I bought my first HP12C in about 1984 or so, and it served me faithfully until 2002 when I lost it while travelling.  I searched for another one to replace it, but found one difficult to come by in my area.  So, I decided to buy up and purchased an HP 49G.  What a mistake!  I know that many people view the HP 49G (now 49G+) as the flagship of the HP line, but for me that was a disaster.The 49G may be powerful, but using it is extremely counterintuitive...and the manual was sketchy at best.  The 12C, on the other hand, does what I need in a way that makes good sense to me.If you are looking for a solid, reliable calculator, the HP12C may be for you.  It's programmable.  It does basic statistics well, and many business applications too.  The manual makes sense; you will be up and running in short order.I'm ready to set my 49G aside and move back to my old friend.  I didn't even have to replace the batteries in well over a decade of use!HP 12C, I'm coming home!WHY THIS BELATED REVIEW? I feel very obliged to share my views about this old workhorse, the HP12C GOLD at its 25th anniversary and my 1Oth year as a satisfied ower user and fan. Especially after sharing my frank views on Amazon about two of its three successors on Amazon.com, burying the HP12c Platinum (2004 1st release, HP12cP) and praising the HP12c Platiunum Anniversary Edition (2006 3rd release, HP12cPAE or HP12cPA).To the majority of HP 12c calculator owners and fans, including the non-techkie nerd like myself, the name Hewlett-Packard To the majority of HP 12c calculator owners and fans. The brandname of Hewlett-Packard is synonymous with the highest quality and best range offered in handheld electronic business financial calculators before the first generation of personal computers hits the desktops of business users.To date (December 2007), the bearer of this "gold" standard is none other than the HP12C HP's "golden boy" in its calculator business segment.The HP12C now a matured product, is the only continuing HP handheld surviving calculator product since '81 and probably the longest selling electronic calculator ever. According to HP almost 15 million HP 12Cs, cPs was sold since ,it is probably the best selling HP (and RPN) calculator ever.As a proven product, the HP12C "gold" works from day 1, with its form factor and sofware remaining unchanged and has not been dethroned by rivals and even its HP successors which had come and go.Even with PC software versions being sold, the 12C remains the truly indispensable "portable" finance-business heldheld computer for its owners, professionals and students alike. This handy companion powers up immediately and is faster than any portable personal computers to jump right into the action.The HP12C is a serious product and the ultimate time tested solution, field tested proven by its users and survived all its rival products, the workhorse moves on.Anyone in charge of this HP line should always bear in mind that the continued production run of the HP 12c is a testimony of HP's quality and standard expected by its customers.Don't just listen to a HP12C fan here, I own and am using three out of 4 models of the HP 12C series, and it is amusing and somewhat disappointing to observe that it had taken HP at least four years and two major upgrades of the HP 12c Platinium, in its futile attempt to "fix & retire" the HP12C with three successors in the form of HP12cPlatinum since 2004.It would seems especially frustrating on the part of HP, to realize after all the effort spent on remaking the HP12cPlatinum models that it would not outdone its siblings the HP10bII and HP17bII+ series to seriously challenge the HP12C Gold.  However, by their own rights the HP10Bs and HP17Bs, and the HP12cPlatinum may find their rightful place in the HP financial calculator line, differentiating the HP12C GOLD in terms of price and functions.IMHO, this had happened because the following golden rules were infringed by HP...GOLDEN RULE I - A PRODUCT WHICH STILL SELLS ITSELF IS NEVER OBSOLETE.GOLDEN RULE II - IF IT AREN'T BROKEN, DON't FIX IT ! "The gold rule of thumb should always be guarded as gospel by the HP heldheld calculator product team. Based on the same reasoning, the HP12C's built quality and product standard is paramount to its users.GOLDEN RULE III - ALWAYS LISTEN TO YOUR CUSTOMERS! If in doubt, see rules I & II.GOLDEN RULE IV - ONLY OUTSOURCE THE MANUFACTURING OF YOUR PRODUCT TO SOMEONE WHO COULD BETTER YOUR OWN PRODUCT QUALITY. If in doubt ask IBM about Lenovo.GOLDEN RULE V - THE BENCHMARKING INDUSTRY STANDARD FOR THIS PRODUCT LINE IS THE HP12C. Just in case, if HP does not know or is not listening to its customers.GOLDEN RULE VI - DO NOT DISCONTINUE THE ICONIC HP12C GOLD. HP needs no reminder that the customer is always right. Please let your customer, the ultimate market force decide if the HP12C should ever be retired.As an ardent fan of HP12C and line of financial business & scientific calculators, I am of the view that the day when HP discontinue the HP12C would be the day it exit this business segment. I speculate this would happen when the HP brandname disappears from the 12C just like after IBM name had disappeared from ThinkPads and ThinkCentres.Since the price of GOLD is on the rise, it is indeed puzzling to fans of the HP12C, why HP did not release a genuine HP12C gold 25th anniversary model for the fans to mark the occasion, if replacing the discontinuing the HP12C GOLD is the intention READ ALL GOLDEN RULES above.To be fair, the silver HP12c Platinum Anniversary is very nice and has spotted the "retro" silver look of the HP 11C, however, it is still not the GOLD standard. With HP missing this golden opportunity to mark the occasion, I would love to see and own a HP 12C engraved with 50th Anniversary logo, reckon that this would be the ultimate testimony for the HP12C and a milestone for its fans.Looking forward, a GOLD 50th anniversary HP12C Anniversary model would be very nice for the fans.For HP, this is a lucrative business proposition. By now, they would have realized that if they have any of its products which could hit a 50th year home run  in 2031, it would not be from its other product line-it would be this original HP12C GOLD standard bearer. So please treat the old workhorse with the upmost respect!I have an HP 48GX that has been kicking for more than twenty years and an HP 11 that is more than 25 years old and still flawless.  I have had this 12C for about 18 months and the number 5 key is already giving me trouble (have to press hard for it to register).  No drops, no abuse.  The overall feel of this new HP is cheaper plastic.  The keys feel hollow and light.  The available functions are great.  This is a classic calculator.  But the functions are no good if the keys stop working...I've started doing more finance stuff recently and went looking for a good time-value-of-money calculator. I was pleasantly surprised to find the HP12C was still available. I've been using HP calculators for decades (HP-45, HP-15 and now an HP-32SII) because of their great feel and long-lasting quality. However, it's also true that the HP12C is probably the last relic of the great HP calculator legacy. It has 'Made In China' stamped on the rear, but the keyboard feel seems much like my dear departed 15C. Hopefully it will have the same long-term durability.Why do I recommend this calculator?*) RPN. In my world, the purpose of a calculator is to solve fairly straightforward math exercises quickly. If you're a college student and need speed and pictures and parenthesis, buy a graphing calculator. If you're solving Black-Scholl's option equations, fire up Excel or something on your desktop computer. But for straightforward punch-it-in calculator work, nothing beats RPN entry.*) Fit and Finish. The keys have good tactile feedback. The display blinks on every entry. You just *know* you've entered the data correctly. The purpose of a calculator is quick, accurate answers at your fingertips. If you don't care about this, don't waste money on this calculator (or any high-end TI or Casio). Buy a $5 Walmart calculator.*) Straightforward financial calculations. Sure, I could write a program for my HP 32SII to do financial calculations. But why, when I can just key in the data directly to the HP12C, push dedicated financial keys, and get immediate answers. This calculator has most of the financial functions you need in a calculator (amortization, depreciation, NPV, date functions, etc.) along with the basic complement of standard calculator functions (ln, mean, standard deviation, factorial, etc). The complexity level is about right for a calculator. It doesn't take a computer science degree to operate it like the graphing calculators require, and it's far more capable than the $5 Walmart brands.*) Speed. I see reviews complaining that this calculator is slow when doing things like IRR computations. They're right. So what? If your IRR computation is that complicated, use a spreadsheet. If you're a college student taking exams, you're better off with a graphing calculator anyway. For 99% of the things the rest of us do with a calculator the 12C is more than fast enough, and the price of speed is power consumption. My 32SII is going on 10 years without a battery replacement, and I trust the 12C will have the same thrifty ways. It's a pain to need a quick answer, reach for the calculator, and then find the batteries are exhausted. This was a regular occurence when I owned TI and Casio brands. I've never had this problem with the HPs I've owned.It also has some programming capabilities which some may find useful. Personally, I haven't used the programming mode in a calculator for many years. Almost invariably I find it easier to just pull up a spreadsheet or write some code.I suspect the under-30 crowd will find this calculator--maybe the whole calculator premise--feels 'dated', and in a way they're right. However, if you're one of those who, like me, use these tools every day and always want one nearby, I think you'll like this calculator. For fit, finish, and a pleasant balance of performance with simplicity it seems to be on par with my earlier HP calculators. (Time will tell, I suppose, whether or not it has the same durability.) What is certain is that in the age of cellphones, PDAs and computers the era of high-quality long-lasting purpose-built calculators is going the way of the Dodo bird.For simple calculations and discounted cash flows, this one is still the best.  I used this in my graduate business program, and for years as a practicing CPA and financial executive.  Of course for complex cash flows you will want to use an Excel spreadsheet; but for quick cash flow calculations the HP12C really is the tool you want.Personally I find Reverse Polish Notation (&#34;RPN&#34;), which is what this calculator uses, to be easy and intuitive.  Many do; some don't.  RPN takes the place of brackets in an arithmetical expression and is easy to learn.The hardware on this calculator is superb.  One of these lasted me decades.  It got lost in an office move, so I am purchasing another.  RJB.While I don't have an MBA, it's hard to believe that a calculator I learned how to use in 1987 during undergraduate business courses is still the standard for the quick calculating financial world. Any finance professional over 30 will know how to use this, and in a pinch, you might need to know how to use it. I know the TI-8x series has financial functions and the graphic capabilities may make those calculators worthwhile. But for most financial pros, if it can't be done on an HP12C, then you probably need a computer.The RPN system isn't hard to learn (at a basic level it works similar to an adding machine), and the functions on this calculator take input and spit out output in a way similar to Excel (i.e. negative numbers for payments and positive for future value, etc.). I found mine the other day after not using it for a while and immediately used it for a discounted cash flow quick analysis I was later planning to do in Excel. It told me the on-the-fly answer I needed.I've had an HP 12C ever since they were first available, roughly twenty years ago.  I'm just in the process of buying another one, as my original one is finally and completely dead.If you're in any business and have anything to do with money (outside of being a cashier), this calculator is essential.  It includes almost every financial function that you need, and quite a few that you probably don't.  Any problem involving the time value of money or finance is a snap with this mini-machine.The only potential problem that I can see for a new user is the RPN format (By the way, RPN stands for Reverse Polish Notation.  It was invented by a Polish mathematician, Jan Lukasiewicz for symbolic logic.)  RPN is different from the traditional method on entering equations into a calculator, but is easy to learn and use...in fact, once you get used to it, the traditional way seems very clumsy.  For die-hards, the HP 12C Platinum Edition includes both traditional and RPN entry methods and is the one that should be purchased.Bought this for my boss because he lost his.  He loves this calculator & would not be caught without it.  It really helps him with his day to day work & he is the CEO of my company.  If the CEO swears by them then they must be a great little calculator.This is a well-designed, simple calculator that handles typical four-function math. Large, easy to read display that includes a comma to help ensure long strings are easier to read. The buttons are slightly sculpted which helps ensure you don't hit more than one at a time, and are nicely spaced. The display angles up and is legible in even somewhat dim lighting.Seems well-built - better than I expected given the price. Excellent choice if you're looking for a small desktop or hand-held calculator.My only complaint is that you can't clear the memory unless you display it. That seems to be the way with all calculators today. A shame -- I have a very old one that allows you to clear memory without displaying the number (e.g., has separate buttons for clear memory and display memory). That comes in handy at times.I love this calculator, big numbers and calculate excellent so easy to use and make my life so much easier.I've had mine for 4 years now and use it almost daily.  Never had any problems with it even after a few drops to the carpeted floor.  Large easy to read keys with a nice feel, not too hard - not too soft.  Large easy to read display.  All in all, good calculator for everyday basic functions.If you need a calculator that prints, this is not the calculator for you. However, if you need a handy sized, easy to read, solar calculator...this is a good one. It does everything that I want a calculator to do at work. It can figure %. I never use these features, but it can figure tax rates and has memory (mrc, m-, m+). The buttons are big enough. I would buy this model again.A great, basic calculator that does exactly what I need it to. It is a bit bigger than I'd like, but I've become used to it. I actually kind of like the bigger buttons now. I also like that it has a no-slide bottom (i.e., it stays in place when I am punching numbers at the table). Overall, a great purchase!Texas Instruments makes an excellent, relatively basic calculator with all the functions I need. The unit is sturdy; this is well made.In addition to solid construction, there are quite a few calculator functions that should suffice unless you need a scientific calculator or another more advanced model. The keys are good sized; and this makes using them to calculate things very easy. You can expect this product to reliably add, subtract, multiply and divide numbers; and you get square root, percentage, a change sign key (to change from a negative number to a positive number), and three memory function keys as well. Great! I also like that the display uses commas when necessary.There are three more function keys at the top of the buttons that read "(rate, tax+, tax-);" they are for calculating tax rates.Although this is a solar powered calculator (you can also use it under a light), it can be used with batteries as an option. There is a battery compartment on the back of the calculator but rest assured you don't need to use it; solar power or using this on a desk with a lamp will make a battery unnecessary.Overall, this is an excellent little calculator without the bells and whistles I just don't need. I highly recommend this item.This review is for the SECOND version of this calculator, the slightly-larger, grey, BLACK and white model, with a rounded "mound" housing the keypad.  I had actually ordered the older model -- the light-grey model, with the blue and white keys, slightly smaller, which I had had previously, but sadly lost.  I had considered returning this newer model, but finally decided against it, as it is now listed as being discontinued by the manufacturer, so -- if I returned the newer one I did get, I very well might have gotten the same model back..........I was, at first, extremely disappointed in the newer model.  (Why both the newer model and the older model -- which look COMPLETELY DIFFERENT -- have the VERY SAME MODEL NUMBER is completely beyond me.  I mean, people who work at Texas Instruments are supposed to be very intelligent and know what they are doing....but why they decided to give to truly different calculators the same model number is something I don't think I'll ever understand.  I mean...what kind of "genuis" makes this very simple mistake?  (one who wants to fool online and catalogue buyers, who have to trust that the packers will pack the right model, perhaps>)That said, this NEWER model -- though larger and more-than-slightly bulkier than the older one -- does have a few advantages....I think.I don't remember the older model having a "tax+" or "tax-" or "rate" key, nor do I remember it having a battery backup, as the newer model does.This newer model has a nice little compartment for the battery, which need only be opened with a single screw.  So, the entire back of the calculator need not be taken off -- with the slight dangers, therein, of getting dust into the machine, or disturbing the delicate circuitry, in the half a minute or so, that it takes to change the battery.  With a neat little separate oompartment for the battery changing, the rest of the back of the machine need not be disturbed at all!This is all the more important, as more and more calculators, sadly, are made with "no user-replaceable batteries" enclosed, (no -- one is instructed, in these other, still newer calculators, to take them to the nearest authorized repair shop, of the designated manufacturer -- and have them replaced there, like wrist-watch batteries!  First wrist-watches, now calculators!  Talk about planned obsolence!  (Buy even this newer model 1795SV, and keep it close!)Although the newer model 1795sv has a "wrap-around, windshield" numberical display, (instead of what is to me, the far more esthetically pleasing and clearer, "picture-frame" numberical display, found in the older model 1795sv), the numbers still are well-spaced and clear to view.  It also has the nice, l a r g e numberic display, which is not only on this newer model 1795SV, but also on the older model 1795SV.....and also on the belated, dearly loved, and sadly lost original Texas Instrument "1795" model, (no "sv"), which I once had, and enjoyed more than both of the "1795sv" models put together!  (It was small, handy, and a beautiful medium-bone-yellow in colour.  It also seemed to stay on FOREVER -- pr at least an hour or so, if I remember correctly.  Oh, that Texas Instruments would bring THAT model back, sigh!)Well, this NEW m0del 1795SV -- though NOT the older, handier model 1795SV, nor the original model 1795 -- still has many good points, most of which are delineated above.  It is also a desk-top model which can be carried in a pocket-book, if necessary -- and also in a briefcase, but not in a wallet.  It is bigger than the two previous models in the Texas Instrument 1795 line...but does have that priceless customer-replacable battery chamber.  Although I do prefer the previous two models, this newer one, now available, is not a bad little calculator, all things considered.But I would still welcome, (greatly!), the return of the original 1795 model, and/or the original 1795sv.This is a well built calculator that has large keys for folks with large fingers. I would recommend if you have larger hands. Ended up purchasing several for my company due to their popularity. Best large keyed calculator under $15.Texas Instruments Solar Calculater. This is a neat calculator and soent take up a ton of space on your desk. The numbers are large enough to see. And has never given me a false answer or calculation like other ones I have had.It has a solart cell so you do not have to be concerned with battery failure.  As your desl lamp or outside window light will keep it charged for you. Large led numbers are easy to read if your eye sight is not what it used to be.Purchased here on Amazon.com Where the whole World. Shops for Value.I didn't take math my senior year of high school and didn't know where my calculator was when I started college.  I bought this one because it was cheap, compared to the TI 83 that I wanted.  I used it for 2 years before it was damaged (my fault, not a product defect).I bought a cheap calculator to replace it and have been very disappointed. I plan on getting another calculator like these before my statistics class next semester.This is a good calculator, does what it is supposed to, great color, easy to take on the road when I travel.Amazon is totally my school supply go to place. They may not have the colors I want, but they ALWAYS have the price! 3rd calculator I've ordered here. Just like what you buy at the store (and usually less expensive)This calculator does the job for what I need. No batteries needed and it is solar powered. Only problem I have is the cover case. It is not slide in / slide out cover cases like most calculators. It is more of a snap it on / snap it off. Other than that it does help protect it from dust and getting the screen scratched.Outside of being able to attach this to your car's rim and use it as a tire, this calculator does about everything.  And, for a reasonable price!  This is the required calculator for the 6th grade here in Ohio, but I originally purchased mine for an advanced chemistry class for a top 10 university course 18 years ago.  It's still the one I grab every time I need a calculator - it performs all the scientific notation that I need, and doesn't become cumbersome like the TI-83.  I've used this for everything from calculus, microbiology, biochemistry to advanced chemistry and it's worked like a dream.  For the price, it just cannot be beat and durability, well that speaks for itself.  Highly, highly recommend!This TI scientific calculator was easy to use instantly.  Clearly written and thorough instructions that made it simple to operate.  I haven't had use for all of the functions, and probably never will, but for high school and college, this will do very nicely.This is a very nice calculator for high school students in higher math - algebra, trig, pre-calculus. The two line display is an added bonus. Can't beat the price for the functionality.I got this at the Big Box retailer that I despise.  Apparently, they only carry this in black.  URGH!!!  I LOVE that it comes in pink.  (Totally would have bought it on Amazon had I known about it.  Every day I find more and more things to buy on Amazon with my Prime Membership, not that I'm plugging Amazon, but I love Amazon.)  I also love that this shows two lines for previous entries.  That was the major selling point for me for when I do my accounting online homework - my laptop computer doesn't have the numeric keys, so it's frustrating to have to use the numbers above the QWERTY keyboard, and it's also time consuming. I love this calculator - very useful.Too much error code...does not work for me and gives a lot of problems.  I will used it when I have no other choice.  Texas Instruments are always good.  Not sure why I am not having a good experience with this one.When working properly, these are wonderful calculators: affordable, simple to learn, fuctional, small, comes with case, easy to reset the memory, etc.It's not as bulky or expensive as something like the TI-89 and on series of graphing calculators.I recommend these calculators for all my chemistry classes. I've never had to use the sin, cos, and tan buttons, but one feature that is especially useful in science class is the ability to shift between scientific notation and normal notation (end, sci/eng, right, enter). It sounds more complicated than it really is and once you do it once, you'll be fine.Occasionally, there are individual calculators that will have poorly made buttons that stick a little. In that case, you have to be extra careful when inputting data, but usually this gets fixed with enough use.Conclusion: Good choice for science class.Like others have posted this is not as pictured.  The design is not the floral or the geometric as the two pictured.  The design part in these pictures is all white on the calculator I received.  If this is a big deal to you, you may want to go to a store where you can pick the design you want.  For me the pink color met my requirements.A great basic non graphing scientific calculator at a great price.  My school bookstore charges $20 for these and only has them in black.  Pink makes it stand out so you know it is yours and makes doing math more fun!It is solar powered with a battery back up.  It has a cover that snaps on the back when you dont need it shut, and there is a cheat sheet for the functions that is in the cover.  I love Texas Instruments, they make products meant to last.  This is a nice quality plastic making it very durable and last a life time.Cannot beat the price, and Prime 2 day free shipping.  Always looking to save a buck.I used this calculator throughout college and it served me well. For all your non-graphing calculator needs this is the calculator for you. It has all the necessary functions and many more that I never used. Overall solid buy and it has lasted me well over 5 years without any issues.Unless your instructor requires you for having high class graphic calculator that you can see entire graph on the screen, this calculator does good job through lower calc class. I got this a bit over $10 at Wal-Mart, and it's been lasting 3+ years now. No issues or no problem whatsoever.Thankfully amazon had a great supply of scientific calculators, since sadly I had never heard of them until I received my daughter's supply list for middle school.  Exactly what she needs for math.  Powered by solar so you never need batteries.  Cool color...enough said.Main Points:I used this calculator for over 10 years before it finally stopped working, and I treated it fairly roughly (e.g.,coffe spills).  I think others here have attested to the functionality of the TI-30, so I just want to emphasize that it's a tough little gadget as well. Yes, the buttons are on the small side and there is a bit of play, but this was never a major problem (although at times it slows down data entry). You can go to [...] for a good overview of TI calculators, and you can scope out one of TI's major competitors at [...]A Little History:This was also one of the first commercially available low-priced calculators that had two-line display and backspace to correct or edit data entry.  The dual-power and scrolling display features were also once unusual.  The top line (for data entry) shows up to 11 characters; you can scroll backwards or forwards up to 88! The bottom line (shows results) displays up to a 10-digit answer along with a 2-digit exponent.Individual Needs Differ:From the reviews here, it appears that high school math is now more difficult than it once was.  If you know that you're going to need graphing capability, then obviously this is not the choice for you.  Similarly, the prevalence of laptop computers and math/stats software may obviate the need for some of the more advanced features.Recommendation:The layout is very good and, for such a low price, it packs a lot of calculating might.  However, high school (or college)students may want to narrow their choices and then ask their teacher which one has the most relevant functions for the next few years of math. Compared to twenty-five or so years ago, one can now get a lot more calculator for the money. Depending on your budget, therefore, you might determine that a calculator like this is sufficient for your short-term needs, but that you'll need a new one if you go on to more advanced stats and math.  In any event, this is a durable calculator that works very well.These ubiquitous texas instrument calculator that everyone thinks are so great are complete garbage.  Compared to 15c or 42s by HP this is not a tool, but a child's toy or just a piece of land fill luggage.I looked everywhere for a calculator that would help with my son's Geometry. This seemed to fit the bill. Nice size display and a nice instruction guide. I'm sure he'll be using this ALOT.This is my third Texas Instruments calculator.  I also have a TI-84 and a Voyage 200, both of which I love.  I bought this one because I needed a no-frills scientific calculator for my Diff Eq class.  I didn't have a lot of money to spend, so this one seemed to fit the bill.  I wish I had gone to a bricks and mortar store and tried it against some other ones, though.  It has all the functions I want, including storing the previous answer, but the buttons don't always register a key press.  It is really frustrating to be in the middle of a test and have the calculator get temperamental.  It is especially bad when I don't notice it happened and mess up a problem because the button didn't register.  It's not an issue with the buttons being difficult to press, either.  The button presses just don't get picked up some times.I purchased this calculator after the first one I bought for her, this one:Texas Instruments Inc. TI-84 Plus Silver Edition Blue Graphing Calculator (Packaging may vary)was rejected by my sister's math teacher as being too complex for a basic algebra class. The teacher approved of this one, and my sister was able to use it successfully in her math class.This is an item that does what it says it does. Comes in good shape and works well. What more can I say?Overall I do not recommend this product. I remember this calculator from several years ago during various math classes. Bought this as a replacement as I require a calculator with specific test specifications. Works great and very intuitive, however the keys require just enough more pressure than they used to so that it is annoying. Perhaps they will become broken in. Not yet though.This is a great item for basic scientific calculations. It does not do all the functions of the somewhat higher models in the product line but meets my needs just right. And a great bargain at less than $13.I have two teenagers going to the local community college and my wife just started college too. We had my old TI-30X scientific from when I went for my MBA so we ordered two more of he TI-30X which is the updated version of the same calculator I had.  Can't beat the price and color selection.Bought this product recently based on recommendations for an advanced math/ scientific calculator.  Apparently, TI has almost all the schools eating out of their hands by having classrooms make these calculators mandatory in many classes.I will say that the calculator features a lot and you can even purchase more applications to dowload at TI's Website.  However, the calculator is complicated to use, and you almost need a course to learn how to use it.  Furthermore, the functionality is poorly designed and if you press a wrong button the calculator will often freeze on you.At the high price for these TI calculators you would think that they would have gotten all the bugs out.  But let me assure you they are definitely there, and you would be better served to get a Casio or HP graphing calculator instead.Have been using this for a college math class. Does everything I need it to, and a lot more that I have not figured out yet.This is a pricey but versatile calculator.  Yes, there are better, more advanced calculators out there for the advanced mathematics and scientific user.  And yes, this item should be priced much lower than it is, considering it has been on the market for a long time.  However, for use in an academic setting, consider that there exists a lot of  teaching materials out there in the classrooms, as well as activities, that are built around this model.  So, because of that, this model has survived all this time.I bought this calculator to use in a Corporate Finance class.  Calculating Time Value of Money problems with this was much easier than using the BA II Plus.  The inputs are easier to enter, without having to memorize long sequences of key strokes.Your instructor and the class activities will most likely dictate which brand and model of calculator to purchase, rather than a reviewer's recommendations.  However, one bit of advice I can give you is very important to remember:  Please, use regular 1.5v alkaline batteries should you purchase this model.  The rechargeable batteries, with their 1.2v, will not be enough to give you a clear display.  A set of four batteries will last a very long time.  However, it would not be a bad idea to carry a spare pack of 4 in your briefcase or backpack.  You would not want to run out of battery in the middle of an important exam.  This calculator, unlike the more basic models, will not run on solar power.Parents: If you're going to buy your child a graphing calculator for school, DON'T insult his/her intelligence with this limited function calculator. Go with a TI-86 or TI-89 as it will serve him/her well through into college. What this means is you save money by purchasing one calculator that will be useful for SATs, GREs, AP tests, high school, algebra, calculus 1-3, college, etc...If you buy a TI-83, you will have to get a TI-86 or TI-89 in the future because a TI-83 is an OVERGLORIFIED TI-82, which is really good for pre-algebra and algebra.GRANTED you can use a TI-83 for Calculus and more advanced math, but it's a good idea to allow your child to grow intellectually by learning how to use a much more advanced calculator for Calc II and III. I had no problems using a TI-86 for Calc 2 and 3, but the TI-89 definitely helped me understand theorems that were in 3 dimensions.For those who are looking for a calculator to use at work:The TI-83 is a piece of junk. It's for kiddies in 6th grade.The TI-86 is a better engineering calc than the TI-89 due to its more intuitive menu interface for units conversions and what not.The TI-89 is better suited for theoretical math work because of its "pretty print" and units system. Plus with the right software mods, you can do differentiation/integration with the variables intact - just a time saver really.However I realize you're just trying to find info on the TI-83. My overall recommendation for the TI-83 is: don't bother. It's a solid calculator but pay a bit more and get at least a TI-86. It will serve you WELL into frosh or sophomore year of college (Calculus I-III). A TI-83 will have served its absolute purpose by the start of your senior year in high school.It's like bringing a 9mm pistol in an African Safari. It will handle meerkats and other small creatures but once you get to the larger predators - it will not work very well. The TI-86 and TI-89 is comparable to a .50AE and .50 Magnum. It can tackle small stuff but will hold its own when the big beasts come around.One of these calculators is probably one of the most useful things you can have in high school, especially if you are taking classes such as algebra 2, geometry, physics, pre-calculus, or calculus. No matter what you will always find yourself using one of these calculators in high school, they are very powerful calculators that have a great advantage over a standard calculator because it has the ability to have programs on it and because it is a graphing calculator. These calculators can even be used during tests such as the SAT! It gives you a better advantage if you know how to use one of these well. The only downside to these calculators is that they require 4 AAA batteries, they last a pretty long time though because the screen doesn't take up much power. Some people might complain that the screen is too low resolution to today's standards or that it isn't a backlit screen,  but this screen is what allows for greater battery use, you wouldn't want your calculator to power off during an exam. So although this calculator is from 1999 it is still a good calculator that you won't regret getting.I rate the TI-83 Plus 5 out of 5 stars.I hope this review helped you out!Math is not my best subject and this calculator is perfect. I highly recomend it for students from high school on.Worked exactly as described.  Didn't love statistics, but the calculator sure made the class a lot easier.  Would recommend this!Product arrived in the condition and of a quality that I expected. It is a standard black color and functions as expected.classic TI-83. it's back - or at least never left. the price is still up there, but let's not get into that. works beautifully and calls back memories of calculus class back in high school. easy to use, great features.Bottom-Line: The Texas Instruments "TI-83 Plus Graphing Calculator" is probably the last calculator you will purchase in your academic career, it is just that powerful.It's time for me to head back to school, DeVry University's Keller Graduate School of Management that is.  This time I am in pursuit of my MBA with a concentration in Networking and Telecommunications. Why pursue a boring ole traditional MBA when new technology is to be learned?  So that means math; lots of math; loads of math in the form of algebra, calculus, and the ever dread statistics.Did I mention that I hate math!?  What does one do when one hates math, but still needs to do it in spades?  Buy a calculator of course, but not just any calculator I needed a calculator cable of doing complex mathematics including graphing equations.  My very first course called for a Texas Instruments "TI-83 Plus Graphing Calculator."Powered by (4) AAA-sized batteries (plus 1 CR-1616 or CR 1620 lithium battery for backup), the "TI-83 Plus Graphing Calculator" is large unit ideal for advanced mathematics students high school algebra to college-level calculus, and statistics.  The TI-83 Plus packs a lot of mathematical punch and the price of $127.00 (Office Depot.com) certainly confirms it.The TI-83 Plus calculator combines features for statistical analysis, engineering, trigonometric and financial functions making it ideal for a student seeking an MBA.  Financial functions include TVM, cash flows and amortization, though surprisingly a percentage key is missing from the calculator.The two pound (yes, it is heavy, kind of) TI-83 Plus features a non-backlit 64x96 pixel grey scale LCD screen that is frankly hard to read unless the lighting is exactly right.  But the LCD display can display graphs and tables on a full as well as split-screen.  And the display exhibits up to (12) characters and eight lines.  The calculator can graph/trace equations while scrolling through table values.  And the TI-83 Plus can store and analyze up to 10 equations.I also purchased the optional TI-Graph Link (software and USB cable).  The software and cable allows one to connect the TI-83 Plus to a computer via a USB port permitting the transfer of files and data between the two devices.My ThoughtsAmple time should be given to learning what the TI-83 Plus can bring to the table.  All of the nine digits are there of course, but the face of the calculator contains a whole lot more in the form of multi-colored special function buttons; and there are a lot of them!  However, the TI-83 Plus ships with very detailed, instruction manual, so I plan to carry it with me at all times.As I stated above, and it is worth restating, the TI-83 Plus's non-backlit LCD is a little difficult to read when the unit is lying flat on a desk and a lot will depend on the lighting conditions.  Even with the right lighting, the top line of the display is hard to read.Though I was stunned by the high price of the unit the "Texas Instruments TI-83 Plus Graphing Calculator" is probably the last calculator you will purchase in your academic career, it is just that powerful.  You can buy it for a high school student and (s)he can use it through graduate school.I purchase these cards frequently to make my own birthday, Christmas and other holiday greetings. This is the best price I have ever paid for them and they arrived quickly. The cards themselves are of high quality and help me create a final product I can be proud of.This is a really good, high-quality product.  It saves money because you can do it yourself.  It also saves time and gas - instead of going to the store, you can just do it yourself.High quality product - very highly recommended.Not very many people nowadays still write paper letters.  But, believe it or not, I still have a few people that I still correspond with on paper and snail mail.  I do prefer snail mail rather than any other way.  This is a good way to have some stationery in which to write a letter on.no, you won't fool anyone into thinking that these are commercial-quality cards, but they're pretty good. i prefer the matte finish over glossy which tend to have even flimsier paper. the size of these cards are basically a piece of 8.5"x11" paper folded in half, so that makes these larger than a normal commercial greeting card. but since they're "regular paper-sized," it's easy to design your own elements and print without worrying about sizing, orientation, etc...this is fine for casual card-making. despite using your printer's ink, it's still cheaper than buying greeting cards. it's a good option for a home hobbyist or for making last-minute cards if you don't feel like going to the store.I like the larger size and the very whiteness of the paper. The matte paper really takes in a lot of the inks so the result is sometimes stunning. I only mark it down one star because I wish it were just a bit stiffer.I love making my own greeting cards.  These work perfectly with my canon inkjet printer.I like to take tons of pictures at parties and get togethers.  It is amazing how many funny looking faces some people make while trying to smile for a photo especially a big group.  There will always be one in the middle of doing something else instead of getting the smile right.  I like to take and isolate that one and later for their birthday or something make a funny card.  Or put funny sayings in word balloons over their heads and make a funny card.People like personalized cards and not only that, this is so much cheaper than cookie cutter cards at the store.  My friends all seem to look forward to my cards so I use lots of these Avery Half Fold products.Sometimes I want to create an especially personal card for someone and these half fold cards and envelopes make for a very nice end product.  There is a finish to one side that helps make the printed graphics look better than if the paper were not coated.The weight of this card stock is perfect for my ink jet printer and feeds smoothly.  The fold line is so slight that you can use the page whole if you want and not fold it at all.  It also lends itself to being cut in half for single page note cards.  I've already made three sets featuring original art for Christmas presents.I've tried three other brands of half-fold card stock and all have been too heavy to feed smoothly through my printer.  The resulting cards show lines of print instead of a smooth picture--not exactly professional quality.  This product is perfect.  It's a good weight for a greeting card or note card and has a smooth bright white finish.  It can be folded into a half fold card via the scored line as designed, but doesn't have to be and the faint line isn't obvious if the page is left whole for a printed notice where you want some heft, like for a yard sale or lost pet.  If you cut the cards in half for note cards and miss the scored line by a tiny amount, it doesn't show so your note cards still look perfect.I will definitely buy more of these cards.  Highly recommended.I'm a digital photography enthusiast and this product has given me the ability to make stunning personalized cards for family and friends.  Very easy to use straight out of the box.  These cards reproduce photographs very nicely, in bright, vibrant color.The half-fold is nice as it gives you plenty of room for artwork and personalized messages on the inside.  Highly recommended.I created a whole group of Christmas cards with these. They look great and were fun to do. I'm ordering more so I can finish my card list.This product consists of decent quality 8.5 x 11 matte card stock with a partial laser perforation in  the middle so the it folds in half evenly. 25 envelopes are included in the package. This is larger than a typical greeting card, but the size makes it easy to use with just about any printer. The paper accepts and absorbs the ink without seeping through or veining in the paper fibers. The paper color is not bright white, but is appropriate for a greeting card.The package insert, dated 2007, states that Avery DesignPro software is Windows only. However, Avery DesignPro for Mac OSX is now available as a free download on the Avery.com software page. Avery DesignPro for Mac is a basic graphic design and layout program which includes templates for most Avery products, including Avery/American Greetings Half Fold Blank Cards (3265). This is the easiest way I know of to use this kind of product. In addition, Avery DesignPro includes a printer calibration feature. Absolute precision is not so critical on greeting cards, but if you're printing 90-per-page return address labels, a fraction of an inch one way or the other can run a whole sheet of labels.My printer (an HP 7180) has a duplex (two-sided printing) attachment. The DesignPro software will print both sides on the same job. The trick is to choose Short-edge Binding in the print dialog box. If you choose long-edge, the inside of the card will print upside down on the wrong page. The preview in the print dialog box does not show the inside page, but it does print. If your printer does not have a duplex attachment, then you simply print page 1 only, flip the paper over and then print page 2 only. I'd suggest trying this once or twice with plain paper, so you know exactly how to flip the paper for your particular printer.To me, these products fall in the etiquette scale between  a hand-written note on your personal letterhead and a greeting card you bought in the grocery store. They do show you put some time and effort into the communication.This product provides a certain amount of convenience but is not anything special. It is 8.5x11-in. card stock for inkjet printers, with a crease in the middle for folding. It has a template number for use with word-processing and creative-project software, but templates can often be more trouble than they are worth, especially for the simple task of dividing a simple letter-sized sheet into two parts. There is a convenience, to be sure, in having correct-sized envelopes packaged with the paper; but again, there is nothing special about this size of envelope; and they feel somewhat flimsy, not exactly something in which to encase the results of your artistic labors.Plain is OK, but to get a top rating from me this product would have needed to have been special in some way, such as perhaps being glossy on half of one side in order to provide a space in which to print a photo vibrantly.These are nice sturdy cards and envelopes that print up very nice and crisp. They are not photo cards but a slightly shiny card stock, they fold so easily on the fold mark, fit the envelopes nicely and no extra postage required. I used microsoft digital image suite to make my cards and it works perfectly with these, I used pictures of my pets to make Christmas cards and they turned out rather nice. These are not fancy cards but are nice enough to send out to others.I have been using this Avery half-fold greeting card stock for more than ten years.  I have tried other vendors and generic alternatives, but I have always gone back to Avery because of the print quality that you get from this product.On both sides of the greeting card, the printed output is smooth, crisp and sharp, yielding nice images.  There is no bleeding of the inkjet colors into the fibers of the paper.  The greeting card has a matt-coated finish on one side for the nice reproduction of pictures and images.  The card has a slight crease for easy folding.  I use Printshop for making cards, so I have never tried the free templates and software.I'm usually dissapointed in card makers but these are the best I have every used.  The paper looks much better right out of the box, works great in the printer, does not smear and most important gives you a photo-like image on the paper.They are a nice big size and come with their own envelopes (which is good since they are so big).  The images are really as good as premium photo paper when compared side by side.  They fold well, envelopes are good quality also.These might cost a little more than generic ones but well worth the price, cannot find one bad thing to say about them.I usually use Hallmark's greeting card paper and like it a lot.  Avery's product is equally good.  It is a true matte finish, so if you want a little more shine, this isn't for you.  The stock is thick enough that the printing doesn't show through and the fold is neat and professional.  No need to buy pre made cards if you have these on hand.  I use American Greeting's printable option a lot but my kids like to make their own cards with it.  They look much better than trying to fold your own card stock.  I would highly recommend these.My wife enjoys the creative process and personal touch of making/designing her own Special Occasion cards for family and friends.  The package of Avery white half-fold greeting cards containing 20 each of card stock and envelopes, is perfect for this endeavor.  The best feature of the card is the well-defined fold line, which helps when determining what side is the best or correct side, for the front of the card. The quality and sturdiness of the card stock is a big plus. It is a good weight...not heavy, but not too light, either! The paper accepts all the colored inks well, with the printing and pictures clear and clean-looking. The designs can slightly show through if printed on both sides, but that is not a big distraction.  She will definitely order this product again.I love this card stock. Nice weight, nice white tone, and the ink-jet prints on it are superior. They make it easy.I like this brand of card stock - nice weight; ink absorbs evenly, and the paper is scored, making folding the paper into a card easy and precise.This is nice thick card stock that does not bleed through. I used these for invitations and printed a full color picture on front, black & white print with a color image inside and a color image on the back. They looked fantastic! Of course I did need to keep the pages separated for a minute, so the ink could dry, but nothing smeared and they looked fabulous. The only trouble I had was that I couldn't find an option for this Avery size in my Word 7, so I used what I thought was closest to that size and it worked just fine (and that is why I didn't give it 5 stars). I would definitely purchase these again!this Avery greeting card paper works great for me. I never had it jam up my printer maybe its because I separate all the pages first to see if any are stuck together. then re-stack how may I want to print put paper in printer and print away. my cards turn out very well I will buy this paper again.I found the cards to be simple to load, and the card stock itself is firm and easy to handle.  I like these larger cards for relatives whose vision isn't great.  The background is crisp and white and takes color well, whether text, clip art, or photos.  There is a heavy-weight version of this product, but I don't see the point in making greeting cards that last 100 years...Perfect cardstock for creating my own greeting cards on my inkjet printer.  I used the templates for Microsoft Word, and they fed nicely into my Canon MP830.  Totally satisfied and will use this for future cards.Avery and American Greetings have gotten together to create a product that will be giving your local card store a run for its money.Got a PC? A color printer?  Like to collect clip art? Or are you an amature photographer? Well, combine that with a simple program (like Microsoft's PUBLISHER) and you will be churning out unique, one-of-a-kind cards in a matter of minutes.The great part is, all the cards reflect you and your style. No longer do you have to contend with searching for "the perfect card" when you can create it (and personalize it) at home.I take photos and importing them on the Half Fold Blank Cards is a snap.  You can add a greeting (no more "Happy Birthday" but you can add the person's name as well) and you really are showing somebody how much you care (Sorry Hallmark, I couldn't resist the jab).This product produces professional cards that are just as good (sometimes better) than the ones you buy in the card stores.Avery/ American Greetings provide you with envelopes so all you need is a little talent and wait until you see the end product!These cards are made of pretty good card stock with nice envelopes.  The template I downloaded did not have any envelope printing option; there was only a template for the card.  Designing the card took a little bit of experimenting before I got the writing and picture to be organized correctly in the template.  There are really no guides in the template. It also took me a while to orient the paper correctly in the printer, but once that worked, the output of the picture on the card cover was rich.This is for inkjet printers only and before I selected this product, I had missed that description.  I did try it in my laser printer with the duplex option set and the card stock got jammed as expected.  However, it did print the front of the card beautifully before that happened.  I then printed a saying on regular paper and glued it to the back of the card.  Obviously, if you have an inkjet printer, you won't have to do this. Instead, I had my friend use this product on her inkjet printer. Below is her review:"The paper has the perfect weight for card stock.  The paper fed through my printer with ease each time (not too thick), and it worked well for double sided printing with no bleed through.  Both black and color ink printed perfectly.  I would purchase this brand card stock paper again."In summary, if you like printing your own cards and have an inkjet printer, then this Avery product is a good option.If you want to send a largish greeting card with plenty of room for photos or images, this is just what you need.  So many of the print your own card kits produce small cards.  These are grate for photos - big enough so you can notice them across the room and be drawn to see them better.I tried printing photo greeting cards on this paper with two different printers - an Epson Artisan 810 and an HP OfficeJet 6500A - and had a very positive experience with both. In the past, I have had greeting card papers jam or refuse to feed unless the paper goes in from the top, but I had no difficulties with either printer in this case. The colors were a bit richer coming from the Epson printer, and I'm sure it's because that printer utilizes six ink cartridges and is designed more specifically for photo printing. However, the results were very close, and I was very happy with the prints from both machines. Colors are bright and clear, and the details are sharp. The cards have a nice feel to them and the scoring in the middle of the sheets make them very easy to fold cleanly and evenly. With the matte finish, the ink is dry and okay to handle as soon as the prints come out of the printer. I'm very happy with this paper and would buy it again for gifts and my own personal use.This is a great size for a holiday letter card where you can print a photo on the cover and your letter on the inside, works easier if your printer does doublesided automatically.Ever have a day when you need a card and you don't have one on hand? Avery White Half-Fold Greeting Cards are nice to have to quickly and easily create a nice looking card. The paper is sturdier and nicer looking than normal printer paper.  I think at a half page size, they are a little big and the envelopes are a little cheap looking.  My huge recommendation is to always print your card on a piece of normal paper to make sure it is right before using this paper. Since I messed one up, I printed a half page size card. I like that size better, but then you need to have your own envelopes or do without. Making two per page would make the cards more economical, too. It is very easy to find pre-made designs that fit this template size. Even a beginner could make a card in minutes. I used a non-color laser printer and by choosing a black and white design, the cards look great.  Overall, I like these and if they save a trip to the store...I love them.This Half-Fold  style along with  Avery's Quarter Fold heavy paper stock is the perfect medium to use for those who prefer to send personalized greeting cards.  Sure, you can use standard printer paper, but these scored sheets are whiter, brighter and make the colors and text pop, and it gives your cards ( that you worked long and hard on) that professional look.  These packages all come with matching envelopes which make it a great deal.  I don't  go out and spend $5-6.00 PER CARD for those  generic cards you get at drug stores anymore....... that's ridiculous.  I love designing and personalizing the cards I send out at a fraction of the cost.I had some less-expensive half-fold cards that I had purchased previously.  I assumed that the same card (same pictures, words and fonts) would look about the same on them both.  After all, they were both Avery products.  To test my theory, I test-printed the same thing (using the same fonts and the same picture) on both cards.  I was amazed at the difference!  The words were sharper and clearer on these cards.  However, where they really stood out was the clarity of the picture!  The picture on the other card was acceptable -- until I put them side-by-side for comparison!  On this card, the colors were more vivid, and the picture was a lot sharper.  In fact, when compared to this card-stock, the picture on the less expensive paper looked faded and washed out (something I probably would've never noticed if I hadn't seen the side-by-side comparison).  I'm still having a hard time believing that different card-stock can make such a diffence.  The difference really is that noticeable.  These more expensive half fold cards are definitely worth the extra expense, and I will buy them in the future.I also like that you can download free templates from [&#8230;] templates (something that is true of all Avery products).  When using Avery's free templates, you have four options:1 - Avery Templates (a simple and basic download, and it works with MS Word & Adobe programs);2 - Avery Wizard for MS Office (a download that gives more options than the basic option and makes MS Word even easier to use);3 - Avery Design & Print Online (Online version that does not require a download, unfortunately I couldn't figure out how to do single labels without printing an entire page of the same label);4 - Avery DesignPro (a download that allows even more features than basic or MS Office templates.  All the templates are free, and you can use them with multiple Avery products (labels, gift cards, etc.)I used this cardstock to make Christmas tags for my son's preschool goodie bags and I had no problems printing them on an inkjet printer.  I also used these cards and Avery's DesignPro software to print Christmas cards and they looked like something I could have bought at the store.  I was really impressed with the papers and would definitely use them again as well as recommend them to others.The avery Half-Fold Greeting Cards for Inkjet Printers are great for Greeting Cards and Invitations. I have made Invitatons and Greeting Cards with ease using this kit. You can easly download Avery Templates and Software to help you make beautiful cards everyone will enjoy receiving.The paper quality is good, and there is a wide variety of templates to choose from on the Avery web site.  The templates range from wedding invitations to get well cards, to office-oriented announcement cards.  You have to provide the actual text; but the background images are part of the templates. You can also design and print your cards via their web site; it generates a PDF file that you print one side at a time.  Helpful instructions are close by.  The templates on the web site are for all versions of Microsoft Word; I had no trouble opening them with OpenOffice.org software.This is a nice heavy weight cardsotck.  It is not of exceptional quality - pretty much the basic cardstock paper you can find in big packages at the local craft or discount store.  It works well for run-of-the-mill cards like larger quantities of Christmas cards, but I prefer to use a better quality for special cards. Still, it works well for its price.The cards and envelopes are a good quality paper and have a nice feel to them.  I like to use my own photos designs for cards and  these will be perfect for Christmas this year.I've been using these in my HP 1610 inkjet printer and they work great.  Text and photos come out crisp and vibrant.  I downloaded the template from Avery and it works perfectly in OpenOffice.The best thing about these is that they are pre-folded.  This provides a much better result than using regular card stock.My only complaint, which is minor, is that I wish the paper was just a little bit thicker/heavier.  Other than that, I'm very happy with the overall quality and will probably order another box when this one is used up.This is a really nice card making kit.  The card stock is very heavy and a nice texture. It's easy to format and includes envelopes.  I do think the large envelopes would need extra postage if you are mailing them.The kids and I had a blast making cards last month for Christmas and Thank You's. The cards printed out beautifully and saved us a trip to the card shop (and some big $$$ spent there usually). I am going to keep these in stock at home for our card needs. A+Have used this many times before and this site had one of the best prices.  Crisp colors and quality paperIt's been a while since I've used actual greeting card paper to make my photo greeting cards.  The first time I made greeting cards on a PC, I used HP greeting card paper, which I found on clearance.  I loved making photo cards!  Unfortunately, I realized greeting card paper was a bit costly when not on clearance, so I turned to other paper for my cards.  Mostly, I have made them onCanon Matte Photo Paper, 8.5 x 11 Inches, 50 Sheets (7981A004).  (Note, however, I have not bought this paper since 2005, when I stocked up on it, because it was so cheap.  Thus, I don't know if Canon has changed anything about the paper or not.  The box itself looks different.)  It is basically inexpensive photo paper, and has no Canon name on the reverse side, so you can print your greetings on that side.  (Just make certain you print the photo on the right side.  If not, it will look horrendous, whereas words look just fine.  Hold the paper up to a lamp to find the brightest white side for the photo.)  It also folds relatively easily.  If you want your card on glossy paper, use glossy photo paper for your photograph, pastel or bright bonded paper for your message, and tape or paste the bonded paper to the back of the glossy paper. (All glossy paper I have ever seen has the brand's name on the back, so messages can't be printed there.)  Then, just get a box of envelopes that fit your cards, such asColumbian CO468 Grip-Seal Invitation Envelopes A9, 5-3/4" x 8-3/4" - White (Box of 100).If you want it quick and easy, though, do get these Avery greeting cards.  The envelopes are included, and the card paper is already half folded, so there's no struggle in getting the card folded just right.  The photos I printed on these cards looked almost as good as the photos printed on matte photo paper.  I used 10 of these Avery cards to make a stationery set for friends.  I printed photos of their dogs on the front of the cards, and left the insides blank for "newsy" notes.  Since the envelopes in this pack come bounded in two sets of ten, that worked out quite well.  I included one of the envelope sets with the cards, and had a very nice Christmas gift for my friends. I don't think the included envelopes are quite as nice as the Columbian ones, but they certainly will do. Also, when making a quarter card, while folding the half card in half, the card tore in half!  So, you might want to watch out for that, or get quarter card paper for your smaller cards.  Making greeting cards on the computer is lots of fun, and Avery makes it simple with these half-fold greeting cards!I am on my third pack of Avery half-fold cards in only about a year's time. I love this product! Aside from the typical print-out greeting cards, I use the cardstock for a couple of other things as well: (1) They're scored deeply enough that they rip in half easily. Once ripped in half, I cut along the line to make it look neater, fold each half of cardstock in half, and then make two handmade cards out of one sheet. (2) The cardstock works really well as a cover when creating half-fold booklet projects.One thing that's different about this product from others is that it comes with envelopes. Plenty of other brands only sell cardstock in packs, and this envelope size isn't always easy to find. The printing is also less likely to smear than some other types of heavy paper since the surface isn't glossy.The only negative I have to say is that this packet used to come with 25 cards and envelopes (my old box reads: "5 more cards! Now with 25 cards."). I really wish Avery had kept the pack at a larger size and not taken it back down to 20. The actual product is great, though, and something I use frequently.These cards allow us to make beautiful, personalized custom cards at a fraction of what we'd pay for those overpriced, impersonal store-bought ones.  I can have 25 hand drawn Avery cards for less than the price of one fancy store-bought one, or if I print them, including ink, it would still be less than $1/card.The kids used the Avery cards for the first time today, making some cards for a friend's birthday.  They came out looking so nice and polished.  We didn't even bother with the printer; they just drew right on them.  They will have even more fun when we've got more time to experiment, with glitter, buttons, stickers, cut outs, etc.  I'm looking forward to scanning in some of their favorite drawings and using them for cover art.  Or making a Father's Day card with a photo of the kids and their dad.  I think I'll make a birthday card for my dad from his dog, with a picture of his dog on the cover and googly eyes pasted on.The card stock is nice and heavy, is a nice bright white that shows true colors, and is scored for easy folding.  The folds come out crisp but not at all flimsy.Knowing Avery products as I do, I'm sure they will work like a dream in my printer, but I will update my review when I have an opportunity to do a card on the printer.These greeting cards worked really good. I was looking for a card size more like the ones you buy in the store but these were inexpensive and you get 20 of them. Good deal. I Payed the price I would pay for one Hallmark card and got 20 of them. This is fun for the whole family both making and receiving them.Great card stock, excellent paper and it worked great with my inkjet printer.  I chose cute Christmas card design, my photo and my personal message and was done in minutes!  But... I didn't like starting with just blank cards.  For advanced users I'm sure it's what everybody wants, blank slate so their imagination runs wild.  But I wanted to at least start with some color and pre-printed borders, so all I would need to pick is my pictures and write my message.  Overall, still 5 out of 5.Great bang for the buck.  Buy it, and I promise you will not be disappointed.This is a good calculator for those who are taking business classes.  This is helpful for those taking introductory courses in Accounting and also in Finance.  You can also use this to check your Excel spreadsheet and make sure that your formulas are correct.  This can be especially helpful when setting up an amortization table.  However, if your teacher will allow it, you may be better off with a graphing calculator, like a Ti-83.  You can use the Ti-83's TVM functions to do the same things, and it is a little bit easier to learn.Another thing to consider, for those who will be taking exams, is that you will need to master the functions of whatever model calculator will be allowed on the test.  While I prefer the TI-83, it may not be allowed in the CPA Exam, for example.I bought the calculator for Accounting classes, and now it is just laying there not used. But it is good enough for the first Accounting classes, then you do better upgrade your calculator.I got this calculator at request from my Corporate Finance professor.Its the student version and pretty easy to use -- key thing being that you regularly clear your work from memory in between TVM problems.Once you get the hang of it, its very fast to calculate PV, NPV, FV, Cost of Capital, etc.Its not as solidly made as the TI-85's I had in Calc as an undergrad, but its small, lightweight and easy to use --- worth the 28$ and actually a bit quicker to solve finance problems than MS Excel(Note:  for real world NPVs, I do use Excel since thats more repetitive work and involves alot of different scenario modeling that would be less efficient on a manual calculator.)David Wilson: Thank you my man for your review of the TI BA II. I was getting ready to junk my old 80's 12C when I noticed in your review of the TI something that made me go back and do something that put my 12C back into action.  You saved me some dollars and time. I was about to buy the TI but no need now.Great product. Everything I need as a finance guy. All I need now is my books to be this cheap.I have not had a chance to really learn the complex functions. The buttons are a nice size and not sensitive. I am planning to use it for the CFA preparation and exam. I am overall very pleased with it.This calculator worked perfectly for my Finance class- easy to use and no issues whatsoever. Highly recommend for your finance needs! Thanks!VALUE PERFORMER GETS NEW LOOKBA2+ users may like to know that Texas Instruments has released a "new look" TI BA2+ (allow me to call it it BA2+N), which may come with just more than cosmetic improvements over the popular BA2+.IMPROVED LCD DISPLAYI was able to observed from a short distant away that the LCD display of the BA2+N,is clearer and more contrasty than the orginal BA2+ which I own. TI gets a thumbs up for doing this improvement quietly plus giving a facelift to this already highly regarded value for money business-financial electronic calculator.DID TEXAS INSTRUMENT KILLED SOME BUGS IN THE BA2+?Although I have not yet been able to test the BA2+N, TI may have also incorporated some improvements and killed some bugs on the popular BA2+. It is also probable that some improvements or new functions incorporated on the September 2004 released BA2+ Professional (BA2+PRO) may also have been also incorporated into the specs of BA2+N.I would like to believe that some small but extremely annoying bugs of the "original" BA2+ has been quietly fixed on the BA2+N. In particular, I wish to see the "Reset" button nuisance which clears all user input formatting on the BA2+ has been done alway with. Most users of BA2+ would know that an accident user soft reset would return to the default Number of Periods per year P/Y to 12, this would upset the results of many TVM calculations when user has set the P/Y to "1" to use the calculator in "number of periods" instead.BATTERY REPLACEMENT WOES ON THE BA2+I was not able to exam a unit of the BA2+N to see if end users would still need a screw driver to unscrew and pry open the BA2+ casing just to replace the CR2032 battery. It would be nice if TI would incorporate a user accessible slide open battery compartment for the BA2+N or future upgrades of the BA2+.MY RECOMMENDATIONWould be buyers should get hold of the BA2+N or buy the BA2+PRO if you have a bigger budget. Budget conscious users could see that for the price of a BA2+ PRO, a screw driver and spare batteries, new users could afford to purchase for themselves two sets of BA2+N.An advantage of having a spare BA2+N set on hand is that users could free themselves from the trouble of carrying a philips screwdriver and replacement lithium batteries to important assignments or to the examination centre.HOW DIFFERENT DOES THE BA2+N LOOKS? I have downloaded the BA2+N JPEG picture from TI's calculator site and posted it to the Amazon's picture gallery.IMPORTANT NOTE:I have commented on the BA2+N as an end user and I don't work for TI, HP or any of the manufacturers for the products which I have used, reviewed and posted my comments on the pages of Amazon.com. It is my pleasure to be able to share my first look at the BA2+N with you, thanks for reading!This product is for real geeks only. I bought it as a souvenir and office decoration.If you want something serious and practical, get an iphone (or any other smartphone) and a financial calculator app that can do Black-Scholes option pricing and many other fixed income and derivative stuff that this calculator cannot do.I had gotten my first TI calculator in 6th or 7th grade. My TI-83+ has survived about 10 years of being dropped, thrown in frustration, left in hot/cold cars, etc. I bought this calculator for a finance class so that I could enter the calculations I need as they are taught in class rather than figuring it out on my graphing calculator. The first thing I noticed are the keys aren't nearly as good and are kind of annoying to press.  The case isn't very solid at all, I get the feeling if I were to drop it that would be the end of this calculator. As for actual calculation it has been fine so far, but you need to change decimal settings. Out of box it rounds to 2 places, which is inadequate. I recommend setting it to 5.This is a good calculator as would be expected from Texas Instruments, who have been in the calculator business for decades.  