In the years thereafter, most of the Oil fields and platforms were named after pagan “gods”.
We love you Mr. Brown.
Chad has been awesome with the kids and holding down the fort while I work later than usual! The kids have been busy together playing Skylander on the XBox together, after Kyan cashed in his $$$ from his piggy bank. He wanted that game so bad and used his gift card from his birthday he has been saving and the money to get it (he never taps into that thing either, that is how we know he wanted it so bad). We made him count all of his money to make sure that he had enough! It was very cute to watch his reaction when he realized he did! He also does a very good job of letting Lola feel like she is playing too, by letting her switch out the characters! She loves it almost as much as him.
so anyways, i am going to share some home decor inspiration that i have been storing in my folder on the puter. i have all these amazing images stored away ready to come to life when we get our home.
With graduation season right around the corner, Nancy has whipped up a fun set to help you out with not only your graduation cards and gifts, but any occasion that brings on a change in one's life. I stamped the images in Memento Tuxedo Black and cut them out with circle Nestabilities. I embossed the kraft and red cardstock with TE's new Stars Impressions Plate, which is double sided and gives you 2 fantastic patterns. You can see how to use the Impressions Plates in this tutorial Taylor created. Just one pass through your die cut machine using the Embossing Pad Kit is all you need to do - super easy!
If you have an alternative argument, let's hear it! :)
If I were a bear,
Other friends have similar stories, of how they were treated brusquely by Laurelwood staff, and as often as not, the same names keep coming up. About a half-dozen friends of mine refuse to step foot in there ever again because of it. How many others they’re telling - and keeping away - one can only guess.
Although our beloved Cantab can’t claim the international recognition afforded the Station Inn, otherwise these two joints feel like twins separated by nothing more than distance. They share a complete lack of pretense that can’t be imitated or approximated. Their very ordinariness makes them special.
Peter Schiff: Hard to tell. It will look pretty bad for most Americans when prices will go way up and they can’t afford to buy stuff. It could also get very bad as far as loss of individual liberty. A lot of people will blame it on capitalism, on freedom, and they will claim we need more government. It could be used as an impetus for more regulation, which would be a disaster, or it could be an impetus to get rid of all the regulation that was causing the problem. But whether we will do the right or the wrong thing here in America, there will be a lot of pain first. We got some serious problems we have to deal with, but we are not dealing with the problems, we only make the problems worse.
3. Winter is the time when all sleeps on some level. It is a time of turning within to make contact with your own innermost being. Winter is the best time to do this and, as a result, get answers for yourself about whatever concerns you. It is also a tremendously creative time, a time for artists of all kinds to turn within and to seek images of forms he or she wishes to produce in whatever medium chosen, so that an image of balance can be presented. Those of you that write, we suggest that you do so to come up with plots and ideas that will speak of balance coming to an imbalanced situation, person, or world. To those of you who, like Priscilla, work with making patterns and designs, we would say remember the images and designs brought about by winter. White will challenge you to see what changes will manifest in the images you produce. We ask that you do this in your own environment.
I am en-route to Cornwall again. 3/4 months of slog and sun and sea too. Always a job needs doing in a tourist town. I’m bringing my stuff back from 97 on Friday. Will need to cancel bills before I retreat. Not such a bad thing. Moved to Leeds with promise from Millies. That went nowhere. Move on.
Pure large leaf Assam. No waffling with the leaf, thank you. I want it strong and dark with no herby frills. And for goodness sake no fruit mixers and no sweetener. Why would you do that to tea?
The also mention the effect on the night sky, an issue we raised in our report, which again was ignore by Lancing Parish Council!. “The use of all lighting, including that of the indoor football pitch dome, should be the subject of a planning condition to ensure that it is only utilised at appropriate times and when necessary to safeguard the ‘dark skies’ of the adjacent NP.“
State contracts worth over 100 MILLION ringgit!
People like you are unknowing transformers of things, protected by your own fairy-tale, by love.”
The one thing that was astounding though was the support from the marshals – they were all phenomenal for being out in the rain for so long and remaining so cheery and supportive. They were an amazing bunch. Owing to the nature of the course and very few closed roads meant that supporters who knew the area were able to skip around the course and a few people were seen about 5 or 6 times which was also super!!
We attend our friend Kendra's wedding -- such a joy to watch people see an end to year's of waiting.
A neighbor recommended “Chasing Fireflies” by Charles Martin. I’d never read anything by Martin before, although he was this neighbor’s favorite author. “Fireflies” is the story of Chase, a journalist who never knew his parents and was adopted by “Unc,” a colorful resident of a small Georgia town whose sayings and kind heart make him a memorable character. Chase is investigating the story of another orphan, this one a mute boy pushed out of a car on train tracks just before a train hit and killed his loser custodial “parent.”
Fallout by Ellen Hopkins (p.1-140)
Either Obama/Congress, etc. give in or, more likely, refuse. The group announces that the next device will be detonated in a populated area, with no warning. Again, “Obama,” et al., refuse to submit. This time the device is detonated in a mid-sized to major city. Tens of thousands die. (Think the atomic bombs that ended WWII.)
April was a month for new beginnings. Firstly, I finally finished my exams, and if all is good, I’ll be graduating in May. It still feels weird to know that the business degree I’ve been working for four years is finally mine. So now I’m in the process of looking for a new job. Secondly, I finally began moving in with my boyfriend of four years, and that’s a bit nerve-wrecking. As for reading books, the last week of April gave me an opportunity to relax and enjoy a few stories. As you will see, I have not finished much, but I have successfully began several hefty novels. I am happy with the progress I’ve made so far and the quality of books I’ve picked to read. The Fellowship of the Ring is surprisingly easy to read, considering all my fears about Tolkien and his writing. I am loving A Clash of Kings even though this season took a few liberties concerning the plot. Master and Margarita is my first Russian novel in a long time, and I have to say it’s surprisingly refreshing. I had to postpone my Virginia Woolf experience for later, as I find that I am just not in the mood for it. I should be returning to it a bit later.
I was hoping Howie would smash his face in the cake my sister made, but it seemed like he was more scared of it than anything, but after staring at it for a while and all of us cheering he started to dig in!
Contains DMAE which provides firming and toning benefits- Enhances facial contours- An anti-inflammatory that enhances the strength of other antioxidant therapiesVitamin C Ester - Patented- A powerful antioxidant that improves firmness and elasticity- Diminishes the appearance of fine lines, wrinkles and discoloration- Imparts a radiant, smooth and luminous appearance
for I did not come to condemn the world but to save the world.
When I was four years of age I remember being at home with my mom one day when a salesman tried breaking into our home. My mom was on the phone to her sister when the guy tried every door in the house. Her and I was curled up in a corner of the kitchen hiding with the phone hoping the guy would leave. It scarred me. I have never been trusting of them since this and I haven’t had one that has changed my mind.
Point 2: If it’s a show that your kid wants, a show about a book is always better than CRACCC.
Let’s say hypothetically, there is a bomb threat inside an airport. And there is only 10 minutes remaining it will explode. Inside the building there are few whites, blacks and Asian/middle eastern descents. And one of them has the code to disarm the bomb. So what would law enforcement do in a situation like this? Conduct a random check? Or eliminate the best possibilities by checking the Middle Eastern people first? If there are statistics and reasons to believe that threat comes from a certain race, is it unlawful to profile them? If a white man goes on a killing spree then should we waste time checking black men? Same goes to blacks or any other race. Isn’t it simple and smart to stay on facts and statistics or waste time and money by trying to be politically right?
‘Tis all.
Come join us next Tuesday February 21 st for discussion on Chapter 3. We will talk about personal will, self control and the ability to stay true to ourselves as we travel through this life. The gathering is fun, free and another opportunity to meet new people.
"The ANC had earlier approached the South Gauteng High Court to grant us leave to appeal its earlier ruling that the singing of the freedom song was unconstitutional and fitted the crime of incitement.
I am 32 weeks pregnant!
I have it on good authority that everyone in this company, particularly the strikers, recieved gifts in the company-organised Secret Santa. I also know that the strikers attended the company-funded Xmas Party, where they partook in the company-funded luncheon. They also recieved vouchers to the value of K100, from the company as Xmas gifts.
I've also pondered a more permanent solution that involves several smaller chronological blogrolls organized by blog type (like the color codes). But that seems like a lot of work to create and maintain, and I'm not sure it would be helpful to the reader.
»Scene 2: Shays’ apartment«
Prepare chicken fillets by flattening out a little on a board- They need to be thin and able to 'roll up' with a filling.
Her fiction and non-fiction has appeared in many magazines and reviews including Oprah Magazine. She has been featured in the New York Times, Newsweek, Time, USA Today and on the Today Show, and NPR radio.
It's a sickening feeling.
“It’s no costume, Pricklewood, I’m the real McCoy.” I then got down onto the carpet, grasped the feet of the armchair with my toes and lifted it off the ground. “How many humans do you know who can do that?” I asked.
Ed Switenky, manager of traffic engineering and operations, couldn't comment on any short-term improvements the city might be able to make to Governor's Road - in light of last week's accident.
And I very much doubt if it will end there. Because of all the foregoing factors, and the immediate crisis Murdoch faces, BSkyB’s movers know that he must do this deal….or wind up in very bad shape as a business. There may also come a point at which BSkyB find Murdoch himself simply too toxic to have as a buyer anyway.
Well, I'm off to clean up my craft space since it's a mess after working on my projects for this fun hop! Have a wonderful week everyone and I hope to have a project or two to share very soon! Until next time, take care!
Almighty and everlasting God, by whose Spirit the whole body of your faithful people is governed and sanctified: Receive our supplications and prayers which we offer before you for all members of your holy Church, that in their vocation and ministry they may truly and devoutly serve you; through our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen.
Complaining and repeating everything we already know every day will do you no good if you do not even have a dog as an early warning system or you allow your daughters to go gallivanting in the streets at night.
1/3 cup tomato paste
How many times have you heard someone say that so-and-so is too nice to tell the person they’re seeing that they want to call it quits, too nice to address unfair working conditions with their employer or too nice to ask someone to stop using that seat on the subway as a foot stool? There certainly are people who are soft-spoken and decidedly non-confrontational. But that doesn’t mean they’re nicer relative to everyone else. It’s just their personality. You can be assertive, honest and even outspoken and still be a very nice person.
Hmmm... In terms of traditional instruments we have things like a zither, a euphonium and a harmonium in there and I think a nose flute made it to the finished mix too. But I'm no Harry Partch or even Thomas Truax come to that. Life's hard enough. Having said that, I wouldn't mind having a bash on Truax's Mother Superior!
could be added to the gallery wall.
3 T ketchup
On The Lovin’ People, he has the benefit of a good backing band consisting of Pretty Purdie on drums, Artie Butler on organ & piano, and Joe Mack and Bill Salter on bass. The band, who play both loose and funky without ever sounding sloppy, helped produce a more laid back vibe and Chandler sounds more relaxed than he did on the earlier album. He has some better songs on this one, too, such as the title cut warm, poppy number about...well, “Lovin’ People,” on which the presence of a chorus (made up on the spot of people who had gathered to provide assistance to a mothers’ help organization) also helps temper Chandler’s unfortunate tendency towards over-earnestness. “The Naked Fool” is about a relationship gone bad, which doesn’t have anything new to say but will have a few toes tapping. “Sold Out, No More Reservations” is an interesting number about a male groupie, and “Bound to Fly” has a nice soaring quality, and Chandler’s lyrics and delivery mesh well on it. If anything the problem here is that Chandler is sometimes eclipsed by his backing band—check “Behind Your Eyes” where the band goes off on some nice free jazz-psychedelic tangents while Chandler seems to be trying to channel Sammy Davis, Jr.
I was worried I wasn’t going to like this. And not because I have an unhealthy love of comic book heroes and unrealistic expectations. No, I was worried because it seems the 98% of people I know had already seen it and enjoyed it. Even the wife. Thus, wading in with an opinion of ‘pfft…shite’ would prove about as popular as punching a kitten in the face. But in the end the fears proved unfounded as I really did like it.
Whether you’re looking at investing in residential, commercial or industrial property, the Urban Redevelopment Authority’s (URA) area planning and guidelines will have a long-term impact on your property’s values.
Thus began my frantic sprint down the corridor, pulling my reluctant suitcase as it bobbed off of anything in its path.
Other stars making the magazine’s 2011 Sexiest Women Alive list include model-turned-actress Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, jazz artist Esperanza Spalding, ‘Friends With Benefits’ star Mila Kunis, ‘The Help’ actress Emma Stone and singer Beyonce.
Ah, Parga. How many times have we sat in Paxos, looking across at the mainland at night seeing twinkling lights in the far distance? How many times have we wondered just what was it like over there? Well now we know. Unfortunately the place with the twinkling lights was not Parga but some other little community. We got it wrong. Parga was on the itinerary anyway. We concluded it was not worth the detour; two resort-y bays separated by an ancient Turkish fort on a steep hill and a cluster of souvenir shops, tavernas and restaurants. The marina was unwelcoming - we moored alongside a rusting, capsized ferry - and the trudge to buy some provisions took us along a neglected rubbish strewn track. Thomas would not leave the boat for fear we were robbed. But hey! Pull up the gangplank, crack open a beer and experiment with cooking in the galley.
M. Blakeman Ingle
I napped after studio class tonight. Andrew and I were up really late last night, despite going to bed at a somewhat decent time. We ended up talking to each other for about an hour and a half to two hours just about our lives and what was going on and stuff like that. It was a very nice talk, but it made me tired for today, which explains why I’m still awake now. But don’t worry…I’ll be getting to bed shortly, right after I shower.
Outsell spoke to us about the changes going on in education specifically in the development of custom textbooks.
Actually, this April 15, 1912, headline was based on preliminary news and was in error. The final tally shows that 1,513 lives were lost in the sinking of the Titanic, and there were only 711 survivors.
the autumn rains in righteousness.
Smokers I have little sympathy for – you made that decision, in the face of all the evidence that it’s not just seriously harmful to you, but to everyone around you, so I’m sorry, but you get to live with the consequences. And had I not lived, worked and socialised among smokers for most of my life, until the ban, I wouldn’t be anywhere near as ill as I am now, so sympathy is in very short supply.
I’ll wear pajamas and give up pajahmas.
I found myself chuckling out loud enough that the wife banished me to the easy chair in the living room at night (can't read this one in bed). I'd get up to get another soft drink and find that I had a big grin on my face.
- Food and drink disliking. I’m not really sure what the correct term is for this, but I developed a dislike for almost all of the foods that I once liked, and couldn’t drink fizzy pop at all! I think I may have literally lived on pickled onion space raiders and fruit juice for the entire first trimester…and possibly a lot of the second.
I recently tried a super fabulous restaurant that you MUST MUST try. I usually don't give restaurant recommendations, so trust me on this one. I decided to go down to South Norwalk and check out The SoNo Baking Company and Cafe that Martha Stewart is always yammering on about on Martha. This tiny hidden jewel was started by John Barricelli, who works for Martha and also hosts Everyday Baking on PBS. It is Fa. Bu. Lous. Seriously, that good. We had lunch and I tried a Cobb Salad that elevated the usual blah salad to a culinary masterpiece. I sat at the counter in front of a huge glass window and watched people roll out chocolate croissants with a vintage roller while I ate. (If you are a big geek, that is a huge thrill.) At one point in the meal, I actually saw John Barricelli through the glass instructing one of the bakers on how to place the chocolate chunks perfectly in the croissant. I considered banging on the glass to blow kisses and get my photo taken with him but I decided I had done that enough recently with both her and her, so I decided to play it cool and just eat my lunch quietly. I also brought home a huge selection of pastries and enjoyed every single one (in the name of research, not gluttony, mind you). John is coming out with a cookbook in early March. You can be a geek like me and pre-order your copy on Amazon today. The cafe is located right near the South Norwalk Aquarium and makes a good drive on a cold winter's day.
Sphere: V = 4/3
I’m sad you can’t be with us but we know you’ll be watching. I don’t know if you ever got to eat at Longhorn or not but I hear they cook a really mean steak.
Rm25
Of course it goes without saying that all the music above would probably have been familiar to Gardel's audience, too. But it's not that widely known here. It's not difficult or inaccessible music, but it's not a routine part of the popular culture in the same way that it would have been when Gardel was playing El dia que mi quieras, or even as it was when my grandmother's relations were making their own entertainment in Australia with performances of Bizet's Au fond du temple saint.
Oh yeah! Last year I was really Spicin' Things Up in the Kitchen! It was Hot Hot! Nope, the hubs and I weren't getting all romantical, we were installing tin into our cabinet for our spices! Get your heads out of the gutter!!
So …
We talked for a few minutes, and I thanked the secretaries for taking care of my son, and I suggested we go home. My son aggreed and said thank you to the secretaries and placed a death grip on my hand and didn't let go all the way to the parking lot.
In shrouds of words,
“Hell is larger today than it was yesterday, because many of us have failed to pray.”–David Smithers
BRAAMFONTEIN: Johannesburg Theatre manager Rulov Senekal (67) murdered in his apartment by two black attackers.
Valentines Day falls on February 14th each year. It is a holiday in which lovers express said love for each other, traditionally with flowers, candle lit dinners, heart shaped things, chocolate and greeting cards. The first Valentines cards were hand written but over time have made way for more mass produced greetings. These cards, for the most part, depict images of hearts, cupids and love struck victims.
Nicholas Ridley agreed with the Act of Supremacy, supporting Henry’s action. He became the king’s chaplain and later, in the time of Edward VI, he was Bishop of Rochester. He helped to write the Book of Common Prayer. He became Bishop of London and worked to improve the conditions of the poor.
Even if you don’t like the so called “screwball comedy”, that some critic also called “sex comedy without sex”, whose Trouble in Paradise gives a perfect example, you could enjoy two things from this movie: the typical Art Deco interior design (in Mme Colet house) and the beautiful gowns designed by Travis Banton (one of the most famous 1930 costume Designer) that show at its best this period style.
Tomorrow only! May 2, 2012 bride bikini is offering our amazing customers a 5% discount off your entire purchase!!!
A 1 inch chunk of fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated
Never Did No Wanderin' by The Folksmen
“Yes,” he said. “Maybe a puppet, or a special toy, or maybe just a stuffed animal you loved very much. Did you have a special friend like that, Tom?”
In 1926, Anatol Josepho opened the first photo booth in New York City and it took Gotham by storm. Up to 7,500 people a day payed 25 cents ($3 in today's funds) to receive eight miniature images of themselves.
You die?
Didn’t quite make church Sunday morning. Sleeping right up to check out causes a bit of a mad rush to get up and get out.
Outfit Specs: Click piccy to be taken to it's flickr page for more information.
Economists said the cut was an admission by the RBA that it had misread the economy over recent months, failing to recognize that despite a record mining-investment boom the vast bulk of the economy is experiencing near-recessionary conditions.
When PC came out with the "Love You a Latte" Lite Cartridge I knew I had to have it!
How can you start your day any other way than happy with that face wanting to cuddle with you first thing?
hold, to not let go
So our prayer for today goes like this:
Roughly a week later, my sister and her ever-expanding family drove in from Alaska and picked me up, and then we all headed on to Alvin, Texas, once a happy place where a son would be reunited with his father, but now a haunted little town where ghosts of memories reared their teeth at every turn. We pulled into the driveway at dusk, greeted by my stepmother and stepbrother, both of who appeared to be much stronger than me.
(Tight finish between Neptune Collonges (grey with yellow silks) and Sunnyhillboy (bay with green and gold hooped silks) in the National)
Origin: Middle English: from Old French joie, based on Latin gaudium, from gaudere ‘rejoice’
And that is where we changed from being social beings amongst each other to digital social addicts.
Whew, there is much talk lately about rising fares due to increased fuel surcharges.
02 - It's All Over Now 04:01
The product is a milky white liquid that applies like emulsion, not too creamy and thick, but not like water (or jelly) either. After spreading it out on your face, it dries within a few minutes. After which the fun begins! According to the SA, after it dries, you start rubbing it like you’re trying to rub dirt off your face, until you rub off most of it. If required, wash off the remaining with lukewarm water. So I started rubbing and it actually takes quite a bit of effort to rub it all off! It comes off in little bits like you’re rubbing off a layer of your skin.
(2 Corinthians 10:5).
Humans have strong muscles in the legs and would need swim fins (like a frog) to bring all their power into the water and stand with the sole of the feet on the water. Rather the leg grabs almost as much water as the foot and a small amount of water is accelerated to high kinetic energy, but not much impulse is transferred. The toes are bent, the feet point 45° outwards, the sole points backwards, to mimic a hydrofoil. While closing in a V shape to the rear a small “lifting” force can be felt. Unlike in the other kicks, the joints are moved into extrema. Before the kick the knee is maximally bent and the upper leg is rotating along its axis to its extreme outer position and the lower leg is twisted to extreme, at the end of the kick the ankles are maximally turned to the inside so that the soles clap together to achieve a nozzle effect like in a jelly fish. Therefore training involves getting flexible in addition to fitness and precision.
I have mixed emotions about the start to this book. As I’ve already mentioned I very much enjoyed the characters and the voice of the protagonist. But as much as I was enjoying it, it took me a little while to get into the story. We’re presented with a huge case of insta-love right from the start. Lucas, the mysterious and hot new neighbor, comes on strong. I’m pretty sure they start making out on their second or third meeting! I’m warning you now. There’s not a lot of rationalization for the insta-love…you won’t really understand the reasons until the end of the book. Which is why, in retrospect, I kinda like that I had to wait for all of the info to be revealed.
"If I could keep you little,
Jethro responded, “What you are doing is not good. You and these people who come to you will only wear yourselves out.” Moses was the bottleneck of a system that was broken and creating dysfunction, wasting time, and wearing everyone out.
After catching a cab to dinner at Boon Tong Kee (post to come shortly), a restaurant recommended by my uncle - also a foodie! :) - we dragged ourselves back onto the HiPPO boat for one last ride, to capture the nighttime experience and views.
Sometimes, I just want to read a book. It’s kinda like Freud said, “sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.” Well in my case, sometimes I just need to read an actual hard or soft cover book, feel the paper against my fingers, smell the newness or musty oldness. If it’s a new book, there is something quite satisfying about being the first one to crack it open. I love to turn the pages, hear the crinkle and switch as my fingers brush against the paper.
I attended more funerals before age 20 than most people, other than a pastor will attend in their lifetime. Why I was not one of them, only God can tell. He has the final say and fortunately, He now holds the pen.
C.A.T. is looking for more pictures of cute animals with their tongues sticking out. Email cuteanimaltongues at gmail dot com with yours!
And there you have it – something which can’t be ignored
It was not as though she had never sliced bread before, but I remembered only too well what happened the last time. Certain women should not be allowed near sharpened blades, especially those with a well-developed feeling of disgruntlement towards their nearest and – formerly – dearest.
I first came across these beautiful patterns by artist Paula Vaughan in the mid-1990s. Traditional style quilts thrown over vintage chairs, vases overflowing with armfuls of wildflowers, and the loveliest dresses from a bygone age.
individually and as a band in the studio, along with interviews
to do this in remembrance of Him. Luke 22:19
I think I did three sets of revisions in the end. The first involved clarifying the plot. I kept moving away from the main thread and rambling in different directions. Once I’d mastered that I had to switch some chapters round and cut some bits out then work a little on the dialogue. Plotting has been the most difficult part of writing so far. But through writing Shine, I studied plot hard, learned a lot and with my second book, Glitter, due out on Sept. 2nd, I had one small amount of editing to do. I kept waiting for Rachel to send the MS back with more to do when I discovered it was already with the copyeditor!
DaVinci Gourmet Vanilla Classic Syrup - Before I opened the bottle I knew I was going to like it. You see vanilla is one of my favorite flavors, as it can be used so many different ways! I chose to add some to my french toast along with some cinnamon. I only used a tad bit but the vanilla syrup gave it a much need pick me up as it danced across my palette. You can even add a tad bit to your whip cream and whip it together to make fluffy tasty whip cream that you could only dream of , well that was until now!
with me and will not let go.
Frightful's Daughter Meets the Baron Weasel (2007) - Picture Book
Spanish Omelettes are delicious enough by themselves but they are lovely with salad to accompany them to add an attractive finishing touch !!!
Caroline Saunders (Lab) 1,142
Use a pan or kettle to capture the water you run while waiting for warm water to arrive at the faucet. The captured water can be used for other washing purposes.
Her father smiled. "They take just a tiny bit of your qi, your soul energy, when you're initiated and at various other points during your time there. I don't know how, but they make gold from it."
Len Woodbyrne & Joe O’Reilly development at95-97 Francis Street, Dublin8 (central Dublin) has a range of apartments on offer
The City Council prefers to manage the council housing instead of an Arms Length Management Organisation in order to “save money by not having a separate organisation”.
This stuff is actually happening. It’s threatening our survival. And it’s not just the environment. And I’m writing it to know that, among the peaceful: you are not crazy for thinking that we are approaching a turning point in our country where the realities of decades of profit-over-all-else mentality are becoming not just undeniable, but are confronting us in our day to day lives in ways we did not think was possible in a country that now seems, in retrospect, to have been the least Western, least democratically-minded country to be considered so. And that turning point might require widespread civil disobedience, in the name of the environmental and economic survival of our country and our people (as well, of course, as the vast masses like us all around the world, in other countries).
Sound Designer, Electronic, Experimental, Audiovisual, and Multimedia Artist, with emphasis on Film/T.V and visual mediums. Craig Brown aka Sounda is a former Performance Artist with work featured within Compilation CDs, and tracks licensed for film and TV, just to name a few. My experience with the paranormal and connections to the cosmos, inspired a lot of my work. My goals include pushing the limit of Art through Sound and Music and establishing a strong foundation with my contribution in Film and TV. Favorite Lyric: You are just another brick in the wall by Pink Floyd Activities and Thoughts: Flying, stargazing, battling supernatural forces. There is no such thing as silence, silence has a sound. I am trying to figure out what lies within the 11th Dimension. I wonder if the beautiful ring planet is ready to take me back. Craft:
There came a point, maybe three years into that, where I began to realise I'd have to have another go at a novel. Giant Thief didn't originate with any one story, but it did come out of not wanting to make the mistakes I'd made with my first attempt at novel writing. I was writing one or two short stories a month, and I didn't want to lose that pace. So it had to be something fast-paced, fun, not too convoluted. Something I could throw myself into and just keep moving with.
I decided to get creative with the leftovers of the rainbow cake... instead of doing the mini cupcake rainbow I had planned. It worked out SO well and I don't think it turned out too bad.
At the back of the shop there is a little cafe which is the pretence of this post- the menu is pretty simple, just fry ups (£3.50) sandwiches (around £1.50) and jacket potatoes (around £2). I had a tuna mayo salad and a latte which came to a grand total of £3.50.
anyway, i digress. we’ve got a bed, a sofa, a washing machine – all the important things, really. and the furniture for the baby room comes tomorrow morning. which is good since come next week, i could literally go into labor at any moment. though, i really hope he’ll wait for a little bit. a couple weeks at least. we’re not quite ready yet (though not sure if we will be in a few weeks, either).
I wrote you a love haiku
Sunday the festivities continued. I went BACK to Shadowbox to see Back to the Garden again. (Told ya I love that place). Then after that was over, I had to work at the store. It was Survivor finale night, and we do a special Survivor crop each season, so I had to go host that.
He grabs my arm and yanks me around to face him. I slam into his chest with a thud that jars my bones and knocks the fight right out of me. I stumble back, away from him, and fold my arms across my chest to cover the logo of Sam’s sweatshirt.
1 Beauty Contest
Fox: DUDE ARE YOU FRIGGING KIDDING ME??? IF YOU DON’T DO THIS, THEN I WILL F*****G CASTRATE YOU! THEN YOU WONT HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT ANY LOVE LIFE.
Just go away.
bunny drop Complete Series Premium Edition
Southern Tier Brewing Company Choklat (Imperial Stout)
In reporting on activities to Chloe, I invented the chick-flick scale, my very own movie rating system. Instead of stars, chick flicks get 1 to 4 hearts (of course). Here are mini reviews of the movies I've watched this past week or so.
To see all the PACA (Provence Alpes Côte d'Azur) Michelin rankings, go here:
Alyssa is now 10 and has been busy with Volleyball, Girlscouts, and Sunday School. It seems like we are always running with her somewhere. She was struggling in reading in school a few months back, and was put into special reading help class; which was in turn taking time away from her math time and causing her to struggle in math; but she has now caught up with her reading, and has turned her math skills around as well. Conferences are just around the corner, and we have high hopes for her. We repainted her room for her last Birthday and gave her all new bedding and furniture. She has more things in her room, than time to play with the stuff...but what kid doesn't I guess.We don't get to see her as much as we would like to, but we cherish the time we do get with her. We have a lot of fun things planned to do with her on the weekends we have with her, let's hope we don't wear her out!
The concept of the King's Peace first appeared during the reign of Richard I in 1195. Peace was henceforth to be seen as the responsibility of the king, and its breach required that the culpable parties be answerable to him. During the reign of Edward III in 1361, Justices of the Peace were appointed for the first time. The Crown, in effect, was claiming a monopoly on violence in the realm, and appointing officials to enforce it.
The black sports coat, white button-up shirt, khaki slacks, and leather loafers he wore were all tailored and very expensive giving the impression of him being some sort of major player in the world trying to lay low and relax. It was a thought that Peter was beginning to believe more and more about himself as his sales numbers rocketed into orbit.
After the war memorial, and Northwood Station, we turned right just after St Helen's School towards Northwood Hills. My two South London colleagues were pleased that there actually was a hill. We were surprised at the number of closed-down shops in this apparently affluent area, but the William Jolle pub still seemed to be thriving. (Because it is a Wetherspoons establishment, I can tell you that he was a local 14th century resident) The former pub opposite had, however, metamorphosed into the Namaste Lounge.
Craft beer pubs blog post is on the back burner - I really wanted to get the next blog out there while the fire burns bright in my heart about it
2% Crystal 40
The only not-so-fabulous part was that as I was getting the monkeys in the tub, I started to sneeze. And feel drippy and tickly. Sure signs of an end-of-summer cold. Bluck. I feel icky this morning, but have too much to do to be sick. So I am refusing to succumb to my desire to plop on the couch and sniff all day. I am hoping sheer will alone will heal me :)
Dear Heavenly Father, I thank You for teaching me to prayer earnest, heartfelt and continued prayers. As I spend time to pray like this today, Your divine power is manifested, changes are effected, and circumstances in my life are changed, in Jesus Christ Name I pray! Amen!
Last week, he was so worked up about some things that were not actually real. He laid down in his bed and kept going over and over them with me. I told him he just needed to relax, that he didn't need to worry so much. He is being so well cared for. He gave me the silent soul searching steel blue stare, softly grabbed my hand, and said, "I'll always remember you."
Allow to rest 2 minutes on cookie sheet before transferring cookies to a cooling rack.
From Peru, we flew to Ecuador and then on to the wedding. After the celebrations, we were off to Hawaii, for a much needed relaxing beach holiday, after which we did a wonderful cruise of The Great Barrier Reef, before flying home via Singapore. What a great trip that was, and one day I’ll put some more photos up for you to see.
I gave Nick S a call before I got there and he told me that Tim CC was on his way up to get it, so I did a quick pass 500′ over a couple of pilots on takeoff, then headed back over Aber.
This race is a top-notch way to break into the triple digits for the first time. That’s why I keep coming back and I always bring others with me. The volunteers are wonderful. The food and support system is exceptional. And the race direction is flawlessly efficient. Joe Prusaitis certainly knows how to put on a quality event! Those of us that stuck around for the award ceremony brought home a special Texas Trinket for being one of the most interesting out-of-town groups.
Night by night
Stay tuned for some more quilting posts coming soon.
The company are introducing an internal ‘carbon price’ to encourage their individual business arms to become more responsible for the costs of offsetting their emissions.
Remove squash from oven and arrange on bed of greens with goat cheese and prosciutto. Dress to your liking.
Morgan Tsvangirai, the Zimbabwean prime minister, on the other hand has given up a presidency in order to avoid violence continuing against his constituents.
in her hair
When it comes to making my own salsas at home, I've often limited myself to making the usual salsas that involve fresh tomatoes, fresh jalapenos, an onion, some cilantro and a bit of lime juice... or pico de gallo. And from time to time, I may make the salsa verde, guacamole, or the black bean and corn salsa.... even the quick, budget-friendly avocado sauce. They are all excellent. But recently I managed to make 2 different salsas, opening the door to a new way of making salsa for me... using various chiles to add depth and flavor.
& Kalabokisio (Corn Puree)
Often I think she doesn't even hear the words. She just gets up and invites the music to take over her body.
3/4 C Dairy Free, Soy-Free Vegetable Shortening (we use Spectrum)
That’s why there’s cache. Cache-memory access is almost as fast as register access, but you can have a lot of cache memory—comparatively. L1 caches typically have 32 or 64Kbyte capacities and often there are independent caches for instructions and data. Caches take a huge load off main memory, relieving the pressure to speed up main-memory access.
“When one has seen one house he has seen them all, the same everlasting high stoops and gloomy brown-stone fronts, the same number of holes punched in exactly the same places,” Osman quotes a late 19th century writer as lamenting. “The new brownstone and trolley grid inspired 19th century eulogies for a real and imagined agricultural landscape,” Osman writes.
Anyway, Howl is the dashing wizard that Sophie fell in love with. He was self-absorbed. In the movie it was said that Howl’s heart was young and immature (something like that). At first he wasn’t capable of loving anyone. I guess to be able to understand the film, we have to understand Howl’s relationship with Calcifer.
Here’s a great way to use both eggs and leftover noodles for a satisfying dish. Paula Super, of Merrimack, writes:
You think your school's scary?
The message of Journey of the Universe shows how we are not just a part of this astonishing process, we are at the very edge of evolution, a primate species that has found in its language and symbols the power to take over the very evolutionary process itself. But this control that we now exercise comes with a responsibility; and viewers of Journey of the Universe will not only be imbued with a sense of astonishment at all that has taken place, they will also come to feel the excitement in learning that now we live in a time when the human species is being asked to play a central role in activating the flourishing powers of Earth’s living systems.
They are both chunky knits and were a complete bargain-the green was £1 and the multi colour knit was £2!! The charity shops have now started putting out their winter stocks so using these knits as inspiration, why don't you go and hunt down a stylish cosy bargain for much less than the high street or designer versions?
Skully was struggling to breath at this point, shaking and pawing his head, gagging and his eyes reflected his fear. Poor little guy! He was also snapping his teeth, tryin' to dislodge the jerky.
“unchanged to previous positions” – if repeatedly unchanged, then psychological / biased
Freddie did spend some time in Vietnam too; I think he told us he used to make maps there. But we never pushed it because who knew if he would “Freak out” about it. And Freddie knew just about everything you know, politics, art, religion, history, philosophy, and most important, Brooklyn.
you would think this man who is only one step above
Again, I’ve just begun working on what Mr. Licata told me and I’ll post more later but if its true, it would make a great book: corrupt lawyers, bribed judges and completely crooked bankers engaging in mortgage fraud and outright theft. Real estate slows down from about the end of May and won’t really resume until September so maybe I’ll devote some of that free time to writing this up – it’s got the ingredients for a great tale.
I was recently given the assignment to select one word that describes me and write about it. At first this sounded so simple, but in my usual fashion I spent a little too much time dwelling over it. I wear many badges. I am a wife, a mother, a daughter, a teacher, a friend....you get my point. The word that returned to me most often and a word I've never used to describe myself was pray-er, a person that prays. I questioned if it was really a word...it is...I looked it up. It is seldom used, but it is a word.
It's official, I made the 2012 Spellbinders team. It's been an amazing year and I am so glad that it doesn't have to end. I love this company, their products, their values, and the people who make Spellbinders what it is.
Or at least, the US does. Why don’t things like this exist? Adults like to have fun as much as kids do, although maybe the urge to play has either died down naturally or been repressed by responsibilities. Playgrounds are a great way for kids to run, jump, and get some exercise while enjoying themselves, but what like that exists for adults? If you want fun, it’s usually either expensive or relatively sedentary like walking or hiking. If you want cheap exercise … lace up those running shoes. (And I don’t deny that some people gain enjoyment from running, but I sure don’t.)
And the paint. I have read every blog and article on the web that discusses painting cabinets and I tried something completely different from what I had read. Have you seen those commercials for Behr "He is painting while he primes. She is priming while she paints?" I went for the premium primer included stuff from Home Depot. The black color is Behr Beluga. I painted 3 coats, sanding lightly between each one. I didn't remove the doors but I easily could (and probably should) have. I decided to distress them. This my husband wasn't too thrilled about but I know how my kids and their stool had already distressed them over the years so I figured I would save myself the headache and heartache and have them start distressed. I hit it several places with the sander and then used a darker tinted glaze (some watered down acrylic craft paint) over the sanded spots to darken up the distressed areas.
I’m pretty late to the LCD Soundsystem party (a great oversight on my part), but thankfully rectified with Mr James Murphy’s third (and final?) outing of liquid crystal disco. It sounds effortlessly cool, but there’s so much going on, it’s just plain fun to listen to, dance to and do just about anything to – be it the washing up, filling out an application form or being attacked by PANDUHS!
Furioso dreadnought
During this time, peaceful occupiers have been faced with continual harassment arrests, almost invariably on fabricated charges (“disorderly conduct,” “interfering with the conduct of a police officer”—the latter a charge that can be leveled, for instance, against those who try to twist out of the way when an officer is hitting them.) I have seen one protestor at Union Square arrested, by four officers using considerable force, for sitting on the ground to pet a dog; another, for wrapping a blanket around herself (neither were given warnings; but both behaviors were considered too close to “camping”); a third, an ex-Marine, for using obscene language on the Federal steps. Others were reportedly arrested on those same steps for singing a satirical version of the “Officer Krumpke” song from West Side Story. Almost no march goes by without one or two protestors, at least, being hurled against vehicles or have their heads bashed against the ground while being arrested for straying off the sidewalk. The message here is clear. Law has nothing to do with it. Anyone who engages in Occupy Wall Street-related activity should know they can be arrested, for virtually any reason, at any time.
6. Meyerman - Who Do You Think You Are?
I'm a voracious reader. Always have been. As a teenager, my parents ended up having to hide my books so I would get my chores done because I would spend every chance I got reading. It didn't really change when I had a family, except no one had to hide my books so I'd get my chores done. :P
Schumann – Spanische Liebeslieder, op.138, nos 4 and 9
I'm in the process of building out an entire enchanted forest in one inch scale as part of my set for the Myrtle short film. Trees complete with faces and jelly jars hanging from the branches filled with fireflies / will o' the wisps. It's starting to look pretty good and I'm pleased with how the glass jars light up. They're all hand-blown glass and less than 1 cm in height. So like me, this project is pretty teeny.
Cole then settled in Memphis. His son Victor Cole, Jr., a product of a local Memphis high school, signed on to play in 2013 for the University of Memphis, according to The Memphis Commercial Appeal.
Data-mining programs will provide these abusers of power with powerful tools for creating enemies lists, and for targeting them, as described in EFAD. Social media networks are already under intensive federal scrutiny. This year, it is ostensibly to track down undefined terrorist threats. But social media, so popular today, must be understood as a two-edged sword. The same social media that facilitated the Arab Spring, today brings the secret police of Syria, Egypt, Iran, Saudi Arabia and other nations to the doors of obscure bloggers hidden in tiny apartments, to drag them away to secret torture cells.
I was walking back from my girlfriend’s house through Park South, a notoriously run-down area of Swindon, riddled with unemployment, anti-social behaviour and crime. It’s not the area of Swindon I normally associate with a ‘passion for politics’, but as I crossed the water logged field I saw a purple and yellow glow from a window. ‘VOTE UKIP’. Wait, what? – This took me by surprise, Park South has always been a Labour stronghold, we have all seen it in the media that the ‘smaller’ parties are going to do well tomorrow, but this really hit home for me. It’s bitter-sweet.
Adapted from Laurie and Sharon's book Mom...And Loving It!
Simon Field / five from Gordon Belgrave / 57-61
Due to the nature of my job (raising children) I find my cleaning standards have slipped somewhat. After a day spent washing up, sweeping food off the kitchen floor, wiping all the surfaces, picking up toys and random objects up off every floor in the house, cooking, looking after my kids, making beds, and hanging washing out, seventeen times over, I have no remaining energy to do any actual cleaning.
POSTED BY MIKE SMITH AT 9:38 AM 1 COMMENTS
But wait, broadcast industry opponents say. Aren’t broadcasters the rich and powerful few disenfranchising the rest of the country from having ubiquitous wireless broadband? Only they won’t say it quite like that, but the point is worth examining. Just 10 to 15 percent of U.S. households rely exclusively on over-the-air television. There is some evidence of cord-cutting–i.e., people ditching pay service for free TV–but not to the extent to suggest that ratio will double anytime soon. And we don’t know much yet about the adoption rate of mobile over-the-air TV because where is it already?
Our system is broken. Government serves the interest of big business and big business only serves the interest of a very few, wealthy elites. It’s time to make our economy and our politics work for working people.
One of the things that he taught was this;
Now I feel that I wasted my life, how I repent
I was nervous about reading this passage. It's pretty emotional. That's some crazy brutality, you know? They aren't dying fast enough as they slowly suffocate on a cross where they are hanging by their hands and feet so let's break their legs so they die faster. Oh- he's already dead so let's put a gash in his side so that he bleeds.
This time FVK provides brilliant material soundwise and musicwise. This is still weird narcotic hard core punk delivered with conviction and energy, probably their best recording so far.
Was hoping I would only have to beat cancer once, but the disease continues to foolishly pick on the wrong guy.
I've got to admit that I didn't know the Norfolk Broads was water, for some reason I just imagined it being fields. We learned little bits about it along the way, like they're man-made, but I did a bit more research here and have learned that the Broads is now the UK's largest nationally protected wetland. They are a man-made creation, formed when people dug for peat! Who knew?
“I don’t think that is the best way for having these changes. I don’t know on what basis they are going to charge us. The best option is dialogue,” said Asfaw Dingamo, Ethiopia’s minister of water resources.
I rode from my house to RC1's house and when I was just about there I came to a place in the trail where it stopped suddenly with friendly 'no trespassing' signs suggesting that I find another route. Instead, I picked up my bike and crossed the rail road tracks anyway. That experience loosely parallels my week. Pushing forward, creating my own path... That or a silly rummycube analogy about switching around the tiles until they fit just right. I like thinking in metaphor.
The juices today were the best yet. Breakfast was like a chilled, spiced carrot soup and lunch was like a thin salsa. Plus I had the Chocolate Nut Milk again for dinner because it was so enjoyable last night.
My legs tight until
Vacuum all carpeted areas and clean all other floors. Pull the couches away from the walls and get behind there. Every second week, remove the cushions and vacuum the inside of the couch on this day.
Earlier this week, the German small business foundation filed a criminal lawsuit against the Bundesbank, accusing the board of disguising the true scale of risk born by German citizens. If they knew all that Geli wants to sign them up for, the entire nation would have a fit of the vapours.
When I'm getting something off the amazon website, I select 'Download to PC' and then manually drag it onto my device to bypass their updates.
and is setting up shop at
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHA
they have cancer. It is important for these women to be
The morning was HARSH. Anytime I completely lose it to that extent (see yesterdays posts), I always wake up feeling like I got ran over by a semi-truck. My body did NOT want to move and I hurt SO bad. I was late getting DD to school, but I got her there. And from that point on……I’m pretty sure Hell froze over.
The wisdom of the world is still foolish today. One of the great discussion topics of our age is how we get to heaven. The pervasive world view is that everybody will get there some day depending on what you’re looking for. The world’s view claims it doesn’t matter which path you follow to get there. Many in the world’s intellectual and scientific communities believe heaven and hell don’t even exist. We who are being saved, however, know that Jesus would not have gone to the cross if He did not know there was something beyond this world. Those of us who are being saved also know human wisdom costs a person everything, but Godly wisdom affords us everything.
Devising what the day might bring:
i really liked this outfit because it was comfortable and good for running errands but still had that touch of style and fashion with it.
2010.08.27 Iraq Shurqat 3 3 A suspected al-Qaeda attack leaves three dead.
We’ll have faith because we’re clean — not just because of what Jesus did — but because we lived in Him, righteous, by His grace we overcame. We didn’t shrink back. We made sure that we stayed right with Him. We’re supposed to walk like Jesus walked. We can’t just do our own thing and think it’s okay because of some formula. “Without holiness, no man will see God.”
For an additional chance(s) to win:
entered her room with bouquet
Jen, who said
We have invented self-flushing toilets, self flowing faucets, instant hot water dispensers. Even my cat relies on all these things, like her automatic feeders! I fill these contraptions once a week, and automatically, with a paw- up into it, pellets drop in in just the right amount. She uses a cat litter with self-absorption-odor absorption qualities unequaled in history.We have invented so many devices, and machines, and applications to machines, machines that replace machines, that we no longer have to lift ourselves out of bed.
First, choose your background colour or paper. For my card, I chose a Robins Egg paper from Echo Park's Springtime Paper Pack No 1. Resize the paper according to the size of your project, then import your digital stamp:
This blog, prior to any changes
So although I didn’t have much technology at home I was getting pushed into it at school..
Similarly, the new ‘code of conduct’ says women should not travel without a male companion and they should not mingle with men in places like schools, markets or offices.
Of course, there’s a moral to this tale ~ a little piece of wisdom that you can apply to your own stay in the transitional zone of Veterans Campus. And that moral is: if you don’t like the roommate you got now, don’t worry. Be happy. You’ll get along just fine, sooner or later, like Davy Crockett & Paragon did ~ Paragon, that poor old rattlesnake with the negative aura so thick around him that it was downright impossible for him to see through it.
Armadillo came about because I wanted to see more review space for children's books. Barn Owl because Ann, an ex-teacher, believed passionately that good children's books went out of print all too soon in a market increasingly interested only in quick and plentiful sales. It's even worse now but none of us knew that at the time.
2. Gauge'n her ears out. I am presently wearing what appear to be large stainless steel curlicue fish hooks though each earlobe and while I don't recall the exact gauge they are about as big around as a common framing nail. They look wicked cool and divert attention away from the fact that I am 50, and dye my hair. Seriously. It works.
それじゃ～～ Pardon me for the short post. I have to go back to work for now.
~ heehee ~
Pendragon: Since your birth.
Twice a week she will go over to a school near our house and work with the specialist. They can increase it or decrease it, if needed. The lady who does it, is a member we know from our local pool, so that was nice seeing a friendly face. She told me I look just like Betty Draper from Mad Men. This made me laugh, and I felt the need to tell her I didn't drink or smoke while pregnant with Emily, like Betty did. This lady can be my BFF though for thinking I look like her though.
Michael helped me hold up the arches while I drilled in a few pilot holes and some dry wall screws. It's a good idea to really get those screws in flush with the MDF or even counter-sunk so you can't see them later. We installed the flat trim in the same way.
The sun which changed to snow over night left residents unprepared with how to get to work and doing there day to day things.
This is highly negative in nature and has some deadly impacts on married life.If a human gets married to another with Manglik dosh then the Manglik Dosh of partner will surely effect other's life.It has a single solution which is known as "Kumbh Vivah". This is the only way which can end this Dosh and may give prosperity to both Bride and Groom even if one has Major Manglik Dosh.
Sour cream for garnish
“The church she requested to attend is 180 degrees different from the ramblings of that hell, fire and brimstone preacher,” said Parnham. “She would just like to get back into a stable church whereby God and Christianity become a role in her life. There’s nothing nefarious about that.”
Baby Don't Tear My Clothes by The Raunch Hands
1 pear, cored, and cut into large cubes
Today I’ve been thinking about sentences and how to mangle them.
Mr. Requiro has soloed with the Tokyo Philharmonic, National Symphony Orchestra, Seattle Symphony, and and other orchestras across the U.S. His Carnegie Hall debut recital at Weill Hall was followed by a critically acclaimed San Francisco Performances recital at the Herbst Theatre. Soon after making his Kennedy Center debut, Mr. Requiro also completed the cycle of Beethoven’s Sonatas for Piano and Cello at the Phillips Collection in Washington, D.C. Actively involved in contemporary music, he has collaborated with composers Krzysztof Penderecki and Bright Sheng and most recently gave the Dutch premier of Pierre Jalbert’s Sonata for cello and piano at the 2010 Amsterdam Cello Biennale.
For the yogurt sauce:
I can honestly say that I am now a HUGE fan of Shannon Stacey! I will be scouring my library for her other books very, very soon. And I definitely cannot wait for the third book in this series, Yours to Keep.
SXSW: The roller coaster ride of SXSW is not well recorded. Lines, crowds, and an ass load of crappy bands can make you anxious. You are watching the third mediocre band of the night. You want to leave, but your friends like the band. You go to see your "can't miss pick of the night". There's a line. You wait for 15 minutes. You give up and wander. You try not to be pissed. You make a random call: "The Red Eyed Fly always has good Kharma for bands". You stop in to find the drunkest bunch of musicians you've ever seen playing the most kick ass gypsy music ever. A beer distributor gives you a free beer to "try" it. You've had it before, but pretend not to. You call your friends to come over cause "it kicks ass". Life is good.
“Boy!” Said the ancient voice, like carving the words into the bark of a tree.
M: “Hey babe?”
You can also see how we've got a layer of cement material in our walls (I think it's called rock lath like I mentioned here) - yep, that is fun to drill through and Aaron's Dad knows just how fun it is to sawzall through (someday we can get a proper intro to our kitchen for you).
So I let the associate know the jeweler had bent my ring while replacing the diamond the last time I brought it in to be fixed. They assured me my ring would be fixed and I would have it back on my finger within a few days.
And a lot more trust
Every day. Every single day I do this with my nemesis I75. And every single day I remember what a dumbass I am for thinking I can beat the odds, that I won't be thinking unkind thoughts about whomever caused the accident that has resulted in the bumper to bumper clusterfuck that is the worst commute in the nation. I lament the fact that they don't have formal drivers' education here, that the public transportation system is pretty much nonexistent and, of course, I berate myself for once again for forgetting that the back roads aren't just more scenic. They're more efficient, too.
Cake is always a very big party of wedding days, with that being said I've only ever eaten cake at one friends wedding and that is simply because it was forced down my throat by the groom. Odd, yes but it was a prank the Bride and Groom tried to play on myself and the bestman. I saw the prank coming a mile away and mouthed to the Bestman to "Duck!" he didn't understand and as I ducked and ran he got cake smashed in his face by the bride. The groom then chased me down and around the dance floor finally tackling me and giving me cake. Thankfully he and I are very close friends or I might have been really pissed not only at my bride/bff but at him too. Most weddings I go to I'm too busy dancing, or drinking to care about sweets, so while I was excited about planning my cake for my own wedding - I wasn't really concerned about eating it.
I am the luckiest Mom in the world. I was fortunate enough to spend Mother’s Day with my girls in Toronto. I love spending time with my girls and to be able to spend the whole weekend with them was fantastic. I do love spending time with them on the farm and I know My Hero would have loved that but circumstances found us in the city so we made the
Hibiscus aguas fresca
"It ain't over till the fat lady sings" he says,
After I finished watching Kelly Rowan's trials and tribulations trying to free her 16 year old daughter from a polygamist sect (I'm a sucker for the polygamy ones), I returned to discover a tub that was virtually spotless. I was in shock. My dad is seriously the smartest person alive.
Stella Telleria
Southend has suffered from its reputation as a place of down-market entertainment. The fun-fair atmosphere lends credence to this, persuading the snobs that this is not a place to visit, much less to be seen in, but I think that does Southend less than justice. There is more to the place than pubs, fish and chips and games arcades. In any case, I rather think that the merry chink of money in the tills removes any concerns about what the snobs think.
“Someone so beautiful should not be so angry,” Nightcrawler retorts.
Working in the tech environment that we do with creative advertising types you would expect to see a lot of iPods, digital camera’s and laptops. And you do. But I kind of always assumed that it was because of the environment. I guess with the news that Apple have managed to flog 100 million of the things in the last 5 years or so it stands to reason that you’re gonna see them out there amongst the masses :)
Not content with charging enormous up-front sums for leases on the pubs they own, the big pub chains have the nerve to then charge rent for the premises on top of that. They also dictate that the lessor "keep the standard of the pub up to their specification", so that a publican is not even allowed to decorate his own pub without their approval.
My party is a Hostess Appreciation Tea which is actually on my schedule for June. I can't wait to make the Creativity Journals with my sweet guests. We'll have hot teas, scones and quiche with a few other treats too. I enjoy this event so much each year, and I think the Journals will add to our fun.
It's behaving like a lady, or acting like a gentleman.
After so many incidents in which Palestinian propaganda has managed to rearrange the narrative so that the Israeli side appears to be the aggressor, we could expect the IDF brass, as well as Israel’s government, to show restraint, perhaps count to 30, before throwing their own man under the media bus. But, alas, both IDF Chief of Staff Benny Gantz and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu condemned a senior IDF officer for the way he appears on a selectively edited Palestinian video on You Tube.
680 gr. Mehl
However, I dug up some of the states for you to use:
My birthday is July 2nd, and what better gift could I give to myself that to reach this goal that’s nearing two years in the making? So from now until then, I’ll be giving Sunday updates/weekend wrap-ups on my progress called Birthday Gift Goal Updates.
Now marketing is dead. And it's not just dead, it's dead in caps, as in, "Marketing is Dead."
I would be more foolish than I've been,
The first of what is likely many. “Due to technical disturbances, Oslo Børs’ Equity and Bonds markets are temporary halted. Members may delete their orders in this state. Further information will follow. “
The surprising success at Prestonpans was the tinder that sparked the initial success of the Jacobite revolt in 1745: on 21 September 1745 the Jacobite army loyal to James Francis Edward Stuart and led by his son Charles Edward Stuart (Bonnie Prince Charlie) defeated the government army loyal to the Hanoverian George II led by General Sir John Cope at Prestonpans – a few miles outside Edinburgh.
Dude, I just like it.
at the age of seven (something that studies have shown makes the first
Preschool Literacy:
Phoebe Finds Her Voice is aimed at 7-11 year olds and is the first book in the Star Maker’s series.
“Madam, God himself could not sink this ship.” --A steward on the Titanic
“That’s next week’s lesson.”
“Are you making fun of me?” he’d ask.