In the years thereafter, most of the Oil fields and platforms were named after pagan “gods”.
We love you Mr. Brown.
Chad has been awesome with the kids and holding down the fort while I work later than usual! The kids have been busy together playing Skylander on the XBox together, after Kyan cashed in his $$$ from his piggy bank. He wanted that game so bad and used his gift card from his birthday he has been saving and the money to get it (he never taps into that thing either, that is how we know he wanted it so bad). We made him count all of his money to make sure that he had enough! It was very cute to watch his reaction when he realized he did! He also does a very good job of letting Lola feel like she is playing too, by letting her switch out the characters! She loves it almost as much as him.
so anyways, i am going to share some home decor inspiration that i have been storing in my folder on the puter. i have all these amazing images stored away ready to come to life when we get our home.
With graduation season right around the corner, Nancy has whipped up a fun set to help you out with not only your graduation cards and gifts, but any occasion that brings on a change in one's life. I stamped the images in Memento Tuxedo Black and cut them out with circle Nestabilities. I embossed the kraft and red cardstock with TE's new Stars Impressions Plate, which is double sided and gives you 2 fantastic patterns. You can see how to use the Impressions Plates in this tutorial Taylor created. Just one pass through your die cut machine using the Embossing Pad Kit is all you need to do - super easy!
If you have an alternative argument, let's hear it! :)
If I were a bear,
Other friends have similar stories, of how they were treated brusquely by Laurelwood staff, and as often as not, the same names keep coming up. About a half-dozen friends of mine refuse to step foot in there ever again because of it. How many others they’re telling - and keeping away - one can only guess.
Although our beloved Cantab can’t claim the international recognition afforded the Station Inn, otherwise these two joints feel like twins separated by nothing more than distance. They share a complete lack of pretense that can’t be imitated or approximated. Their very ordinariness makes them special.
Peter Schiff: Hard to tell. It will look pretty bad for most Americans when prices will go way up and they can’t afford to buy stuff. It could also get very bad as far as loss of individual liberty. A lot of people will blame it on capitalism, on freedom, and they will claim we need more government. It could be used as an impetus for more regulation, which would be a disaster, or it could be an impetus to get rid of all the regulation that was causing the problem. But whether we will do the right or the wrong thing here in America, there will be a lot of pain first. We got some serious problems we have to deal with, but we are not dealing with the problems, we only make the problems worse.
3. Winter is the time when all sleeps on some level. It is a time of turning within to make contact with your own innermost being. Winter is the best time to do this and, as a result, get answers for yourself about whatever concerns you. It is also a tremendously creative time, a time for artists of all kinds to turn within and to seek images of forms he or she wishes to produce in whatever medium chosen, so that an image of balance can be presented. Those of you that write, we suggest that you do so to come up with plots and ideas that will speak of balance coming to an imbalanced situation, person, or world. To those of you who, like Priscilla, work with making patterns and designs, we would say remember the images and designs brought about by winter. White will challenge you to see what changes will manifest in the images you produce. We ask that you do this in your own environment.
I am en-route to Cornwall again. 3/4 months of slog and sun and sea too. Always a job needs doing in a tourist town. I’m bringing my stuff back from 97 on Friday. Will need to cancel bills before I retreat. Not such a bad thing. Moved to Leeds with promise from Millies. That went nowhere. Move on.
Pure large leaf Assam. No waffling with the leaf, thank you. I want it strong and dark with no herby frills. And for goodness sake no fruit mixers and no sweetener. Why would you do that to tea?
The also mention the effect on the night sky, an issue we raised in our report, which again was ignore by Lancing Parish Council!. “The use of all lighting, including that of the indoor football pitch dome, should be the subject of a planning condition to ensure that it is only utilised at appropriate times and when necessary to safeguard the ‘dark skies’ of the adjacent NP.“
State contracts worth over 100 MILLION ringgit!
People like you are unknowing transformers of things, protected by your own fairy-tale, by love.”
The one thing that was astounding though was the support from the marshals – they were all phenomenal for being out in the rain for so long and remaining so cheery and supportive. They were an amazing bunch. Owing to the nature of the course and very few closed roads meant that supporters who knew the area were able to skip around the course and a few people were seen about 5 or 6 times which was also super!!
We attend our friend Kendra's wedding -- such a joy to watch people see an end to year's of waiting.
A neighbor recommended “Chasing Fireflies” by Charles Martin. I’d never read anything by Martin before, although he was this neighbor’s favorite author. “Fireflies” is the story of Chase, a journalist who never knew his parents and was adopted by “Unc,” a colorful resident of a small Georgia town whose sayings and kind heart make him a memorable character. Chase is investigating the story of another orphan, this one a mute boy pushed out of a car on train tracks just before a train hit and killed his loser custodial “parent.”
Fallout by Ellen Hopkins (p.1-140)
Either Obama/Congress, etc. give in or, more likely, refuse. The group announces that the next device will be detonated in a populated area, with no warning. Again, “Obama,” et al., refuse to submit. This time the device is detonated in a mid-sized to major city. Tens of thousands die. (Think the atomic bombs that ended WWII.)
April was a month for new beginnings. Firstly, I finally finished my exams, and if all is good, I’ll be graduating in May. It still feels weird to know that the business degree I’ve been working for four years is finally mine. So now I’m in the process of looking for a new job. Secondly, I finally began moving in with my boyfriend of four years, and that’s a bit nerve-wrecking. As for reading books, the last week of April gave me an opportunity to relax and enjoy a few stories. As you will see, I have not finished much, but I have successfully began several hefty novels. I am happy with the progress I’ve made so far and the quality of books I’ve picked to read. The Fellowship of the Ring is surprisingly easy to read, considering all my fears about Tolkien and his writing. I am loving A Clash of Kings even though this season took a few liberties concerning the plot. Master and Margarita is my first Russian novel in a long time, and I have to say it’s surprisingly refreshing. I had to postpone my Virginia Woolf experience for later, as I find that I am just not in the mood for it. I should be returning to it a bit later.
I was hoping Howie would smash his face in the cake my sister made, but it seemed like he was more scared of it than anything, but after staring at it for a while and all of us cheering he started to dig in!
Contains DMAE which provides firming and toning benefits- Enhances facial contours- An anti-inflammatory that enhances the strength of other antioxidant therapiesVitamin C Ester - Patented- A powerful antioxidant that improves firmness and elasticity- Diminishes the appearance of fine lines, wrinkles and discoloration- Imparts a radiant, smooth and luminous appearance
for I did not come to condemn the world but to save the world.
When I was four years of age I remember being at home with my mom one day when a salesman tried breaking into our home. My mom was on the phone to her sister when the guy tried every door in the house. Her and I was curled up in a corner of the kitchen hiding with the phone hoping the guy would leave. It scarred me. I have never been trusting of them since this and I haven’t had one that has changed my mind.
Point 2: If it’s a show that your kid wants, a show about a book is always better than CRACCC.
Let’s say hypothetically, there is a bomb threat inside an airport. And there is only 10 minutes remaining it will explode. Inside the building there are few whites, blacks and Asian/middle eastern descents. And one of them has the code to disarm the bomb. So what would law enforcement do in a situation like this? Conduct a random check? Or eliminate the best possibilities by checking the Middle Eastern people first? If there are statistics and reasons to believe that threat comes from a certain race, is it unlawful to profile them? If a white man goes on a killing spree then should we waste time checking black men? Same goes to blacks or any other race. Isn’t it simple and smart to stay on facts and statistics or waste time and money by trying to be politically right?
‘Tis all.
Come join us next Tuesday February 21 st for discussion on Chapter 3. We will talk about personal will, self control and the ability to stay true to ourselves as we travel through this life. The gathering is fun, free and another opportunity to meet new people.
"The ANC had earlier approached the South Gauteng High Court to grant us leave to appeal its earlier ruling that the singing of the freedom song was unconstitutional and fitted the crime of incitement.
I am 32 weeks pregnant!
I have it on good authority that everyone in this company, particularly the strikers, recieved gifts in the company-organised Secret Santa. I also know that the strikers attended the company-funded Xmas Party, where they partook in the company-funded luncheon. They also recieved vouchers to the value of K100, from the company as Xmas gifts.
I've also pondered a more permanent solution that involves several smaller chronological blogrolls organized by blog type (like the color codes). But that seems like a lot of work to create and maintain, and I'm not sure it would be helpful to the reader.
»Scene 2: Shays’ apartment«
Prepare chicken fillets by flattening out a little on a board- They need to be thin and able to 'roll up' with a filling.
Her fiction and non-fiction has appeared in many magazines and reviews including Oprah Magazine. She has been featured in the New York Times, Newsweek, Time, USA Today and on the Today Show, and NPR radio.
It's a sickening feeling.
“It’s no costume, Pricklewood, I’m the real McCoy.” I then got down onto the carpet, grasped the feet of the armchair with my toes and lifted it off the ground. “How many humans do you know who can do that?” I asked.
Ed Switenky, manager of traffic engineering and operations, couldn't comment on any short-term improvements the city might be able to make to Governor's Road - in light of last week's accident.
And I very much doubt if it will end there. Because of all the foregoing factors, and the immediate crisis Murdoch faces, BSkyB’s movers know that he must do this deal….or wind up in very bad shape as a business. There may also come a point at which BSkyB find Murdoch himself simply too toxic to have as a buyer anyway.
Well, I'm off to clean up my craft space since it's a mess after working on my projects for this fun hop! Have a wonderful week everyone and I hope to have a project or two to share very soon! Until next time, take care!
Almighty and everlasting God, by whose Spirit the whole body of your faithful people is governed and sanctified: Receive our supplications and prayers which we offer before you for all members of your holy Church, that in their vocation and ministry they may truly and devoutly serve you; through our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen.
Complaining and repeating everything we already know every day will do you no good if you do not even have a dog as an early warning system or you allow your daughters to go gallivanting in the streets at night.
1/3 cup tomato paste
How many times have you heard someone say that so-and-so is too nice to tell the person they’re seeing that they want to call it quits, too nice to address unfair working conditions with their employer or too nice to ask someone to stop using that seat on the subway as a foot stool? There certainly are people who are soft-spoken and decidedly non-confrontational. But that doesn’t mean they’re nicer relative to everyone else. It’s just their personality. You can be assertive, honest and even outspoken and still be a very nice person.
Hmmm... In terms of traditional instruments we have things like a zither, a euphonium and a harmonium in there and I think a nose flute made it to the finished mix too. But I'm no Harry Partch or even Thomas Truax come to that. Life's hard enough. Having said that, I wouldn't mind having a bash on Truax's Mother Superior!
could be added to the gallery wall.
3 T ketchup
On The Lovin’ People, he has the benefit of a good backing band consisting of Pretty Purdie on drums, Artie Butler on organ & piano, and Joe Mack and Bill Salter on bass. The band, who play both loose and funky without ever sounding sloppy, helped produce a more laid back vibe and Chandler sounds more relaxed than he did on the earlier album. He has some better songs on this one, too, such as the title cut warm, poppy number about...well, “Lovin’ People,” on which the presence of a chorus (made up on the spot of people who had gathered to provide assistance to a mothers’ help organization) also helps temper Chandler’s unfortunate tendency towards over-earnestness. “The Naked Fool” is about a relationship gone bad, which doesn’t have anything new to say but will have a few toes tapping. “Sold Out, No More Reservations” is an interesting number about a male groupie, and “Bound to Fly” has a nice soaring quality, and Chandler’s lyrics and delivery mesh well on it. If anything the problem here is that Chandler is sometimes eclipsed by his backing band—check “Behind Your Eyes” where the band goes off on some nice free jazz-psychedelic tangents while Chandler seems to be trying to channel Sammy Davis, Jr.
I was worried I wasn’t going to like this. And not because I have an unhealthy love of comic book heroes and unrealistic expectations. No, I was worried because it seems the 98% of people I know had already seen it and enjoyed it. Even the wife. Thus, wading in with an opinion of ‘pfft…shite’ would prove about as popular as punching a kitten in the face. But in the end the fears proved unfounded as I really did like it.
Whether you’re looking at investing in residential, commercial or industrial property, the Urban Redevelopment Authority’s (URA) area planning and guidelines will have a long-term impact on your property’s values.
Thus began my frantic sprint down the corridor, pulling my reluctant suitcase as it bobbed off of anything in its path.
Other stars making the magazine’s 2011 Sexiest Women Alive list include model-turned-actress Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, jazz artist Esperanza Spalding, ‘Friends With Benefits’ star Mila Kunis, ‘The Help’ actress Emma Stone and singer Beyonce.
Ah, Parga. How many times have we sat in Paxos, looking across at the mainland at night seeing twinkling lights in the far distance? How many times have we wondered just what was it like over there? Well now we know. Unfortunately the place with the twinkling lights was not Parga but some other little community. We got it wrong. Parga was on the itinerary anyway. We concluded it was not worth the detour; two resort-y bays separated by an ancient Turkish fort on a steep hill and a cluster of souvenir shops, tavernas and restaurants. The marina was unwelcoming - we moored alongside a rusting, capsized ferry - and the trudge to buy some provisions took us along a neglected rubbish strewn track. Thomas would not leave the boat for fear we were robbed. But hey! Pull up the gangplank, crack open a beer and experiment with cooking in the galley.
M. Blakeman Ingle
I napped after studio class tonight. Andrew and I were up really late last night, despite going to bed at a somewhat decent time. We ended up talking to each other for about an hour and a half to two hours just about our lives and what was going on and stuff like that. It was a very nice talk, but it made me tired for today, which explains why I’m still awake now. But don’t worry…I’ll be getting to bed shortly, right after I shower.
Outsell spoke to us about the changes going on in education specifically in the development of custom textbooks.
Actually, this April 15, 1912, headline was based on preliminary news and was in error. The final tally shows that 1,513 lives were lost in the sinking of the Titanic, and there were only 711 survivors.
the autumn rains in righteousness.
Smokers I have little sympathy for – you made that decision, in the face of all the evidence that it’s not just seriously harmful to you, but to everyone around you, so I’m sorry, but you get to live with the consequences. And had I not lived, worked and socialised among smokers for most of my life, until the ban, I wouldn’t be anywhere near as ill as I am now, so sympathy is in very short supply.
I’ll wear pajamas and give up pajahmas.
I found myself chuckling out loud enough that the wife banished me to the easy chair in the living room at night (can't read this one in bed). I'd get up to get another soft drink and find that I had a big grin on my face.
- Food and drink disliking. I’m not really sure what the correct term is for this, but I developed a dislike for almost all of the foods that I once liked, and couldn’t drink fizzy pop at all! I think I may have literally lived on pickled onion space raiders and fruit juice for the entire first trimester…and possibly a lot of the second.
I recently tried a super fabulous restaurant that you MUST MUST try. I usually don't give restaurant recommendations, so trust me on this one. I decided to go down to South Norwalk and check out The SoNo Baking Company and Cafe that Martha Stewart is always yammering on about on Martha. This tiny hidden jewel was started by John Barricelli, who works for Martha and also hosts Everyday Baking on PBS. It is Fa. Bu. Lous. Seriously, that good. We had lunch and I tried a Cobb Salad that elevated the usual blah salad to a culinary masterpiece. I sat at the counter in front of a huge glass window and watched people roll out chocolate croissants with a vintage roller while I ate. (If you are a big geek, that is a huge thrill.) At one point in the meal, I actually saw John Barricelli through the glass instructing one of the bakers on how to place the chocolate chunks perfectly in the croissant. I considered banging on the glass to blow kisses and get my photo taken with him but I decided I had done that enough recently with both her and her, so I decided to play it cool and just eat my lunch quietly. I also brought home a huge selection of pastries and enjoyed every single one (in the name of research, not gluttony, mind you). John is coming out with a cookbook in early March. You can be a geek like me and pre-order your copy on Amazon today. The cafe is located right near the South Norwalk Aquarium and makes a good drive on a cold winter's day.
Sphere: V = 4/3
I’m sad you can’t be with us but we know you’ll be watching. I don’t know if you ever got to eat at Longhorn or not but I hear they cook a really mean steak.
Rm25
Of course it goes without saying that all the music above would probably have been familiar to Gardel's audience, too. But it's not that widely known here. It's not difficult or inaccessible music, but it's not a routine part of the popular culture in the same way that it would have been when Gardel was playing El dia que mi quieras, or even as it was when my grandmother's relations were making their own entertainment in Australia with performances of Bizet's Au fond du temple saint.
Oh yeah! Last year I was really Spicin' Things Up in the Kitchen! It was Hot Hot! Nope, the hubs and I weren't getting all romantical, we were installing tin into our cabinet for our spices! Get your heads out of the gutter!!
So …
We talked for a few minutes, and I thanked the secretaries for taking care of my son, and I suggested we go home. My son aggreed and said thank you to the secretaries and placed a death grip on my hand and didn't let go all the way to the parking lot.
In shrouds of words,
“Hell is larger today than it was yesterday, because many of us have failed to pray.”–David Smithers
BRAAMFONTEIN: Johannesburg Theatre manager Rulov Senekal (67) murdered in his apartment by two black attackers.
Valentines Day falls on February 14th each year. It is a holiday in which lovers express said love for each other, traditionally with flowers, candle lit dinners, heart shaped things, chocolate and greeting cards. The first Valentines cards were hand written but over time have made way for more mass produced greetings. These cards, for the most part, depict images of hearts, cupids and love struck victims.
Nicholas Ridley agreed with the Act of Supremacy, supporting Henry’s action. He became the king’s chaplain and later, in the time of Edward VI, he was Bishop of Rochester. He helped to write the Book of Common Prayer. He became Bishop of London and worked to improve the conditions of the poor.
Even if you don’t like the so called “screwball comedy”, that some critic also called “sex comedy without sex”, whose Trouble in Paradise gives a perfect example, you could enjoy two things from this movie: the typical Art Deco interior design (in Mme Colet house) and the beautiful gowns designed by Travis Banton (one of the most famous 1930 costume Designer) that show at its best this period style.
Tomorrow only! May 2, 2012 bride bikini is offering our amazing customers a 5% discount off your entire purchase!!!
A 1 inch chunk of fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated
Never Did No Wanderin' by The Folksmen
“Yes,” he said. “Maybe a puppet, or a special toy, or maybe just a stuffed animal you loved very much. Did you have a special friend like that, Tom?”
In 1926, Anatol Josepho opened the first photo booth in New York City and it took Gotham by storm. Up to 7,500 people a day payed 25 cents ($3 in today's funds) to receive eight miniature images of themselves.
You die?
Didn’t quite make church Sunday morning. Sleeping right up to check out causes a bit of a mad rush to get up and get out.
Outfit Specs: Click piccy to be taken to it's flickr page for more information.
Economists said the cut was an admission by the RBA that it had misread the economy over recent months, failing to recognize that despite a record mining-investment boom the vast bulk of the economy is experiencing near-recessionary conditions.
When PC came out with the "Love You a Latte" Lite Cartridge I knew I had to have it!
How can you start your day any other way than happy with that face wanting to cuddle with you first thing?
hold, to not let go
So our prayer for today goes like this:
Roughly a week later, my sister and her ever-expanding family drove in from Alaska and picked me up, and then we all headed on to Alvin, Texas, once a happy place where a son would be reunited with his father, but now a haunted little town where ghosts of memories reared their teeth at every turn. We pulled into the driveway at dusk, greeted by my stepmother and stepbrother, both of who appeared to be much stronger than me.
(Tight finish between Neptune Collonges (grey with yellow silks) and Sunnyhillboy (bay with green and gold hooped silks) in the National)
Origin: Middle English: from Old French joie, based on Latin gaudium, from gaudere ‘rejoice’
And that is where we changed from being social beings amongst each other to digital social addicts.
Whew, there is much talk lately about rising fares due to increased fuel surcharges.
02 - It's All Over Now 04:01
The product is a milky white liquid that applies like emulsion, not too creamy and thick, but not like water (or jelly) either. After spreading it out on your face, it dries within a few minutes. After which the fun begins! According to the SA, after it dries, you start rubbing it like you’re trying to rub dirt off your face, until you rub off most of it. If required, wash off the remaining with lukewarm water. So I started rubbing and it actually takes quite a bit of effort to rub it all off! It comes off in little bits like you’re rubbing off a layer of your skin.
(2 Corinthians 10:5).
Humans have strong muscles in the legs and would need swim fins (like a frog) to bring all their power into the water and stand with the sole of the feet on the water. Rather the leg grabs almost as much water as the foot and a small amount of water is accelerated to high kinetic energy, but not much impulse is transferred. The toes are bent, the feet point 45° outwards, the sole points backwards, to mimic a hydrofoil. While closing in a V shape to the rear a small “lifting” force can be felt. Unlike in the other kicks, the joints are moved into extrema. Before the kick the knee is maximally bent and the upper leg is rotating along its axis to its extreme outer position and the lower leg is twisted to extreme, at the end of the kick the ankles are maximally turned to the inside so that the soles clap together to achieve a nozzle effect like in a jelly fish. Therefore training involves getting flexible in addition to fitness and precision.
I have mixed emotions about the start to this book. As I’ve already mentioned I very much enjoyed the characters and the voice of the protagonist. But as much as I was enjoying it, it took me a little while to get into the story. We’re presented with a huge case of insta-love right from the start. Lucas, the mysterious and hot new neighbor, comes on strong. I’m pretty sure they start making out on their second or third meeting! I’m warning you now. There’s not a lot of rationalization for the insta-love…you won’t really understand the reasons until the end of the book. Which is why, in retrospect, I kinda like that I had to wait for all of the info to be revealed.
"If I could keep you little,
Jethro responded, “What you are doing is not good. You and these people who come to you will only wear yourselves out.” Moses was the bottleneck of a system that was broken and creating dysfunction, wasting time, and wearing everyone out.
After catching a cab to dinner at Boon Tong Kee (post to come shortly), a restaurant recommended by my uncle - also a foodie! :) - we dragged ourselves back onto the HiPPO boat for one last ride, to capture the nighttime experience and views.
Sometimes, I just want to read a book. It’s kinda like Freud said, “sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.” Well in my case, sometimes I just need to read an actual hard or soft cover book, feel the paper against my fingers, smell the newness or musty oldness. If it’s a new book, there is something quite satisfying about being the first one to crack it open. I love to turn the pages, hear the crinkle and switch as my fingers brush against the paper.
I attended more funerals before age 20 than most people, other than a pastor will attend in their lifetime. Why I was not one of them, only God can tell. He has the final say and fortunately, He now holds the pen.
C.A.T. is looking for more pictures of cute animals with their tongues sticking out. Email cuteanimaltongues at gmail dot com with yours!
And there you have it – something which can’t be ignored
It was not as though she had never sliced bread before, but I remembered only too well what happened the last time. Certain women should not be allowed near sharpened blades, especially those with a well-developed feeling of disgruntlement towards their nearest and – formerly – dearest.
I first came across these beautiful patterns by artist Paula Vaughan in the mid-1990s. Traditional style quilts thrown over vintage chairs, vases overflowing with armfuls of wildflowers, and the loveliest dresses from a bygone age.
individually and as a band in the studio, along with interviews
to do this in remembrance of Him. Luke 22:19
I think I did three sets of revisions in the end. The first involved clarifying the plot. I kept moving away from the main thread and rambling in different directions. Once I’d mastered that I had to switch some chapters round and cut some bits out then work a little on the dialogue. Plotting has been the most difficult part of writing so far. But through writing Shine, I studied plot hard, learned a lot and with my second book, Glitter, due out on Sept. 2nd, I had one small amount of editing to do. I kept waiting for Rachel to send the MS back with more to do when I discovered it was already with the copyeditor!
DaVinci Gourmet Vanilla Classic Syrup - Before I opened the bottle I knew I was going to like it. You see vanilla is one of my favorite flavors, as it can be used so many different ways! I chose to add some to my french toast along with some cinnamon. I only used a tad bit but the vanilla syrup gave it a much need pick me up as it danced across my palette. You can even add a tad bit to your whip cream and whip it together to make fluffy tasty whip cream that you could only dream of , well that was until now!
with me and will not let go.
Frightful's Daughter Meets the Baron Weasel (2007) - Picture Book
Spanish Omelettes are delicious enough by themselves but they are lovely with salad to accompany them to add an attractive finishing touch !!!
Caroline Saunders (Lab) 1,142
Use a pan or kettle to capture the water you run while waiting for warm water to arrive at the faucet. The captured water can be used for other washing purposes.
Her father smiled. "They take just a tiny bit of your qi, your soul energy, when you're initiated and at various other points during your time there. I don't know how, but they make gold from it."
Len Woodbyrne & Joe O’Reilly development at95-97 Francis Street, Dublin8 (central Dublin) has a range of apartments on offer
The City Council prefers to manage the council housing instead of an Arms Length Management Organisation in order to “save money by not having a separate organisation”.
This stuff is actually happening. It’s threatening our survival. And it’s not just the environment. And I’m writing it to know that, among the peaceful: you are not crazy for thinking that we are approaching a turning point in our country where the realities of decades of profit-over-all-else mentality are becoming not just undeniable, but are confronting us in our day to day lives in ways we did not think was possible in a country that now seems, in retrospect, to have been the least Western, least democratically-minded country to be considered so. And that turning point might require widespread civil disobedience, in the name of the environmental and economic survival of our country and our people (as well, of course, as the vast masses like us all around the world, in other countries).
Sound Designer, Electronic, Experimental, Audiovisual, and Multimedia Artist, with emphasis on Film/T.V and visual mediums. Craig Brown aka Sounda is a former Performance Artist with work featured within Compilation CDs, and tracks licensed for film and TV, just to name a few. My experience with the paranormal and connections to the cosmos, inspired a lot of my work. My goals include pushing the limit of Art through Sound and Music and establishing a strong foundation with my contribution in Film and TV. Favorite Lyric: You are just another brick in the wall by Pink Floyd Activities and Thoughts: Flying, stargazing, battling supernatural forces. There is no such thing as silence, silence has a sound. I am trying to figure out what lies within the 11th Dimension. I wonder if the beautiful ring planet is ready to take me back. Craft:
There came a point, maybe three years into that, where I began to realise I'd have to have another go at a novel. Giant Thief didn't originate with any one story, but it did come out of not wanting to make the mistakes I'd made with my first attempt at novel writing. I was writing one or two short stories a month, and I didn't want to lose that pace. So it had to be something fast-paced, fun, not too convoluted. Something I could throw myself into and just keep moving with.
I decided to get creative with the leftovers of the rainbow cake... instead of doing the mini cupcake rainbow I had planned. It worked out SO well and I don't think it turned out too bad.
At the back of the shop there is a little cafe which is the pretence of this post- the menu is pretty simple, just fry ups (£3.50) sandwiches (around £1.50) and jacket potatoes (around £2). I had a tuna mayo salad and a latte which came to a grand total of £3.50.
anyway, i digress. we’ve got a bed, a sofa, a washing machine – all the important things, really. and the furniture for the baby room comes tomorrow morning. which is good since come next week, i could literally go into labor at any moment. though, i really hope he’ll wait for a little bit. a couple weeks at least. we’re not quite ready yet (though not sure if we will be in a few weeks, either).
I wrote you a love haiku
Sunday the festivities continued. I went BACK to Shadowbox to see Back to the Garden again. (Told ya I love that place). Then after that was over, I had to work at the store. It was Survivor finale night, and we do a special Survivor crop each season, so I had to go host that.
He grabs my arm and yanks me around to face him. I slam into his chest with a thud that jars my bones and knocks the fight right out of me. I stumble back, away from him, and fold my arms across my chest to cover the logo of Sam’s sweatshirt.
1 Beauty Contest
Fox: DUDE ARE YOU FRIGGING KIDDING ME??? IF YOU DON’T DO THIS, THEN I WILL F*****G CASTRATE YOU! THEN YOU WONT HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT ANY LOVE LIFE.
Just go away.
bunny drop Complete Series Premium Edition
Southern Tier Brewing Company Choklat (Imperial Stout)
In reporting on activities to Chloe, I invented the chick-flick scale, my very own movie rating system. Instead of stars, chick flicks get 1 to 4 hearts (of course). Here are mini reviews of the movies I've watched this past week or so.
To see all the PACA (Provence Alpes Côte d'Azur) Michelin rankings, go here:
Alyssa is now 10 and has been busy with Volleyball, Girlscouts, and Sunday School. It seems like we are always running with her somewhere. She was struggling in reading in school a few months back, and was put into special reading help class; which was in turn taking time away from her math time and causing her to struggle in math; but she has now caught up with her reading, and has turned her math skills around as well. Conferences are just around the corner, and we have high hopes for her. We repainted her room for her last Birthday and gave her all new bedding and furniture. She has more things in her room, than time to play with the stuff...but what kid doesn't I guess.We don't get to see her as much as we would like to, but we cherish the time we do get with her. We have a lot of fun things planned to do with her on the weekends we have with her, let's hope we don't wear her out!
The concept of the King's Peace first appeared during the reign of Richard I in 1195. Peace was henceforth to be seen as the responsibility of the king, and its breach required that the culpable parties be answerable to him. During the reign of Edward III in 1361, Justices of the Peace were appointed for the first time. The Crown, in effect, was claiming a monopoly on violence in the realm, and appointing officials to enforce it.
The black sports coat, white button-up shirt, khaki slacks, and leather loafers he wore were all tailored and very expensive giving the impression of him being some sort of major player in the world trying to lay low and relax. It was a thought that Peter was beginning to believe more and more about himself as his sales numbers rocketed into orbit.
After the war memorial, and Northwood Station, we turned right just after St Helen's School towards Northwood Hills. My two South London colleagues were pleased that there actually was a hill. We were surprised at the number of closed-down shops in this apparently affluent area, but the William Jolle pub still seemed to be thriving. (Because it is a Wetherspoons establishment, I can tell you that he was a local 14th century resident) The former pub opposite had, however, metamorphosed into the Namaste Lounge.
Craft beer pubs blog post is on the back burner - I really wanted to get the next blog out there while the fire burns bright in my heart about it
2% Crystal 40
The only not-so-fabulous part was that as I was getting the monkeys in the tub, I started to sneeze. And feel drippy and tickly. Sure signs of an end-of-summer cold. Bluck. I feel icky this morning, but have too much to do to be sick. So I am refusing to succumb to my desire to plop on the couch and sniff all day. I am hoping sheer will alone will heal me :)
Dear Heavenly Father, I thank You for teaching me to prayer earnest, heartfelt and continued prayers. As I spend time to pray like this today, Your divine power is manifested, changes are effected, and circumstances in my life are changed, in Jesus Christ Name I pray! Amen!
Last week, he was so worked up about some things that were not actually real. He laid down in his bed and kept going over and over them with me. I told him he just needed to relax, that he didn't need to worry so much. He is being so well cared for. He gave me the silent soul searching steel blue stare, softly grabbed my hand, and said, "I'll always remember you."
Allow to rest 2 minutes on cookie sheet before transferring cookies to a cooling rack.
From Peru, we flew to Ecuador and then on to the wedding. After the celebrations, we were off to Hawaii, for a much needed relaxing beach holiday, after which we did a wonderful cruise of The Great Barrier Reef, before flying home via Singapore. What a great trip that was, and one day I’ll put some more photos up for you to see.
I gave Nick S a call before I got there and he told me that Tim CC was on his way up to get it, so I did a quick pass 500′ over a couple of pilots on takeoff, then headed back over Aber.
This race is a top-notch way to break into the triple digits for the first time. That’s why I keep coming back and I always bring others with me. The volunteers are wonderful. The food and support system is exceptional. And the race direction is flawlessly efficient. Joe Prusaitis certainly knows how to put on a quality event! Those of us that stuck around for the award ceremony brought home a special Texas Trinket for being one of the most interesting out-of-town groups.
Night by night
Stay tuned for some more quilting posts coming soon.
The company are introducing an internal ‘carbon price’ to encourage their individual business arms to become more responsible for the costs of offsetting their emissions.
Remove squash from oven and arrange on bed of greens with goat cheese and prosciutto. Dress to your liking.
Morgan Tsvangirai, the Zimbabwean prime minister, on the other hand has given up a presidency in order to avoid violence continuing against his constituents.
in her hair
When it comes to making my own salsas at home, I've often limited myself to making the usual salsas that involve fresh tomatoes, fresh jalapenos, an onion, some cilantro and a bit of lime juice... or pico de gallo. And from time to time, I may make the salsa verde, guacamole, or the black bean and corn salsa.... even the quick, budget-friendly avocado sauce. They are all excellent. But recently I managed to make 2 different salsas, opening the door to a new way of making salsa for me... using various chiles to add depth and flavor.
& Kalabokisio (Corn Puree)
Often I think she doesn't even hear the words. She just gets up and invites the music to take over her body.
3/4 C Dairy Free, Soy-Free Vegetable Shortening (we use Spectrum)
That’s why there’s cache. Cache-memory access is almost as fast as register access, but you can have a lot of cache memory—comparatively. L1 caches typically have 32 or 64Kbyte capacities and often there are independent caches for instructions and data. Caches take a huge load off main memory, relieving the pressure to speed up main-memory access.
“When one has seen one house he has seen them all, the same everlasting high stoops and gloomy brown-stone fronts, the same number of holes punched in exactly the same places,” Osman quotes a late 19th century writer as lamenting. “The new brownstone and trolley grid inspired 19th century eulogies for a real and imagined agricultural landscape,” Osman writes.
Anyway, Howl is the dashing wizard that Sophie fell in love with. He was self-absorbed. In the movie it was said that Howl’s heart was young and immature (something like that). At first he wasn’t capable of loving anyone. I guess to be able to understand the film, we have to understand Howl’s relationship with Calcifer.
Here’s a great way to use both eggs and leftover noodles for a satisfying dish. Paula Super, of Merrimack, writes:
You think your school's scary?
The message of Journey of the Universe shows how we are not just a part of this astonishing process, we are at the very edge of evolution, a primate species that has found in its language and symbols the power to take over the very evolutionary process itself. But this control that we now exercise comes with a responsibility; and viewers of Journey of the Universe will not only be imbued with a sense of astonishment at all that has taken place, they will also come to feel the excitement in learning that now we live in a time when the human species is being asked to play a central role in activating the flourishing powers of Earth’s living systems.
They are both chunky knits and were a complete bargain-the green was £1 and the multi colour knit was £2!! The charity shops have now started putting out their winter stocks so using these knits as inspiration, why don't you go and hunt down a stylish cosy bargain for much less than the high street or designer versions?
Skully was struggling to breath at this point, shaking and pawing his head, gagging and his eyes reflected his fear. Poor little guy! He was also snapping his teeth, tryin' to dislodge the jerky.
“unchanged to previous positions” – if repeatedly unchanged, then psychological / biased
Freddie did spend some time in Vietnam too; I think he told us he used to make maps there. But we never pushed it because who knew if he would “Freak out” about it. And Freddie knew just about everything you know, politics, art, religion, history, philosophy, and most important, Brooklyn.
you would think this man who is only one step above
Again, I’ve just begun working on what Mr. Licata told me and I’ll post more later but if its true, it would make a great book: corrupt lawyers, bribed judges and completely crooked bankers engaging in mortgage fraud and outright theft. Real estate slows down from about the end of May and won’t really resume until September so maybe I’ll devote some of that free time to writing this up – it’s got the ingredients for a great tale.
I was recently given the assignment to select one word that describes me and write about it. At first this sounded so simple, but in my usual fashion I spent a little too much time dwelling over it. I wear many badges. I am a wife, a mother, a daughter, a teacher, a friend....you get my point. The word that returned to me most often and a word I've never used to describe myself was pray-er, a person that prays. I questioned if it was really a word...it is...I looked it up. It is seldom used, but it is a word.
It's official, I made the 2012 Spellbinders team. It's been an amazing year and I am so glad that it doesn't have to end. I love this company, their products, their values, and the people who make Spellbinders what it is.
Or at least, the US does. Why don’t things like this exist? Adults like to have fun as much as kids do, although maybe the urge to play has either died down naturally or been repressed by responsibilities. Playgrounds are a great way for kids to run, jump, and get some exercise while enjoying themselves, but what like that exists for adults? If you want fun, it’s usually either expensive or relatively sedentary like walking or hiking. If you want cheap exercise … lace up those running shoes. (And I don’t deny that some people gain enjoyment from running, but I sure don’t.)
And the paint. I have read every blog and article on the web that discusses painting cabinets and I tried something completely different from what I had read. Have you seen those commercials for Behr "He is painting while he primes. She is priming while she paints?" I went for the premium primer included stuff from Home Depot. The black color is Behr Beluga. I painted 3 coats, sanding lightly between each one. I didn't remove the doors but I easily could (and probably should) have. I decided to distress them. This my husband wasn't too thrilled about but I know how my kids and their stool had already distressed them over the years so I figured I would save myself the headache and heartache and have them start distressed. I hit it several places with the sander and then used a darker tinted glaze (some watered down acrylic craft paint) over the sanded spots to darken up the distressed areas.
I’m pretty late to the LCD Soundsystem party (a great oversight on my part), but thankfully rectified with Mr James Murphy’s third (and final?) outing of liquid crystal disco. It sounds effortlessly cool, but there’s so much going on, it’s just plain fun to listen to, dance to and do just about anything to – be it the washing up, filling out an application form or being attacked by PANDUHS!
Furioso dreadnought
During this time, peaceful occupiers have been faced with continual harassment arrests, almost invariably on fabricated charges (“disorderly conduct,” “interfering with the conduct of a police officer”—the latter a charge that can be leveled, for instance, against those who try to twist out of the way when an officer is hitting them.) I have seen one protestor at Union Square arrested, by four officers using considerable force, for sitting on the ground to pet a dog; another, for wrapping a blanket around herself (neither were given warnings; but both behaviors were considered too close to “camping”); a third, an ex-Marine, for using obscene language on the Federal steps. Others were reportedly arrested on those same steps for singing a satirical version of the “Officer Krumpke” song from West Side Story. Almost no march goes by without one or two protestors, at least, being hurled against vehicles or have their heads bashed against the ground while being arrested for straying off the sidewalk. The message here is clear. Law has nothing to do with it. Anyone who engages in Occupy Wall Street-related activity should know they can be arrested, for virtually any reason, at any time.
6. Meyerman - Who Do You Think You Are?
I'm a voracious reader. Always have been. As a teenager, my parents ended up having to hide my books so I would get my chores done because I would spend every chance I got reading. It didn't really change when I had a family, except no one had to hide my books so I'd get my chores done. :P
Schumann – Spanische Liebeslieder, op.138, nos 4 and 9
I'm in the process of building out an entire enchanted forest in one inch scale as part of my set for the Myrtle short film. Trees complete with faces and jelly jars hanging from the branches filled with fireflies / will o' the wisps. It's starting to look pretty good and I'm pleased with how the glass jars light up. They're all hand-blown glass and less than 1 cm in height. So like me, this project is pretty teeny.
Cole then settled in Memphis. His son Victor Cole, Jr., a product of a local Memphis high school, signed on to play in 2013 for the University of Memphis, according to The Memphis Commercial Appeal.
Data-mining programs will provide these abusers of power with powerful tools for creating enemies lists, and for targeting them, as described in EFAD. Social media networks are already under intensive federal scrutiny. This year, it is ostensibly to track down undefined terrorist threats. But social media, so popular today, must be understood as a two-edged sword. The same social media that facilitated the Arab Spring, today brings the secret police of Syria, Egypt, Iran, Saudi Arabia and other nations to the doors of obscure bloggers hidden in tiny apartments, to drag them away to secret torture cells.
I was walking back from my girlfriend’s house through Park South, a notoriously run-down area of Swindon, riddled with unemployment, anti-social behaviour and crime. It’s not the area of Swindon I normally associate with a ‘passion for politics’, but as I crossed the water logged field I saw a purple and yellow glow from a window. ‘VOTE UKIP’. Wait, what? – This took me by surprise, Park South has always been a Labour stronghold, we have all seen it in the media that the ‘smaller’ parties are going to do well tomorrow, but this really hit home for me. It’s bitter-sweet.
Adapted from Laurie and Sharon's book Mom...And Loving It!
Simon Field / five from Gordon Belgrave / 57-61
Due to the nature of my job (raising children) I find my cleaning standards have slipped somewhat. After a day spent washing up, sweeping food off the kitchen floor, wiping all the surfaces, picking up toys and random objects up off every floor in the house, cooking, looking after my kids, making beds, and hanging washing out, seventeen times over, I have no remaining energy to do any actual cleaning.
POSTED BY MIKE SMITH AT 9:38 AM 1 COMMENTS
But wait, broadcast industry opponents say. Aren’t broadcasters the rich and powerful few disenfranchising the rest of the country from having ubiquitous wireless broadband? Only they won’t say it quite like that, but the point is worth examining. Just 10 to 15 percent of U.S. households rely exclusively on over-the-air television. There is some evidence of cord-cutting–i.e., people ditching pay service for free TV–but not to the extent to suggest that ratio will double anytime soon. And we don’t know much yet about the adoption rate of mobile over-the-air TV because where is it already?
Our system is broken. Government serves the interest of big business and big business only serves the interest of a very few, wealthy elites. It’s time to make our economy and our politics work for working people.
One of the things that he taught was this;
Now I feel that I wasted my life, how I repent
I was nervous about reading this passage. It's pretty emotional. That's some crazy brutality, you know? They aren't dying fast enough as they slowly suffocate on a cross where they are hanging by their hands and feet so let's break their legs so they die faster. Oh- he's already dead so let's put a gash in his side so that he bleeds.
This time FVK provides brilliant material soundwise and musicwise. This is still weird narcotic hard core punk delivered with conviction and energy, probably their best recording so far.
Was hoping I would only have to beat cancer once, but the disease continues to foolishly pick on the wrong guy.
I've got to admit that I didn't know the Norfolk Broads was water, for some reason I just imagined it being fields. We learned little bits about it along the way, like they're man-made, but I did a bit more research here and have learned that the Broads is now the UK's largest nationally protected wetland. They are a man-made creation, formed when people dug for peat! Who knew?
“I don’t think that is the best way for having these changes. I don’t know on what basis they are going to charge us. The best option is dialogue,” said Asfaw Dingamo, Ethiopia’s minister of water resources.
I rode from my house to RC1's house and when I was just about there I came to a place in the trail where it stopped suddenly with friendly 'no trespassing' signs suggesting that I find another route. Instead, I picked up my bike and crossed the rail road tracks anyway. That experience loosely parallels my week. Pushing forward, creating my own path... That or a silly rummycube analogy about switching around the tiles until they fit just right. I like thinking in metaphor.
The juices today were the best yet. Breakfast was like a chilled, spiced carrot soup and lunch was like a thin salsa. Plus I had the Chocolate Nut Milk again for dinner because it was so enjoyable last night.
My legs tight until
Vacuum all carpeted areas and clean all other floors. Pull the couches away from the walls and get behind there. Every second week, remove the cushions and vacuum the inside of the couch on this day.
Earlier this week, the German small business foundation filed a criminal lawsuit against the Bundesbank, accusing the board of disguising the true scale of risk born by German citizens. If they knew all that Geli wants to sign them up for, the entire nation would have a fit of the vapours.
When I'm getting something off the amazon website, I select 'Download to PC' and then manually drag it onto my device to bypass their updates.
and is setting up shop at
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHA
they have cancer. It is important for these women to be
The morning was HARSH. Anytime I completely lose it to that extent (see yesterdays posts), I always wake up feeling like I got ran over by a semi-truck. My body did NOT want to move and I hurt SO bad. I was late getting DD to school, but I got her there. And from that point on……I’m pretty sure Hell froze over.
The wisdom of the world is still foolish today. One of the great discussion topics of our age is how we get to heaven. The pervasive world view is that everybody will get there some day depending on what you’re looking for. The world’s view claims it doesn’t matter which path you follow to get there. Many in the world’s intellectual and scientific communities believe heaven and hell don’t even exist. We who are being saved, however, know that Jesus would not have gone to the cross if He did not know there was something beyond this world. Those of us who are being saved also know human wisdom costs a person everything, but Godly wisdom affords us everything.
Devising what the day might bring:
i really liked this outfit because it was comfortable and good for running errands but still had that touch of style and fashion with it.
2010.08.27 Iraq Shurqat 3 3 A suspected al-Qaeda attack leaves three dead.
We’ll have faith because we’re clean — not just because of what Jesus did — but because we lived in Him, righteous, by His grace we overcame. We didn’t shrink back. We made sure that we stayed right with Him. We’re supposed to walk like Jesus walked. We can’t just do our own thing and think it’s okay because of some formula. “Without holiness, no man will see God.”
For an additional chance(s) to win:
entered her room with bouquet
Jen, who said
We have invented self-flushing toilets, self flowing faucets, instant hot water dispensers. Even my cat relies on all these things, like her automatic feeders! I fill these contraptions once a week, and automatically, with a paw- up into it, pellets drop in in just the right amount. She uses a cat litter with self-absorption-odor absorption qualities unequaled in history.We have invented so many devices, and machines, and applications to machines, machines that replace machines, that we no longer have to lift ourselves out of bed.
First, choose your background colour or paper. For my card, I chose a Robins Egg paper from Echo Park's Springtime Paper Pack No 1. Resize the paper according to the size of your project, then import your digital stamp:
This blog, prior to any changes
So although I didn’t have much technology at home I was getting pushed into it at school..
Similarly, the new ‘code of conduct’ says women should not travel without a male companion and they should not mingle with men in places like schools, markets or offices.
Of course, there’s a moral to this tale ~ a little piece of wisdom that you can apply to your own stay in the transitional zone of Veterans Campus. And that moral is: if you don’t like the roommate you got now, don’t worry. Be happy. You’ll get along just fine, sooner or later, like Davy Crockett & Paragon did ~ Paragon, that poor old rattlesnake with the negative aura so thick around him that it was downright impossible for him to see through it.
Armadillo came about because I wanted to see more review space for children's books. Barn Owl because Ann, an ex-teacher, believed passionately that good children's books went out of print all too soon in a market increasingly interested only in quick and plentiful sales. It's even worse now but none of us knew that at the time.
2. Gauge'n her ears out. I am presently wearing what appear to be large stainless steel curlicue fish hooks though each earlobe and while I don't recall the exact gauge they are about as big around as a common framing nail. They look wicked cool and divert attention away from the fact that I am 50, and dye my hair. Seriously. It works.
それじゃ～～ Pardon me for the short post. I have to go back to work for now.
~ heehee ~
Pendragon: Since your birth.
Twice a week she will go over to a school near our house and work with the specialist. They can increase it or decrease it, if needed. The lady who does it, is a member we know from our local pool, so that was nice seeing a friendly face. She told me I look just like Betty Draper from Mad Men. This made me laugh, and I felt the need to tell her I didn't drink or smoke while pregnant with Emily, like Betty did. This lady can be my BFF though for thinking I look like her though.
Michael helped me hold up the arches while I drilled in a few pilot holes and some dry wall screws. It's a good idea to really get those screws in flush with the MDF or even counter-sunk so you can't see them later. We installed the flat trim in the same way.
The sun which changed to snow over night left residents unprepared with how to get to work and doing there day to day things.
This is highly negative in nature and has some deadly impacts on married life.If a human gets married to another with Manglik dosh then the Manglik Dosh of partner will surely effect other's life.It has a single solution which is known as "Kumbh Vivah". This is the only way which can end this Dosh and may give prosperity to both Bride and Groom even if one has Major Manglik Dosh.
Sour cream for garnish
“The church she requested to attend is 180 degrees different from the ramblings of that hell, fire and brimstone preacher,” said Parnham. “She would just like to get back into a stable church whereby God and Christianity become a role in her life. There’s nothing nefarious about that.”
Baby Don't Tear My Clothes by The Raunch Hands
1 pear, cored, and cut into large cubes
Today I’ve been thinking about sentences and how to mangle them.
Mr. Requiro has soloed with the Tokyo Philharmonic, National Symphony Orchestra, Seattle Symphony, and and other orchestras across the U.S. His Carnegie Hall debut recital at Weill Hall was followed by a critically acclaimed San Francisco Performances recital at the Herbst Theatre. Soon after making his Kennedy Center debut, Mr. Requiro also completed the cycle of Beethoven’s Sonatas for Piano and Cello at the Phillips Collection in Washington, D.C. Actively involved in contemporary music, he has collaborated with composers Krzysztof Penderecki and Bright Sheng and most recently gave the Dutch premier of Pierre Jalbert’s Sonata for cello and piano at the 2010 Amsterdam Cello Biennale.
For the yogurt sauce:
I can honestly say that I am now a HUGE fan of Shannon Stacey! I will be scouring my library for her other books very, very soon. And I definitely cannot wait for the third book in this series, Yours to Keep.
SXSW: The roller coaster ride of SXSW is not well recorded. Lines, crowds, and an ass load of crappy bands can make you anxious. You are watching the third mediocre band of the night. You want to leave, but your friends like the band. You go to see your "can't miss pick of the night". There's a line. You wait for 15 minutes. You give up and wander. You try not to be pissed. You make a random call: "The Red Eyed Fly always has good Kharma for bands". You stop in to find the drunkest bunch of musicians you've ever seen playing the most kick ass gypsy music ever. A beer distributor gives you a free beer to "try" it. You've had it before, but pretend not to. You call your friends to come over cause "it kicks ass". Life is good.
“Boy!” Said the ancient voice, like carving the words into the bark of a tree.
M: “Hey babe?”
You can also see how we've got a layer of cement material in our walls (I think it's called rock lath like I mentioned here) - yep, that is fun to drill through and Aaron's Dad knows just how fun it is to sawzall through (someday we can get a proper intro to our kitchen for you).
So I let the associate know the jeweler had bent my ring while replacing the diamond the last time I brought it in to be fixed. They assured me my ring would be fixed and I would have it back on my finger within a few days.
And a lot more trust
Every day. Every single day I do this with my nemesis I75. And every single day I remember what a dumbass I am for thinking I can beat the odds, that I won't be thinking unkind thoughts about whomever caused the accident that has resulted in the bumper to bumper clusterfuck that is the worst commute in the nation. I lament the fact that they don't have formal drivers' education here, that the public transportation system is pretty much nonexistent and, of course, I berate myself for once again for forgetting that the back roads aren't just more scenic. They're more efficient, too.
Cake is always a very big party of wedding days, with that being said I've only ever eaten cake at one friends wedding and that is simply because it was forced down my throat by the groom. Odd, yes but it was a prank the Bride and Groom tried to play on myself and the bestman. I saw the prank coming a mile away and mouthed to the Bestman to "Duck!" he didn't understand and as I ducked and ran he got cake smashed in his face by the bride. The groom then chased me down and around the dance floor finally tackling me and giving me cake. Thankfully he and I are very close friends or I might have been really pissed not only at my bride/bff but at him too. Most weddings I go to I'm too busy dancing, or drinking to care about sweets, so while I was excited about planning my cake for my own wedding - I wasn't really concerned about eating it.
I am the luckiest Mom in the world. I was fortunate enough to spend Mother’s Day with my girls in Toronto. I love spending time with my girls and to be able to spend the whole weekend with them was fantastic. I do love spending time with them on the farm and I know My Hero would have loved that but circumstances found us in the city so we made the
Hibiscus aguas fresca
"It ain't over till the fat lady sings" he says,
After I finished watching Kelly Rowan's trials and tribulations trying to free her 16 year old daughter from a polygamist sect (I'm a sucker for the polygamy ones), I returned to discover a tub that was virtually spotless. I was in shock. My dad is seriously the smartest person alive.
Stella Telleria
Southend has suffered from its reputation as a place of down-market entertainment. The fun-fair atmosphere lends credence to this, persuading the snobs that this is not a place to visit, much less to be seen in, but I think that does Southend less than justice. There is more to the place than pubs, fish and chips and games arcades. In any case, I rather think that the merry chink of money in the tills removes any concerns about what the snobs think.
“Someone so beautiful should not be so angry,” Nightcrawler retorts.
Working in the tech environment that we do with creative advertising types you would expect to see a lot of iPods, digital camera’s and laptops. And you do. But I kind of always assumed that it was because of the environment. I guess with the news that Apple have managed to flog 100 million of the things in the last 5 years or so it stands to reason that you’re gonna see them out there amongst the masses :)
Not content with charging enormous up-front sums for leases on the pubs they own, the big pub chains have the nerve to then charge rent for the premises on top of that. They also dictate that the lessor "keep the standard of the pub up to their specification", so that a publican is not even allowed to decorate his own pub without their approval.
My party is a Hostess Appreciation Tea which is actually on my schedule for June. I can't wait to make the Creativity Journals with my sweet guests. We'll have hot teas, scones and quiche with a few other treats too. I enjoy this event so much each year, and I think the Journals will add to our fun.
It's behaving like a lady, or acting like a gentleman.
After so many incidents in which Palestinian propaganda has managed to rearrange the narrative so that the Israeli side appears to be the aggressor, we could expect the IDF brass, as well as Israel’s government, to show restraint, perhaps count to 30, before throwing their own man under the media bus. But, alas, both IDF Chief of Staff Benny Gantz and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu condemned a senior IDF officer for the way he appears on a selectively edited Palestinian video on You Tube.
680 gr. Mehl
However, I dug up some of the states for you to use:
My birthday is July 2nd, and what better gift could I give to myself that to reach this goal that’s nearing two years in the making? So from now until then, I’ll be giving Sunday updates/weekend wrap-ups on my progress called Birthday Gift Goal Updates.
Now marketing is dead. And it's not just dead, it's dead in caps, as in, "Marketing is Dead."
I would be more foolish than I've been,
The first of what is likely many. “Due to technical disturbances, Oslo Børs’ Equity and Bonds markets are temporary halted. Members may delete their orders in this state. Further information will follow. “
The surprising success at Prestonpans was the tinder that sparked the initial success of the Jacobite revolt in 1745: on 21 September 1745 the Jacobite army loyal to James Francis Edward Stuart and led by his son Charles Edward Stuart (Bonnie Prince Charlie) defeated the government army loyal to the Hanoverian George II led by General Sir John Cope at Prestonpans – a few miles outside Edinburgh.
Dude, I just like it.
at the age of seven (something that studies have shown makes the first
Preschool Literacy:
Phoebe Finds Her Voice is aimed at 7-11 year olds and is the first book in the Star Maker’s series.
“Madam, God himself could not sink this ship.” --A steward on the Titanic
“That’s next week’s lesson.”
“Are you making fun of me?” he’d ask.
¨ Jane Odiwe
That dynamic keeps both the friendly and the adversarial on notice that they are in thrall to a supremo that can play fast and loose with the pros and cons of fluid situations.
Noticing is what effected change for Simba in The Lion King. The voice of his father echoing from the past at last reminded him of that which he had long forgotten to pay attention to—his heart, his purpose, and his true identity. As he chose to be responsive to the truth, he was able to face his fears and return to the Pride Lands with a new perspective.
I ultimately reminded myself that all of our circumstances are different. I really know nothing about these people. Maybe their children were older and working independently when they became single moms. Maybe they didn’t start off their single parenthood with no money. Maybe they have grandparents nearby who help out. Maybe they didn’t move to a foreign country where they have no work history the year before they became single parents. Who knows. All I can focus on is where my situation is right now and how to best handle it.
In the stack of stuff were three envelopes from my attorney.
I’ve been told by more than one person that I have the mouth of a sailor. Some of my favorite expletives involve a combination of the words “hairy,” “ballsack,” and “wrinkly.” This didn’t come naturally for me. I had to work at it, practice my trade, experiment with new combinations. I’ve worked very hard to have a mouth even the British Orbit lady couldn’t clean up.
During our visit Iceland was unseasonably cold. It was so cold in fact that we purchased an extra layer at Iceland's own 66˚N so we could withstand the coldness. Being on a boat only amplified that and we had to remember that this is summer.
My stomach hurt like crazy & still does.
"In Mexico City, i'm known as puerco chupacabra."
Songs vary;
How did they get there?
Do you have any siblings? What are they like?
Water (or sparkling water if you're fancy)
One gift that was in Shelby's stocking that she loved were these light up tooth brushes.
“I have worked for 40 years, paid taxes for 40 years and paid NI for 40 years. I have been on DLA for 6 years and if I were still able to work I would still be on £40,000 pa and have a company car instead of a Motorbility car. I would travel the country using my first class rail warrant and stay in 4* hotels using my generous expense account. I had dignity, self belief, respect and I loved my job. However, it would seem that one day I decided to become disabled, poverty stricken and treated like a criminal. As a life style choice it was a disaster! Now it seems I am guilty of attempted fraud, worthless, a burden on society and a waste of space. Does anybody really believe that I prefer my life now? Drug addicts, while also needing help, are treated with more compassion and they made an informed choice to start using. I did not choose to be this way and I expect to be given as much support.” Derek Benyon, Leicestershire; sick for 7 years
I recently cancelled my cable (for the second time) due to escalating costs and a general disgust at the lack of quality programming. I won’t lie and say I’ve never indulged in reality smut for entertainment. I have caught myself watching Bachelor Pad and no part of me is proud of it. It is the “train-wreck” factor that keeps people paying attention to most of the stuff that passes for good TV.
I told by boss my leaving date this week and put the rumours to rest. Clients naturally got told first, but news travels fast with only a matter of weeks to go and soon everyone knew. condolences and wishes of good luck come flooding in, the work floods in and dries up at the same time – it is a funny one.
Hospital in Empangeni on Wednesday night after undergoing an emergency
And for hot coffee... to make those chilly mornings even more enjoyable!
We had a conference with the neonatologist this afternoon and he said that her breathing issues are a result of her prematurity and she would need to stay in the NICU until she is able to breathe without assistance and keep her pulse ox in the 90s. This could take days or weeks, every baby is different.
But who am I, I need to know
I don’t mean to be disrespectful and I know that Mike Melvoin — who penned five tunes, including the New York songs, on the album and lends his considerable talents on piano — unfortunately passed away in February. But I can’t help feeling I’ve heard this all before. Basse is compared by some critics and the album’s publicity to Mel Torme, Ray Charles and Dr. John (Dr. John, really?) but in truth he’s a lot closer to Harry Connick, Jr. without as much sparkle and wit.
Once the chicken is golden, add the mushrooms and carrots and stir for a couple of minutes to soften slightly.
NIGHT OF THE DRIBBLER
(And I feel delirious
I got off early from work so I could be home in time to lock all the doors, draw all the curtains and hide under the covers of my bed until at least 3:30. Just in case.
He may not always take part in our insane escapades or hang around the newsroom as much as we do, but I love Ryan too death. I know he’s all Arts and Entertainment now, but he can never forget where he started – an Assistant News Editor. There are very few people I would put money on, but Ryan is one of them. He’s not only going places, but he’s already gotten places. I’ve never seen anyone at the paper that can write a feature like this kid. He’s pretty awesome.
06/03 – San Francisco, CA @ Slims
05 Algeria
In itself, the tale of the publication of Into the Cannibal’s Pot: Lessons For America From Post-Apartheid South Africa bears telling. For while this polemic respects no political totems or taboos, it is faithful to facts. These facts cried out to be chronicled. They should not have had a struggle to find their way into print.
The victim’s friend, a young woman, tried to pull him back into his car. Attackers came after her, pulling her hair, punching her head and causing a bloody scratch to the surface of her eye. She called 911. A recording told her all lines were busy. She called again. Busy. On her third try, she got through and, hysterical, could scream only their location.
Beauty the Broken Being.
Ford: yes Churchill was also an anti-Kenyan pro-colonialist
When I got to the park I confirmed with the ranger that there was a water fountain at the summit. I knew this would be about 11 miles and I figured I had enough water to get me up there. Once at the top, the Visitor Center, my options for getting back opened up. It felt like a safe plan, so I went for it. Halemau’u Trailhead to the Summit, then possibly back from there or a quick trip back to the car via the road that went to the summit, or, I could hitchhike down if I needed it.
We were sad to see the last course, but in a way we were so stuffed, we couldn’t have fit anymore. Unlike Kristien, I have a natural hatred of all things cheesecake, so I had a big decision to make during the whole meal. Would I eat the Marscapone Cheesecake that was served with strawberries and basil? At first I wasn’t sure, but just after the amuse bouche I knew that I trusted Chef Arik to give me something that would blow me away. Let me say, this was an amazing dessert. It was not too sweet and just right in terms of creaminess. The little ribbons of basil, too, added nice bursts of flavor to the cake. Mary paired this course with a great Muscat from Rurtherglen that wasn’t overly sweet.
(115030) and is matted on circles punched from the circle punches as well as the scallop circle punch. Again inside I have the envelopes, this time Very Vanilla
In the light of His glory and grace.
Each morning when we roll out of bed we are given the world. We can make that day into anything we want just by starting the day right. I must admit, most mornings I hit snooze 10 times, each time dreading more the next time it goes off. The second that alarm goes off I flood my head with negative thoughts; 'ugg its another work day', 'I wonder what fires I will have to put out today', 'I can't wait until today is over', 'why did he break up with me?'. I'll give you one guess how my days turn out! I am a self-fulfilling prophecy. My days are slow, filled with turmoil and work problems, and I am sad and lonely. So today I tried something new! My alarm when off and I smiled. Not because I wanted to but because I needed to. I kissed my dog good morning and she bounced happily out of bed. Down the stairs we went and made some tea and scrubbed the kitchen clean. I drove to work listening to happy music, I greeted everyone with a smile, I sent out 'Good Morning!' texts. I greeted my work crew and checked in with them and I made another cup of tea. Then I opened my reader and found just what I needed to read on Elephant Journal :
RYAN: You can’t go wrong with pairing food and friends.
This is a physical attack. The bible say that our mouths are sharp and deadly poison it also says that Gods word is a sharp two edged sword that cuts to the bone and marrow.
I crack open each pack
13. At 29,500 sq. ft., Universal Studios’ Stage 12 is the 7th largest soundstage in the world. It was originally built for the 1929 musical Broadway.
So what exactly is Lie To Me about?
It was not a brighter day in Nassau. It rained the entire trip but we were going on the island this time. You can’t let a little rain ruin your vacation. It is all about how you make your experience. We even made fashionable rain outfits out of trash bags! Some of us had on dresses, cardigans, and coats made out of a plastic bag. It was hilarious and we dressed it up with accessories like belts. When we got off the ship we ran to the island, which we didn’t need to do because there were shuttles taking us from the ship to the entrance of the island. We got wet for nothing but we kept pressing on.
Before the Lord ever brought Caleb, my husband, into my life, it was my desire to find ways, as a single girl, that I could be a blessing to a future husband that I didn't know yet. I sought to find ways that I could be a Proverbs 31 wife, bringing her husband good all the days of her life, and during this time, I made a list of some applicable things I could do for my future husband that would act as blessing.
Here's to getting speedy!
“So Santa, have you been Santa long?”
Yep, that’s right, yawnology - the field of science dedicated to the study of yawns. Alright, I made that word up, but there really is quite a bit of research devoted to the phenomenon of yawning. It might sound frivolous and boring, but I assure you it is neither of those.
and the dust rises
But Travis beat me by finishing the beam early... and then we moved upstairs the very next day!
The other thing I love about this is that I don’t have to start out all kinds of wonderful. God seems to be very generous when it comes to handing me seeds to plant. It’s good, because new gardeners and farmers make mistakes in their planting. Planting or sowing isn’t merely a matter of throwing handfuls of seeds onto the ground and hoping for the best. Some seeds must be planted deeper than others. Some need more space while some are good with crowding. Some need more water or more sun or more acid or more alkalinity. The production of a really beautiful, vibrant, fruitful harvest will probably be the end result of lots of mistakes and failures as the new gardener learns and becomes an experienced gardener. The gardener who achieves fruitfulness will be the one who persevered. “Doing good” seems much the same.
Ok y'all (ja, YOU GUYS, who are out there, reading this. The one's I usually shamefully ignore. The ones I seldom address directly. I'm going to lay this on the line for you ... )
Here is a wide shot of the family room. The front door is on the right side of where I'm standing to shoot this picture and the staircase is to the left.
I had a meeting yesterday with the team at Simon & Schuster, along with my agent Luigi Bonomi. They detailed the global campaign planned for COVENANT, and it is utterly awesome. I learned a huge amount about how the campaign is designed to produce 'tail-off', maintaining a book's prominent placing on the shelves, along with all sorts of details involving the television adverts, posters, on-line and supermarket promotions. The list was immense, and apparently regarded as one of the biggest and best debut launch campaigns ever seen ( in Australia ).
I created formats for my comics, books, CD’s, DVD’s…even my video games. I’d like to talk about the books.xml file I put together, and how it’s changed across 7 years.
And suddenly, I was a multi-tasker. My MamaEar was attuned to the cry of my kids. And it was good. To everyone but the adult trying to talk to me. But I figured, the adult could deal. The baby and the toddler had to be attended to. Or a ruckus would be raised, in my honor. And frankly, while I appreciated the effort involved, I could do without the ruckus. Who needs one more ruckus?
Romantic fiction - aimed at adults
HopeNChange™ - it's what's for dinner ...
Let our voices sing Him our praises
Look closely, though, and the belief in a 2012 apocalypse has a great deal in common with the belief that asset prices can have an infinite upside. Both beliefs offer grand narratives that replace the ordinary patterns of human existence with a something-for-nothing fantasy. The bubble believers insist that they can have limitless wealth without having to work for it; the 2012 believers insist that they can have the new and improved world they think they want—whether that amounts to a new age of enlightenment, on the one hand, or a Hollywood movie world of heroic survivors blazing away against hordes of roving zombies, on the other—without having to work for it. In either case, what drives the fantasy is the conviction that it makes sense to sit on your backside and wait for the market, or the space brothers, or something else to give you the future you think you deserve.
The main problem with appealing to epicycles & deferents is that while it may explain features like retrograde motion and make reasonably accurate predictions (such as the old Ptolemaic model), it isn’t consistent with other celestial observations, such as…
She narrowed her eyes. “Yes, but…well, this really isn’t what I had in mind.”
Ahh… I just can’t get over them. I’ve seen them twice already. I wanted to watch them all the time but that would mean restless nights because I would definitely dream about being there. And I dream my character is stronger than Rindaman. Hahahah. I like that both films end with him and Genji fighting one-on-one. And I hope Genji won this time.
Went to Di's big 50 Birthday bash and even the dull weather didn't stop us having a great time....food from her youth, plenty of drink, playing on the Xbox and a tune on the sax what more could a birthday need!.... Oh good chums.... SORTED.
Maximum Level: None
For me, the enduring memory was that moment Jacob Zuma ended his 56-page speech with the thunderous slogan, "Amandla!" to which the crowd responded with an equally deafening "Ngawethu!"
Dundrum Town Centre was opened in 2005 having been built by Anglo “Golden Circle” member Joe O’Reilly and fellow Longford man, the late Liam Maye. The site was reportedly bought for €10.2m. With 79,000 sq metres it claims to be the biggest shopping centre in the State. It is reported to contribute some €7m per annum in local authority rates to DunLaoghaire-Rathdown County Council. The Irish Times claims that the centre had a footfall of 19m, that is 19m visitors, last year and further claims “a great many of them from the affluent south Dublin suburbs”. Phase II of the centre has been given the green light by planning authorities but its future is in doubt against the backdrop of the economic crisis – Phase II was to have been a €600m development which would have seen 101,000 sq metres of space added making the shopping centre the largest in Europe.
That's it. Painless right? I would be forever grateful if you would just take an extra second out of your busy day to leave some words for me. And feel free to comment Anonymously if you would like. I won't mind. It's all for the sake of this blog. Because IHeart this blog, and IHeart you.
Gasoline Facts & Tips - Retail Marketing.” Sunoco, Inc.. N.p., n.d. Web. 16 Apr. 2012.
In the mean time, I decided to start keeping track of just what words Goldie can say. I started yesterday counting only spoken words, no matter how hard they were to understand. I was blown away that she used 87 different words!! I had no idea she was using that many. Today we weren't as diligent, but I noticed a bunch of words that she didn't say yesterday, so tomorrow we are going to keep track again. I also think its important that most of these were said without prompting. She either initiated the conversation or repeated them after I used them in a sentence. Goldie is not a "performer" so the best way to know where she is developmentally is to watch and interact with her during normal family routines.
I'm getting off topic here. I'm starting to rant and rave a little.
But at this morning’s preview, he defended the remark, saying: ‘I am concerned with comfort. I know that it’s important but I don’t want to have this evoked in my design.
For example, just this lunchtime a nice account man named Matt was sent out in the pouring rain to deliver a laptop and broadband stick to some senior suits and clients. What was so important? Well, they were on a lunch jolly and they fancied looking at their website.
As of January 1st. 2011 every cab will run on meters. The meters will be paid for by the owners of the company, the meters will be purchased from a distributor to be named by the city. Every cab will run the same model of meter and will be calibrated by the distributor every 6 months. The cost of calibration will be covered by the owner/broker of the cab.
Hubby and I have never been to one of the celebrations, but so many people visit that there would be no place to park, and no way to get near the elephant enclosure anyway. Packy's parties have always been very popular events, and today thousands are expected to wander through the gates to visit him.
Shouldn’t DBKL be busy attending to all these? Or have they also sub-contracted all duties for some quick and easy earnings?
On top of the onion massacre, there was the prospect of cleaning the turquoise chopper, which by the way, isn’t the easiest thing to do. I damn near mutilated my hand with the stainless steel blades while trying to clean all the slightly inaccessible areas under the plastic cover! I thought this was supposed to simplify my life, not take it!
A QUESTION TO ANSWER. Why Isn’t There More Healing? There are many hindrances to receiving healing. We look at just a couple of them.
No more diapers
Rating - 5 out of 5
Mom's usual lead a pretty tattered scattered life, so hope this inspires you to come up with something good for your Mom's this year.
Cuando esté la lista puesta y si estais en ella me mandais un mail para confirmar el encargo (mi email está en la barra lateral, en la sección de Contacto). Contestaré a los correos tan rápido como pueda.
Denis Gagnon, Jeremy Laing, Lida Baday, Line RUNWAY, Mikhael Kale, Pink Tartan, Smythe, Wayne Clark, Wings + Horns
4 nonetheless
God Of Miracles, we pray that miracles and testimonies shall become come in our lives in this month, as we commonly breath in air on daily basis freely without knowing the value, but we say thank You, Lord for making the air available to us and granting us the privilege to have them so freely and we decree that in every seconds, minutes, hours, mornings, afternoons, evenings, nights, days and weeks in this month, we shall live in miracles, we shall dwell in testimonies all way through and we shall testify in the midst of the saints and to the glory of God, the Father, God, the Son and God, the Holy Spirit, this we pray, receive and claim over our lives in Jesus Name. Amen*7times, 7times and 7times.
“Less of Self, and more of Thee.”
Sickos
The connection between the title & the story only surfaces after you are about 80% into the book, leaving me very non-motivated to even read further to find out what the iron tooth is about in the first place. Even when I did find out what the iron tooth is about, & how it helps the story move further, it’s too late, since the author by then had successfully bored me.
This association is like Summer in a mouthful, if Summer were to decide she got a little tired of eating salad and drinking water all day long. This is the part when Summer gets fun.
Naturally the move has taken a lot of time, Thursday and Friday last week were busy days regarding this. However, my time was not all spend humping furniture a fifty five years of collected items, on Saturday, along with Liz Hazell, our Walsall UKIP branch treasurer and Albert and Graham Duffen from Birmingham, I drove up to Skegness for the UKIP Spring Conference – which to say the least was a very uplifting day – UKIP is really on the march now and becoming a real threat to the other, longer established but totally failed, political parties.
It is changing the landscape of education.
Never think you are alone in these world. No matter how sad you are you are not alone. There always at least someone who cares maybe he/she close with you but they can feel what you feel. it’s the worst feeling in the world when you feel alone and there is no one here for you
After losing nearly two hours due to diversions, road-works and unplanned comfort breaks we arrive at the home of Our Hero’s Trusted Side-kick Dom with just enough time for a caffeine and nicotine top-up before loading Dom and his gear (including a much appreciated crate of beer) in the car and back onto the road… Straight into the tail-end of the hurricane that has been visiting Northern Britain over the past few days… Beware High Winds!! And Bad Drivers!!!!
How are you affected by the size of the room you’re in?
Over the past year or so, I've been in a lot of boutiques that are a little new to me. A big reason for that has been location--Minneapolis, Las Vegas, Dallas, and Paris offer some great stores. But I knew what I wanted to look at long before I walked in. In Burberry, I wanted to find THE trench, and I did. How? I walked in, I started looking around, I got approached, and I accepted the offer of help. I told the sales assistant that I was only looking (I said this first off), but I felt it time to think about investing in a trench (given I've been considering this for ten years, my sense of time clearly is fluid). The ensuing discussion and try-ons were about fitting me. That's it. I took the information on the sales assistant's card. When I decide to purchase it, he's who I call. It was all professionally handled--my end, his end. In other words, it wasn't about the cupid's singing--it was about finding information.
In 1950, the remains of Wingate and his nine companions were disinterred from their grave in India. With his family’s agreement, Wingate was taken to what US Military personnel hold to be sacred ground. On the old plantation of confederate General Robert E. Lee, in what is now Arlington National Cemetery, Orde Charles Wingate was laid to rest with full military honors. The fact that this was done at a time when the United States was occupied by the expansion of communism in Asia and a frightening face off with Soviet forces in Europe speaks volumes about how highly the United States Military regarded Orde Wingate.
As a result, it was immensely refreshing for me to read the below article by Aadil Palkhivala, an Ayurvedic practitioner who is widely regarded as one of the world’s top yoga teachers. Things that particularly resonated with me are his simple yet powerful statements like ‘There is no perfect diet, and no ideal food. I encourage you to monitor your food intake to determine what works for you and what doesn’t—diet has to be adjusted individually’. Good common sense in many respects, and principles that are easy to follow and live by. I look forward to reading much more from this wise man! (See the original article at http://www.yogajournal.com/for_teachers/697?utm_source=DailyInsight&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DailyInsight).
When all the milk is added
There! No more blank page.
I did actually sew the faux stitching on my sewing machine, but the thread ran out, so I just left the wholes and markered the stitching... I love these papers, but were a little too soft so added a good rub of ink... including to the ribbon and button...
So God suffers, in other words we suffer, especially our most male component that tries to do good. In other words we believe that any really good men will need to suffer to the point of dying, which in turn will make accompanying good women suffer accordingly, which in turn will make it even harder for people not particularly good at life to catch a break, and since it will be done unto us as we believe, no wonder we can’t seem to stop killing each other incessantly for even two minutes at any given point in time. No wonder we keep ourselves perpetually too lazy to clean up after our own filth, or toss a can in a recycling bin. No wonder those of us who believe that God is greater than the consciousness of a suffering person constantly have to work harder after those who insist on worshipping suffering itself as though it is their own God; as if it is themselves. Since it shall be done unto us as we believe, or at least so says that guy supposedly, can we stop believing in a suffering God now and start believing in a happy one? It seems to be what Jesus would have wanted for us; to believe in a happy God. Or would anyone rather believe in a God that wants us to suffer?
I feel more comfortable walking along the shore (a more open, spacious feeling). When I am walking the trails in the wooded parks, it feels more closed in and secluded and I'm not comfortable walking alone.
My dad doesn't think the evening has ended until he's bought some more hooky dvd's. He was buying 10 a night, he has more films than blockbusters.
If you don’t want to spend money on a dresser but you have a complicated dress/bustle make sure that you have a bridesmaid or two with you at your final fitting to learn how to get you in your dress. Do not have your mother be the one to have to get on the floor—in her dress—to get you in or to bustle your dress before the reception.
I collect everything African from artifacts and books to my gatherings from the countryside around me. Here are just a few of the books in my collection.
When you on the internet possibly even feel the number of choices, you quickly discover how there is work of fiction accessories tips on how to techniques to bag a designer handbag round judgement.
Jim discloses that he was looking at a wall comprised of hundreds upon hundreds of infant bodies, all wrapped in Buddhist ceremonial fabrics, stacked one upon another. Again, Garrow provides no clues with which to test the veracity of this statement, and its purpose seems designed to re-enforce the Western view that the Chinese kill their unwanted daughter's wholesale, against all verifiable evidence to the contrary. (For a short overview of different "Blood Libel" accusations in history, read "Fetus Food: Another Urban Legend Busted", eSkeptic, March 21, 2012).
Today's good thing is that my 20-year-old daughter drinks her coffee from a Star Trek mug. It's my Star Trek mug ... from Ten-Forward on the Enterprise ... you know, the starship mess hall. She could so easily think I'm completely lame -- and probably does, in other ways -- but she shares my love of geek-dom. Live long and prosper.
AND, to keep it fair for everyone who isn't on facebook, one random comment on this blog post will win this set too!
The patent-in suit, simply put, is a computerized method for securing debt with future credit card receivables. While the patent inventor, Barbara Johnson, implemented an aggressive marketing and business development program that brought this financing method to widespread use, she did not invent a new business method. Rather, Johnson built on long-established prior art, packaged the idea in a
Non-seasonally adjusted stats
and an outstanding writer on music.
Do you see the packet of gummy candy? Gummy cherries to be precise ..... delicious!!!!
Now without you
The Osaka Minami 2011 International Beer Festa will be held over three days.
That benediction of late roses lives in me, still.
Both Jan (here) and someone calling himself Bill in Oz (here) have recently mentioned an idea of the follower in tango accompanying the leader, as a way of resolving the problems of possible negative connotations of the term "follower." I've been giving this some thought...
Oh and before I forget, our special sister, Deb’, well she requested we ordered her a new sim card, she wanted to make sure her soon to be ex-husband couldn’t text or ring her so that was organised, although ironically, whilst standing in the O2 shop, he rang and we hung up on him 3 times within a matter of minutes before removing the battery and sim card and oops he can’t contact her again on there, whoopee.
Here's the revised layout:
Iran armed their first wave of missiles with EMP warheads designed to unleash a devastating shockwave that destroyed all electronics as soon as they were shot down by the missile defense system. As the nation’s capital dark within a milliseconds the military realized that an Electromagnetic Pulse had just taken everything offline and realized that the city would be reduced rubble in just a matter of moments as more missiles screamed through the sky toward Tel-Aviv.
In other news, yesterday, our friend Amy decided, for her birthday, to conduct a full, costumed, drunken enactment of "Annie," held at a local theater (off hours). I'd say there were about 50 people there plus a bunch of kids. Many were costumed (myself included,) many were drunk on gin and tonics at 10 in the morning (ditto). Sadly, my camera decided to die yesterday morning, so there are no extant photographs of me in my Miss Hannigan outfit. Damn. There was a wig involved, and a red bra, and Mardi Gras beads, and a flask. (Oh, and fair warning to all of you - should you ever find yourself in a situation in which you are expected to perform a largely impromptu 30's period piece musical with many of your friends, DO NOT listen to your significant other if he or she suggests that it would be a good idea to put REAL gin in your prop flask, as that would be "method acting." This, as it turns out, is a BAD IDEA.)
Jerry
The man at the Auto-Body-Repair Shop said he'd lend me a courtesy car, and so he did. It was quite a nice car in some ways, apart from the rattles, the rust and the black smoke, but it was very small and had a ridiculously low bucket seat, the type that has a 6 inch ledge all round your thighs. With great difficulty I managed to manouevre myself into this ground-level driving seat, with my legs sticking horizontally forward into the well. I drove off, noticing as I did so that the car wouldn't go into second gear, and shortly afterwards, that the petrol gauge registered zero.
This view clearly has much wider significance. That it is at the edges of practically any sphere, from science to society, that diversity and innovation can be found. If you want to know what the next interesting thing will be, look to the edges of society where ideas clash and fuse. Permaculture itself has been pretty marginal for years – as has the eco-movement. Hippies have been quietly living in woods, harvesting water and composting poo for a long time – it is only now that those ideas are gaining weight in the mainstream.
In other words, the use of mantras are not God pleasing. God does not want anyone approaching Him in a senseless manner. He wants us to rightfully use the mind He created for us. To approach the most holy LORD of all, without using the gift of our full senses is an abomination and a gross sign of disrespect. It’s being silly — and we are not to act silly before God Almighty. That is sinful.
So, yesterday was my one year blogging anniversary! I'm ashamed to admit that I didn't even notice until late last night, by which time it was too late to get out the candles or whip up a cake. Instead, we'll have to celebrate a day late - and with a warm, tender loaf of quick bread in place of white cake and buttercream.
Returning to Singapore, we both were taken on as legal assistants in Laycock & Ong, a thriving law firm in Malacca Street. Then we married officially a second time that September 1950 to please our parents and friends. She practised conveyancing and draftsmanship, I did litigation.
Our bus, when it came, carried us across our blue and orange bridge with a neon Rapunzel residing in one of the towers. I was sitting with Gray who informed me as we bounced across its grated surface, "This is a opening up bridge."
I will be announcing the random challenge winner and Amanda's Top 3 and GD choice at the end of this post.
I thought I had ended The Shade Of The Moon last Tuesday (or was it Wednesday- I don't remember, but it was one of those days that started with last), and then I was going to Washington DC (I did, and I have the pictures to prove it), and then I was going to spring clean my apartment.
His gentle tug on swollen lips confirms that fact
Stay posted (or subscribe) to see pictures of the finished set before anyone other than me gets to touch it!
Do I feel hurt? Of course not! I think I'm probably ten times more vain than most people, so probably twice as much as other gyaru lol.
Reflecting back on my best bosses over the years I realized they all had a common trait. As one said, his job was to be an umbrella for his team. I loved the image then and kept it in mind as I moved into supervision. So how is a boss an umbrella for those below him?
A Very Merry Daughter of the Bride (Not for Children) ... LMN ... 8 PM
Luckily, there is one male LPN on duty tonight to share the task. So I do what I am trained to do. I step up on that step stool and position my clasped hands just above the tip of the sternum. Whatever sleepiness that had settled in during my uneventful evening was now flushed away with a sea of adrenaline. I begin to throw all my weight into compressing this man's rib cage as I repeatedly check his pulse rate on the monitor. Too slow or too shallow and I'm not circulating enough blood.
Sure and steady on your feet.
Raymundo Eli Rojas (Rojas): René, for those who are unfamiliar with you and your works, can you tell us a little bit about yourself? Where were you born and raised? Education? Where are you living now? Anything else you want to share.
My “Cornish” daughter was still in evidence today – this one may run and run. She laughs with us about it and to hear a nearly 8-year old answer everything with “…my lover” in a broad accent is funny.
The neighbor’s wife, who had just returned from shopping at the grocery store, saw her husband’s mouth on the woman’s mouth and slammed her husband in the back of the head with a bag of canned goods, knocking him out and cutting his scalp to a point where it needed stitches.
Today's weight 9st 2lb ( target weight ). Going out for a big scoff tonight for stepsons 30th birthday so that will soon change.
The FpU have decided to file charges after being attacked in the May 1 parade
Moon in all you splendor, know only my heart;
These are just a few suggestions. Where will you be heading for your spring travel this year?
This month we had 11 appointment and one 5 day hospital stay.
The show was marred only by Annoying Forced Laugh Guy who clearly was trying to make an indelible impression for the recording.
in stilettos and
You are always with me
Book-The Lost Hero
The housing payout shock comes after the hook-handed cleric won the right to keep his British ­citizenship. That victory raised fears he will be successful in his fight to avoid extradition to the US to face terror ­charges.
Well… It all started when I had a summer class with a group of High School girls. They kept talking about these dramas… How cute the men were .. How pretty the girls were… how they cried and laughed and just fell in love with every character. I thought awww… isn’t that cute. Their little obsession ..aww to be a teenager again. I figured I needed to stay hip and on top of the latest fads.. being a teacher… so I had better watch one so I can identify with my teenage girl students….Then OMG…I was hooked. Oh… they are like .. extended versions of our afterschool specials but with a little more humor and action.
"I WAS LISTENING TO YOU. IT'S JUST THAT I HAVE THINGS ON MY MIND."
And the fear betrayed her.
And there came a day, a day unlike any other, when Earth's mightiest heroes found themselves united against a common threat. On that day, the Avengers were born—to fight the foes no single super hero could withstand!
Note that we plotted WKU first, followed by other member Sun Belt institutions. After that, the remaining Kentucky schools went on. Beyond that, I left it up to my son to ask questions and pick states until the session ended. This morning, he rolled out of bed, and his first words to me were, “What about Rhode Island?” So, we put URI’s baby blue and Providence’s black on the map before breakfast.
all may hear th’effectual call,
Avatar (2009)
3 TBLS sugar
I know I posted this picture a while back, but I didn’t write what I was thinking or I tried to post with my iPhone and the text didn’t show up. Anyway, here’s what I was thinking when I snapped the photo.
Learning Time
By: Cat Stevens
Butter for the dish and frying
Now, if I could just get those yellow and orange yarns. I wonder if the mailman has come yet?
7. Some people will argue that Columbus Day is a day for recognition of Italians, an Italian Pride Day. Are Italians more worthy of recognitionthan other ethnic groups in this country we have proudly (?) nicknamed"The Melting Pot"? I have heard Italians say that Germans have Oktoberfest, the Irish have St. Patrick's Day and Mexicans have Cinco deMayo, but none of those are FEDERAL holidays. The only two ethnic groups worthy of recognition for their contributions and sacrifice in this land are those who were ALREADY HERE when the Europeans came and those who the Europeans BROUGHT HERE IN CHAINS. All other ethnic groups came here voluntarily. It was long overdue but African Americans finally got their holiday - Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day in January.... but Native Americans still don't have a holiday (urge your congressmen and women to support House Bill #167).
compost rich soil for raised beds
Then I get another text "it's all good, I got it"
Perception According to Sankhya Philosophy
And my boys are constantly encouraged to snag their workbooks or drawing pads and let loose... which IHeart!
To read more of the Deckboss post ”Legislature lavishes aquaculture industry with cash”, please click here -http://deckboss.blogspot.ca/2012/05/legislature-lavishes-aquaculture.html
I quickly feel the unmistakeable snapping of ribs. My instant reaction is to let off the pressure but I know what has to be done. I continue to pound away while the doctor and nurses scramble with heart stimulating drugs and paddle shocks. Minutes seem like hours as I stare into his eyes, hoping to see a glimmer of consciousness. 15 minutes...25 minutes...35 minutes...
Meanwhile in the East. The Indonesian Teen model Manohara, whom married to the Malaysians Princes Tengku Muhammad Fakhry Petra (at the age of 14, -now 18’teen), is inspiring new depths between those old national wounds of Indonesia and Malaysia.
Money Concepts International, Palm Gardens, Florida
The ban on food donations was made by an inter-agency task force that includes the departments of Health and Homeless Services.
1995 – 2000: Around this time I developed asthma. I suppose that’s what all those bronchitis bouts were leading up to. Don’t worry. If you get this, the medications are very good now and you won’t be left like Che Guevara – alone and infirm in a tent, breathing into an empty, paper bag.
Today, it’s Summer.
My parents have had the same phone number since I was two years old, which means it's been the same number for a very long time.
Audi’s Q3 is an interesting proposition. It’s aimed squarely at the BMW X1 and offers decent performance from a range of small petrol and diesel engines. Combining sporty premium SUV features in a compact body, the Q3 range starts at R370,000. It looks a little ordinary but its strength will be in ride, road holding and luxury interior. In a move that is most unlike Audi, there are some really funky colours available for the Q3. Google “Samoa Orange” if you don’t believe me.
I also purchased various dried herbs- these are often served on a Greek salad and mixes for making authentic tzatziki. And of course some real Feta cheese. Rich and creamy, salty, moist and slightly sour, semi-solid and certainly not hard and tasteless like you often find here.
As if these were not enough of a reason for both to remember the fixture, Alan Ball broke his leg by, in his own words, sitting on it. That injury kept the England midfielder out of his country’s end of season tour; the FA had to do something given England’s failure to qualify for the World Cup finals in West Germany that summer.
Handwriting: Part of the writing process is the ability to put words on paper. I know. Seems kinda obvious, right? But I've known a lot of parents (*points to self*) who expect their kids to journal and create and express their loving hearts out on paper before this skill has taken root. For some kids, the fine motor control just isn't there until age eight or so. Until then, don't feel like you're "cheating" if your child is verbalizing answers and sentences while you write them down.
* severe head and skull pains and pressures—not traditional “headaches”
Meanwhile, Greene was acting her heart out, doing the best she could with the character of a burned-out, child-like brown-acid-victim, who hysterically confesses to crimes she hasn’t committed in order to pad out the plot… but her refusal to burst into song, or call upon the “Pie Hole” gang to help solve the case definitely counts against her here. It was kinda cool to see her dressed as a hippie-ish “rock chick” though… more of that, please! Martin just seemed to be irritated by everyone and everything she encountered… presumably because she knows she’s the heroine of a murder mystery story, who can’t actually solve murder mysteries. That must be quite frustrating for her. Siemaszko was mostly there to react to exposition, but she managed to keep things fairly lively, so a tip of the hat to her for that… and I enjoyed Tina Lifford’s turn as ‘Bonnie’, the kindly owner of the B&B where the main characters take their regular coffee breaks. Other than that, everything was pretty yawn-worthy…
there are a great many people in this world. we drive exactly one of them and even then i'm not sure how affixed the steering wheel is. what kind of car do you drive?
Although there is beautiful scenery, “Treasure Island” takes an unflinching look at the hardships of the seafaring life and features genuine tension. After the camp silliness of “Pirates of the Caribbean,” the authenticity is refreshing. As for all the stabbing and the like, well, as Long John Silver says, without violence or the threat of it, “other men take what’s yours and they live the life that should be yours.”
The cellphone number was not answered on Sunday, however.
Excellent hook! I can’t imagine anyone not wanting to read what comes after that. Let’s reel ‘em in with an excerpt … three sentences long! Yep, that’s it. Three!
I also have no idea what she's eating, how much she's exercising, what she's learning, how she's learning, whether she's tidying up after herself, whether she's minding her manners, how she's spending her money, what music she's listening to, how much TV she's watching, whether she's brushing her teeth and wearing her retainers, and so on and so on. I don't ask, she doesn't offer, I just don't know.
“Something like that. Animals can figure out how to live around cities. But they can’t get the concept of roads. They’re wired to go from one place to another the same way, over and over, no matter what’s in the way.”
Kamla unphased by the picong from calypsonians….maybe that is why she avoid Skinner Park this year?
Won’t force it because to break this beautiful cycle would be suicide.
6. Mirror
12.wuthering wind
I slammed on my brakes and surveyed the scene. I could hardly breathe and was momentarily overwhelmed with the sights and sounds of those few seconds. As a neighbor and Mr. Dorsey rushed to Michael’s aid I turned around and rode as fast as I could to his house, back up the hill on Rittenhouse and a right turn onto 48th Avenue. A block later as I turned left, onto our street, I passed Michael’s five-year old sister Sandy at the corner and shouted to her as I passed, “Michael’s been hit by a car!” Climbing the stairs to their front porch I pounded on the open screen door and shouted inside repeating to his parents what I had just told Sandy moments before. His dad rushed out the door and leaped from their porch yelling frantically “Where? Where?” I said “Down the hill on Rittenhouse Street!” I struggled on my bike to keep up with Michael’s father as he ran like a racehorse to his son’s side. Michael’s mother arrived soon behind as I watched from a short distance away.
-Necklace-J Crew Factory
There’s lots to talk about in the wonderful world of CurrantC™. Mother’s Day is right around the corner and we’re featuring a new gift basket, perfect for mom. It contains our now famous Dark Chocolate with Black Currants, our brand new delicious Black Currant coulis, a beautiful fragrant currant candle, CurrantC™ All Natural Black Currant Nectar and delicious and healthy genuine dried Black Currants. Click here to order.
if there was some malice afoot; after all, these had generally been allies of the British, culturally and historically, and their exclusion and segregation may have been intended to create an artificial rift in this historical symbiosis on the part of an unashamedly anti-British regime.
The richness of the soup does creep up on you, and despite my confidence I could eat the entire bowl easily, I find I'm the victim of an embarrassing defeat. And I very rarely don't finish my meal.
We lost touch after that as we were living very different lives. One day as I was bravely pushing a double pram up a hill in my local shopping centre, his mother walked by. She stopped to chat and I proudly showed off my two babies. I asked how my ex was doing and she told me that he was about to be married for the second time, and that he had recovered from ‘his breakdown’. Immediately I remembered the shaking hands and the lost look in his eye. So the past had caught up with him after all.
Bersih in bad light
Connor: “Meal!!!!”
As kings and queens bow and play for you
The following recipe for homemade chocolate ice cream posted by Joana is too tempting to pass up. The next week is littered with time in the community, so it will be long, hot days sitting on concrete floors in pagodas and listening to translations. (It's surprising how tiring translations can be.) Chocolate ice cream would be a nice treat ...
He is not wrapped in warm garment,
water gently then sprinkle a top layer of the seed cover
Another big deal today, for me personally this time, was the arrival of my brand new birth certificate!! I've been waiting very (im)patiently for this since about July, I believe, and it's finally here!!! This completes all the really big personal information changes. Finally! I still have to take care of changing my name on my mortgage, as that's a bit of a hassle. But I'm going to get that done really soon now, as I believe I've found the documents I need to do this. I'm just about done with seeing that old name on any mail....
“In matters of spirit, wisdom and experience, count far more than technique or strategy. Wisdom comes from within rather than without” (1995, p. 169). Turn inward, find a guide on your spiritual journey, and listen to the wisdom of those who journeyed before you.
she was laying with her head in her paws.
The first time I saw the end of Michelangelo Antonioni’s L’Eclisse I felt I had been caught off guard, disoriented. The film ends with a string of desolate shots without any narrative progression, shown one after another. For most of the film we had been following the drama of the central characters. Suddenly, for the last seven minutes, the characters we have come to know have disappeared — and yet the film continues. We see deserted streets, shadows, anonymous strangers. Without the characters to ground us in story, the presence of the camera itself seems stronger. We become aware of it as an apparatus, a seeing-device that acts as its own separate entity. There is camera movement (panning, following a figure walking on a street) which suggests that something is about to be revealed; it seems Antonioni is trying to tell us something. There are some wide, long takes from above that slowly pan around as if surveying the streets. Trees rustle in the wind. A man in a suit rounds a corner. A toddler looks up at his mother. A close up of a man’s earlobe. A stream of water flows into the gutter. “Yes, what is it Antonioni?” I remember thinking, “What are you trying to show us?” I was searching for meaning, for story. A streetlamp burns brightly. The music crescendos. The film is over. There is an elegance to this sequence that I cannot quite explain.
If this is your first novel, there's a lot of merit to the advice I hear from established writers: put the first one under the bed, and write the next.
My heart may throb and ache,
Cyrus takes Darius’ place as king of Persia and ruler over Babylon.
Through trial and error I have found what works for me and what doesn't.
I don't have a car most days,(which I'm used to) i'll usually just get my jogging stroller out and run wherever i want to go. Unfortunately we didn't get to bring the jogging stroller just the umbrella stroller, but that doesn't stop me an little Hailey from getting out and walking everywhere!
06-Eyesight To The Blind
If the communication is happening in the middle of an “episode”, dont take what the person with BPD says personally. A lot of time attacks will be made, but more than likely the terrible things that are said arent meant.
So after all this time, I'm still here at a day shy of 38 weeks. Baby has moved head down and into birth position (though is not well engaged in the pelvis yet), and is healthy as can be or so say the tests. The last growth scan indicated a 7+ pound infant and my new doctor cheerfully informed me that if I go to 40 weeks, we may have a 9-pounder on our hands. I did not find that amusing.
Use any size cutter you want, but make sure to pack them in your pan tightly and let them rise a long time, until they are doubled. I let mine rise for hours in an oven that I preheated to 250 F and then shut off. These biscuits are not quick to make, for sure! Howeverm the dough can be made a head and refrigerated for up to a week for even better flavor.
And hold on tight
The Road To Domestos
Is for you to shut the fuck up.
18.) I Was A Professor Of Law - NOT EXACTLY; you were a senior lecturer ON
They've never really done one before and I have to say, this one was quite a doozy! Our backyard is right at the tee box of a golf course, so they sat in our yard and caught all the golfers passing. At 25 cents a cup (and they sold some cookies for 50 cents each) $15 total is not a bad profit! They were stoked. And wanted to do it again the next day. I told them they couldn't or the city might shut them down for making too much money. :)
He could also see Tanner, his German Shepard, still asleep on his pillow over next the couch, probably because the damn dog was as drunk as he was from drinking beer last night. The dog had the strange habit of watching tourists and when one would leave the table he or she was sitting at, quickly run up, knock the bottle to the floor, and begin lapping of the spilled liquid. It was a trick Jack and other locals enjoyed since Tanner had the uncanny ability to target the most obnoxious person of whatever tourist group happened to be visiting at that time, usually a white, middle-aged American male.
What do you do for fun (I.e. Hobbies, leisure time, etc.)
I suspect the days in June were very rare for me indeed, as they seem to pass as if in slow motion. Too hot weather, too early at times, and then the perfect summer days that one wants never to end. And then there is the intensity of July! Is there enough iced-tea? Are the white shirts cool enough? Are the plants on the terrace getting enough water? July seems to ask a lot of us. Even getting to vacation locations has its imperatives.
as the baby Jesus
22) I tend to be either incredibly cautious or stupidly rash. If it's something physical, I'm always incredibly cautious. Erm, unless it's sex.
What was your favorite part about it (buildings, shopping, etc.)
I finished the whole costume by putting on more clay divets.
‘Oh, I don’t mind,’ she said. ‘I’m in no hurry. I’m on my way to a hospice.’
long, marvelous eyelash.
equal to the
We laugh about it now, but it wasn't funny then.
As I walk with you I'm learning
Cass County, Michigan (population 52,293): Cass County commissioners Thursday night accepted Administrator Charles H. Cleaver’s resignation “with regret,” according to the Niles Daily Star. Cleaver, who started in March 2011 as the county’s third administrator, on Valentine’s Day sent his resignation to Chair Minnie Warren.
Writers worry a lot about theft and plagiarism. They really don't need to; theft of unpublished work is so rare as to be functionally nonexistent. It's not till your work is published--i.e., exposed to a wide audience--that the issue of plagiarism comes into play.
Consider One-Way Tickets
And this is what I did yesterday afternoon. I got a TV app for the laptop so I can watch football (soccer) outside now!
All in all, by the time we packed up and left after a really busy but fun day, we had very little left – except a collapsed sandcastle and a bucket and spade!
Just another feeling.
I got a bit carried away and assumed that a couple of good performances in the Carling Cup augured a fine career. I mean, if that was how well they could play on their debuts then they could only improve from there, right?
With a career total of more than 100 films, Bette changed the way Hollywood looked at actresses. In 1977, she was the first woman to be honored with the American Film Institute's Lifetime Achievement Award. She was also the first woman to be president of the Motion Picture Academy of Arts and Sciences. At the age of 75, Bette had a mastectomy due to breast cancer. Nine days later, she suffered a stroke. Despite her failing health, she continued to act until her death. Bette passed away October 6, 1989 in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France.
I have been so busy.
Well we don't have to water our yard too much! It's just a little sprinkle that manages to get over the fence though. Oh well (acually it just waters the weeds we have growing by our fence!)(no thank you!)
60,000 - The number of people in Zimbabwe now infected by cholera, according to the World Health Organization (WHO). Cholera has now claimed the lives of more than 3,000 people in Zimbabwe. The epidemic of the disease, has been fueled by the collapse of Zimbabwe’s water, sanitation and health systems. Many hospitals have shut down and most towns suffer from poor water supply, broken sewers and uncollected waste. With the upcoming rainy season even more infections could occur as water sources become contaminated.
We demand immediate release of the 11 arrested along with all other activists.
Fast-forward to December. By the time I'm on my way to work, the sun has barely risen, and chances are I'm trudging through rain, slush, or usually a mix of both. Everyone looks gloomy, hidden underneath scarves and coats and the morning fog. And the cute little park? Well, it's empty and filled with remnants of fall leaves, making the ground slippery and forcing anyone to look at their feet rather than at the sky.
Given by Papa God, November 17,2011
4. Unlike that little kid in the movie, I don't read dead people. No narrators from beyond the grave.
Im lame but I dont read often!! hah if I could chose one book it would be twilight, the last book, because it is really the only book I can remember reading in the past few years.
June 21, 2011 — A defence-called forensic botanist challenges the prosecution’s theory of when the body was placed at the crime scene. An expert in analytical chemistry who works with Dr. Vass challenges the process of testing for the presence of chloroform.
The poor Gaga-a-like stood there, tears tripping her, till she were pushed into the wall and the hordes chased the ticket-stealer.
The Yeagers’ matrimonial union clearly demonstrated this lifelong friendship.
Let's go where they keep on wearin'
I heard SH coming down the stairs. "Hey!" he said. "You didn't do the dishes!"
In short, thank you everyone. You guys rule.
Tomorrow a favourite colour palette of mine, until then, check out some more of my stitched book paper pieces here.
2. Attention!
Camila
Can you see her with little white pumpkins dancing across her mantel for Thanksgiving?
Start Proclaiming Life and Power!
Nmachi’s, which means “beauty of God” in Nigerian, joins sisters Chisom, four, and Dunebi, two.
Make Real Estate Work for the City – especially in the cases of cities like Baltimore and Detroit which have declined from larger populations, there is a huge untapped potential in the vacant housing and real estate for economic development. First, rehabilitation of vacant housing and real estate can be the foundation for a direct job creation program with extremely valuable production. Second, selling that housing cheaply (in the case of Baltimore for a dollar) or just giving it away to working people literally spreads the wealth while expanding the city’s tax base. As occupancy rates in these properties rise, so does the value of housing and land the city owns – building up the Metropolitan Reserve Banks in turn. Third, it can provide a real solution for homelessness by just giving people a key to an apartment and access to facilities.
Ever wonder about what went on or even goes on today behind those mysterious walls at the Brooklyn Navy Yard? You can take a bus tour of the Navy Yard at 1:30 p.m. on June 21 with hop off stops along the way that provide an overview of the fascinating stories of the Navy Yard’s past, present, and future.
MEA CULPA follows one angels quest to save his best friend.
Yard work isn’t all that Greg has been up to lately; he’s also been keeping up with his freshwater tanks. We got rid of the saltwater a while back, but we’ve still got the other two. He completely re-did the smaller one this past weekend because it had an algae problem. He put new substrate in the bottom, bought new plants, washed out the tank completely, and even gave the fish some new decorations. He’s also ordered a new bulb to help with the plants and algae. We’re hoping the new additions/upgrades keep the algae in check because the tank is looking great at the moment.
So I've made the move across the country - I actually made the move in June, but I wouldn't say that I've really settled in until now. I've got a job, I just moved into a new apartment in Portland, and I really feel like I'm beginning my life out here.
And finally... There's this brand new thing around! You most probably have never heard of this since it's only 2 days old and was completely unheard of before since it didn't exist until 2 days ago... It's called the "Instagram"... Yep! Just came out a few days ago and it's pretty cool! And well if you're down with brand new tech-shit that didn't exist before 2 days ago and have A) an awesome deal on your phone data plan, B) a battery that lasts forever and C) nothing better to do... Go check it out it's pretty cool and I'm on it... Until I get sick of it in the not so distant future!!
Families often ask me how i can get their child to do something they can't.. well i have limited emotional investment ( not MY child) and i listen and observe the behavior so i understand the communication. If you react rather than respond you are liable to misunderstand and the behavior continues. We need to be the problem solvers we want our children to grow up to be. They need to test the rules, we need to set them. It is our job as parents to be completely present all the time, ( which is not always doable). It is necessary to be all Parent and only some person when the children are under 5. I tell parents that there is a big P and a little t in parent... we must embrace that big P in order for the adult child to walk away from us at 18 or 20 and be independent and ultimately successful.
And if you missed LM's previous planning posts on CB, you can catch up right here:
Director: Mark Goldblatt
I’d never even thought about this point – that there’s free, fun exercise equipment for kids all over the place, but nothing similar for grownups – until our recent trip to Heerenveen, in the Netherlands, and discovered that such a thing actually exists. Right in downtown Heerenveen, there’s a park with ….
However, they have a new EP coming out in a month and a bit with a song on it called The Wrong Car. I think they may have finally made a song I'm going to love more than Cold Days From The Birdhouse. I've had it on repeat since I first heard it last week - it's that good.
I started playing with some old schoolers recently because I just lost the spark to run anything. I wanted to play. GM burnout you know! I was somewhat disappointed that with this old school group Pathfinder was the only game being played. Damn. I made a Wizard who was a Necromancer.
Our male cat Storm notified us that he will indeed be dressing up for Halloween this year so he too can participate in trick or treat. He’s hoping for plenty of cat nip treats to bolster his already large cache.
Produce C-G to H such that C-G =G-H Produce B-C to D such that C-D =2”
The Good: A must read. Stassen accomplishes much with few pages (less than 80!) and few words. He tells of life before and after the Genocide; he includes the various factions and entities present, from the UN peacekeeping force to the Rwandan Patriotic Front to the Interahamwe. The brevity helps; too many words would drown this story. The simplicity emphasizes the horror.
coaxed into unfurling, reaching, stretching
The year before last, for example, I took advantage of the economy direct flights to Pisa and took an apartment in the centre of Lucca, a short train ride away. Last year, I flew to Rome, and after spending a couple of days there, took the train up to the Tuscany/Umbria border, where I collected a car to drive the short distance to my rented apartment in a village near Lake Trasimeno.
The home should be a place of joy and laughter. Your home should be fun! Fun for your kids, fun for friends to come over, fun between you and your spouse. People want to "hang out" in places they enjoy with people they enjoy. Make your home that place.
BUT sit and whine how “Poor” she was back in the 80′s and 90′s but wouldn’t get a decent job. OTHER mothers work. And she was not disabled.
I'll tell you about this in a later blog, it gets worse. For now all I'll say is be prepared to rough it as a runner.
Hyun Suk confronts M2 with the video. They all wonder how it got there and Hyun Suk asks if they’re the ones in the video. Jae Ha is about to stand but Seung Yeon stops him. Team Leader Han takes them to task and Hyun Sung speaks up-it was them. Chang Min tells him to be specific-as in who was and who wasn’t there. Hyun Suk is shrewd and asks Chang Min what he wants to say but Jae Ha speaks up, wanting to take responsibility. Chang Min scoffs at him and Hyun Suk sees it. The team sits outside later-minus Jae Ha wondering who took the video and Tae Gun rightly points out-anyone could’ve taken the movie but not everyone could have delivered it to Hyun Suk with a look at Chang Min. Chang Min owns up to it. They wonder how he could betray the team and if he had that little confidence in himself. Chang Min scoffs, at least he’s not lying like someone else, with a look at Seung Yeon! In Hyun Suk’s office, Hyun Suk asks to hear the reason Jae Ha went on stage without the company’s permission. Did he go to earn money or he wanted to show the world his talent? Jae Ha tells them he needed the money so he took the gig and everyone just helped him. Hyun Suk asks, is it for the same reason you go out with your guitar every night? Team Leader Han is stunned. Jae Ha has a part time gig and Hyun Suk knew it? At Jae Ha’s response, Hyun Suk smiles and tells him it’s good he’s honest and confident. Meanwhile, Woo Hyun is on his way back to the company from the airport. Everyone’s still pissed at Jae Ha who comes back and tells them it’ll be fine, he’ll take the blame. Seung Yeon tells Chang Min he shouldn’t have betrayed the team like this and he rounds back at her, however anyone else says things, she has no right to condemn him. He asks her if she thinks she has the right to be on the team and turns to Ji Woo too who tries to defend Seung Yeon. Before a fight breaks out, Team Leader Han walks in.
16And said to the mountains and rocks, Fall on us, and hide us from the face of him that sitteth on the throne, and from the wrath of the Lamb:
Most Likely to Make a Grown Man Cry: Where She Went by Gayle Forman
Austin Lau & Bing Chen, Global YouTube Creator Program Managers, recently watched The Dominic Show’s “Dating Tips: Break Ups”
Reasonable goals. Reasonable goals.
You think you've seen all the yanks have to offer the world? Gangsta rap, almost naked skanks with lack luster singing voices, chemical soup that is passes of as food? How about unsustainable debt or "corruption free" finance built on mortgage backed derivatives backed by liar loans? Endless war in the name of democracy and in the cause of Islamic Jihad?
Such is the confidence of Dojo Cuts with this material that they cover the recently departed Etta James’ 1968 soul anthem ‘I’d Rather Go Blind’ – and carry it off perfectly, with Ray delivering all the soul-preaching and testifying it needs. No mean feat.
I used Papertrey ink cardstock (stamper's select white, classic kraft), stamps (Framed Out #3) and dies (Framed Out #3, alphabet block.) I also used SU! cardstock (island indigo) & My Mind's Eye patterned paper and decorative brads.
The way out of impossibilities is to fully realize that it is an illusion, perpetuated by our own attachment to an erroneous perception of reality. When we notice we are feeling mired and stuck, we can challenge the impossibilities by asking our self: “Is it true that I am not loved?” When we are open, ready and willing to release attachments to the impossibilities, the answer becomes: “No! The very essence of life itself is love. And I am of life. I am of Nature. I too am the stuff that is Nature. I am connected to everything, everywhere, always. I am love!”
powerful and wise leader. more important than anything, true wisdom is attained by learning from
Hey guys...
old winter right along...
Take out desired number of burritos. Heat in microwave for 2-3 minutes or thaw burritos, wrap in foil and bake at 350 for 10 minutes.
‘I want a girl who got a badonkadonk.’
At some point in the future I may post about self-publishing, but it’s too late for me to get into that tonight. It is something I want to talk about, as I had a conversation about it today, and I’ve had a lot of really interesting conversations about it in the past. And especially because I don’t really know what I think of it.
Parents were invited again, and I put in a brief appearance with Possum. We didn't stay long because Mousie seemed to think she had to sit with us, but we could see she wanted to join in with the dancing that was going on over at the other side of the room. I knew we made the right decision when we looked back through the window and saw her happily doing the conga with her friends.
Today in German-speaking Europe many families set up an Advent wreath, or Adventskranz on the first Advent Sunday (the fourth before Christmas) to start off the Advent season. The picture on the left shows a typical evergreen Advent wreath with its four candles, one for each week of Advent. Traditional families gather around the wreath on each Advent Sunday to light the next candle and sing Christmas carols. This was even more important in the past, when the Christmas tree was usually reserved for a special unveiling only on Christmas Eve. Until then, the Advent wreath provided the evergreen look and aroma in the house.
what team anna is facing is not a personal vendetta , this is how every common man who fights corruption is treated by corrupt officials and politicians in India.
time for Congolese treasure. I don't know a year on this one, no
that my daughter will say she's going to puke
I then sat down with the uber-bloggers and the beauty reps. commenced telling us about their products, encouraging me to massage them into my face. I have to confess I can’t remember what the products were or what they did because I was too busy sneaking side-ways glances at ‘the Mrs Woog’.
Now German finances are directly affected, there is no hiding it and you just know that radical moves to distance Germany from the mire will start to be put in place.
There was no time to dwell on the goal conceded so we quickly took the keys of the game and hoped into the “driver’s seat”.
13) Visits per Keyword - This metrics tells you how much traffic a keyword drives to your website from organic search. This will be a symptom of how often people search for that keyword and how well you rank for the keyword.
We begin with the warming, the pip of a heart.
The smoke and smell sealed in the memories of 2010 while welcomin in 2011...leasurely. The way I and R like it
But I had no interest in reading myself for several years.
pecks my cheek
Butter- 100 gms
We crossed the Stari Most to Coppersmiths’ Street (Kujundziluk). Lined with vendors selling souvenirs made by local artists and coppersmiths, many items portrayed the Old Bridge. We visited several of the little shops. One of the coppersmiths we spoke with asked where we were from and then proudly told us he had a daughter who lives in the United States.We bought a few souvenirs for ourselves and family (later, we would see all the same kinds of souvenirs in Istanbul (read about the trip here).
"time alone
After having a rough arrival to Melbourne, with housing drama, I was very excited to take a few days from the apartment search and relax in true Aussie fashion on the beach. I made my trek to the university a whopping 9 kilometer walk to campus (just another incentive to find a new place to live). I made some fast friends waiting for the trip leaders to organize the buses and we set off for an adventure on the Great Ocean Road.
I know I haven't been around much. Preoccupied. You see, in just two weeks from today I'll be driving back to the place I spent four of the best years of my life. Oddly enough, I haven't been back since.
That is the crown of it that means those who are thinking that maybe one day I will grow less, they are wasting their time.
Of course, these were two separate photos--from two different homes. I didn't think I'd ever find a blacktop driveway that led to a brick house--a house with dormers and lots of trees.
With the cooling weather I've sought to make some comfort food - a simple borlotti bean ragu. At its heart is a soffritto - onion, celery, carrot - to which I've added red capsicum and grated zucchini. Red capsicum when slowly cooked adds a lovely sweetness to the dish and grated zucchini thickens the sauce and makes it almost creamy.
‘$1,091,000: Political contributions sent to federal politicians for the 2012 election cycle, making it the largest oil and gas spender’.
Recent FOIA releases of Barack Obama Sr.’s immigration records disclose that he was not co-habituating with Stanley Ann Dunham after the marriage and birth of Obama. In fact, the U.S. Immigration Department had been investigating if the Obama-Dunham marriage was “bona fide.”[30]
Joshua has a written test scheduled for this Wednesday, that is required for most of the jobs he is looking at. We would absolutely love some prayers, for peace during the test, and for Joshua's brain to be a sponge, during this studying process.
A3) Ricky Tuffy - Nuclear War
Lewis Schaffer – Different Shit, Same Suit Mike Belgrave
I’d be surprised if nobody’s thought of this before.
Join us on facebook, and we have a website now as well that is more or less (more less at the moment) up and running
Recommended for fans of mismatched romantic leads and shows that bridge the gap between The X-files and Moonlighting.
But any book or series that gets them to read is top notch on my eyes so when we heard there was a movie coming out I pledged to take them on opening night.
Paper: Times & Season by Echo Park - sweet stripes & fancy free inked with Cherry Cobbler ink
Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir on Monday celebrated the ” liberation” of Heglig with thousands of Sudanese fighters who fought for 10 days to restore the strategic area with Sudan’s biggest oil fields.
And the prednisone. The fucking prednisone. It makes me so damn hungry that it makes me angry...angry hungry sucks. You can't ignore angry hunger. You must feed angry hunger, but it's insatiable. You never stop feeling hungry with the prednisone.
~The first day of summer break for the kids is a learning curve for all of us. Why? They have to re-learn how to be around each other all day long and I have to re-learn how to go about my daily routine while ignoring the petty disagreements and little tantrums coming from the family room.
Pecans (or almonds, walnuts, etc)
8:01
From the wrists that have a lean and hungry
06/24/10 BUY USDJPY 0.01 89.47
N—Never give up. Keep writing from the Father’s heart. When you do, people will stop and take notice. Of course, you must sit often on the Father’s lap to write from His heart. Don’t neglect time with Him.
Like communism or socialism, capitalism is a word with objective, specific meaning. The French word “laissez-faire” literally means “let us alone.” According to Ayn Rand, the greatest contemporary philosopher who offered the best defense of this most moral economic system, capitalism simply means “a full, pure, uncontrolled, unregulated laissez-faire capitalism—with a separation of state and economics, in the same way and for the same reasons as the separation of state and church.” Sison is right in saying that capitalism is about greed and self-interest. This is because the moral justification of capitalism does not lie in the altruist claim that it represents the best way to achieve the common good. Under a true capitalist system, the achievement of common good is merely a secondary consequence.
N/A Certificate of appropriateness, if property in historic district;
ps. My Italian vocab/grammar knowledge is now practically non-existant. this is very, very sad and will have to be fixed immediately upon my return to the US.
I finally got to read a few blogs this morning, and it seems like "busy-ness" and "stress" are consistent themes right now.
We used to say that we would struggle, fight, and wage Jihad, until we regain our rights, because what was taken by force will only be restored by force, and what was taken by the sword will not be restored by the pen or the word. Unfortunately, however, we have abandoned this, and we have taken the path of the so-called “peaceful solution.” We have made one concession after another.
I am extremely honoured to be asked to guest design here and I am really looking forward to sharing my creations with you all! :)
A wonderful new space with some great food and always great beer! Thank You Alan!
As bad as the black parts of a banana.
What made me so sorrowful? It was pointed out to me that my heart is not perfect and the truth of it makes me mourn. It’s what I want MORE THAN ANYTHING and it cuts cruel and deep, “Father, please cover my imperfect heart with your breastplate of righteousness”. Can I bear the Kings armor till he purifies my heart?
My husband will add some things from time to time and I will always seek God and my husband’s approval before posting anything here. I want to make sure it is from God and not my flesh. Now I know why God has been stressing only posting His Word – Truth and to be prepared.
The Power Living Pledge
On the way home from our favourite farm on Tuesday we stopped off for a wander around a small town. In a shop window were a row of Queenie's, all slowly waving with glazed expressions. Being suckers for plastic stuff that does nothing more than make us laugh meant we needed one so we rushed in to bag our own Queenie. Now she sits on our windowsill watching and waving while we do kitchen stuff. Our favourite plastic friend was a chubby grinning chinese boy who sat astride a pink dolphin and spun from the ceiling playing plinky music. He fell to pieces a long while back now and I still miss him.
We recently had a chance to sit down with Sigur Rós’ latest long player ‘Valtari’
Mbeki, the Southern African Development Community's mediator in Zimbabwe, in May last year tasked six retired generals to assess the extent of the army's involvement in the political crisis.
1 cup of chopped assorted nuts (optional)
If something like this has happened to you, please don't try to bury it as long as I did. I spent so much time and energy keeping my secret that it blew up in my face and it almost killed me.
So onto our Spotlight this week, we loved visiting your blogs to see your weather themed creations. This week the spotlight has fallen on.....Lisa C with this beautiful creation!
If you suspect elder abuse, neglect, or exploitation, You can call:
Of course, if they were forced to read "Guns, Germs, and Steel," there would be a hell of a lot more suicide bombers than there are now. Jeez, that book did go on. I thought a better name for it would have been "Location, Location, Location: and what they ate while they were there," but I guess that title is not as catchy. There were not enough guns or germs, and steel barely got a mention. What did get mentioned, repeatedly, was the phrase "food production," approximately 1,296,379 times. McDonald's does not talk about food production that much, for Christ's sake. Then again, McDonald's doesn't serve food, so maybe that's why.
On May 23, 2012, let Alleigh know your wine choice by:
so many into thinking he could manage the world’s largest economy,
Dunedin City Council-owned infrastructure specialist Delta Utility Services has expanded its rugby sponsorship, taking on the Highlanders rugby team for 2012. The company will be “executive partner” of the Highlanders, with the sponsorship including the Delta logo on the back of the team playing shorts, where it has been from the start of the season.
Top: Simplicity 2603, made in 2010
Recommendable: B+
It's just about my favourite time of the year and when Tartarus is away, Sonshine and I go the Full Nine Yards for Hallowe'en spookiness. This year we had a skull with flashing eyes to add to our collection of pumpkin bowls and 'ghoul' lights (thank you Wendy!) and the house was looking suitably scary.
27. Evangelista - In Animal Tongue
Homosexuals have chosen the word “gay,” a word that means “happy” or “a lively, merry mood” or “bright, showy,” to describe their lifestyle. In homosexuality’s portrayal in the media and in its publicity by its advocates, that’s what it can appear to be. A fun-loving, free lifestyle. Yet this is only a mirage. Over the years, in every interaction I have had with a person calling their lifestyle “gay,” that same angry fire that my bookstore acquaintance had could be seen in their eyes . Whether it’s been a one-time opportunity to interact with someone who has identified himself as gay or the longer-term weekly counseling of a man who claimed hundreds of partners (and looked as if it were true), a below-the-surface, seething anger has always been present.
This lace wedding cake caught the eye of our Awesometastic Team, and frankly, I think it's sweet, vintage and lacy-lious!
I am also planning to dig into the common core, because Alabama is supposed to adopt this next school year, and I definitely want to be ready. I really like how the skills are laid out, and I think it is great! I also want to learn more about The Daily Five, which I keep hearing about ALL over the web, but it is not something that we use. I would definitely like to know more about it.
What are a few of your favorite things?
The connection between us it seems
Once I was here I needed to taka a taxi to the confernce center. I had google mapped it, and it was about a 5 minute drive. So I gave the address to the driver, who seemed to know wehre it was but then proceeded to get lost and drive around for about 30 minutes looking for it. It turned into a very expensive taxi ride. I paid it, but I wish now I'd been a bit more assertive about saying that I shouldn't have been charged so much.
Once Isaac is released from the gurney he's been strapped to, he's forced to flee the ward as Necromorphs jump out from around corners and burst through ducts. Cue the frantic escape sequence. But here's the fun part: he's still tied up in a straight jacket. A prompt instructs us to hold down the left shoulder button to run. The straight jacket conceit makes this particular piece of scaffolding feel natural while also playing on that horror movie trope, the powerless protagonist.
So...the next time you look at those wonderful fall leaves or pick up a bright red maple leaf or wonder at the beauty of a yellow hickory leaf - remember how those wonderful colors were produced - and realize how magical a plant really is to the planet. Not because of the colors of the leaves or how it looks in our landscape, but how it keeps us alive by producing all of that sugar and oxygen that keeps us eating and breathing every day.
Wait wait wait... what does Star Wars have to do with any of this? Apparently, no movie like Meteor is going to admit wanting to jump on the same bandwagon as George Lucas and company, but it would be idiotic of it not to think that any geek high off of the adventures of a galaxy far far away wouldn't want to keep the intergalactic ball rolling by signing up for an adventure that involves NASA, rockets, desperate scientists and the fate of mankind. Maybe Neame and his crew thought that Meteor was the anti-Star Wars; science fiction for the thinking set.
The less you can explain the questions of your purpose and existence the more you come up with a ridiculous analysis for life and your left with no reason for existing or for life at all. The cycle continues. The more hateful against anything good and morally right you get. The more you hate those stupid Christians that claim God exists and that say there is a reason and purpose for your life .
During most races we see the mechanics make adjustments to the car during pitstops. During each stint radio communications between the driver and his race engineer will discuss the cars balance. Whether the car tends to oversteer or understeer. Since the ban on active technologies there’s little the teams can do to alter the car during the race. Currently only front wing adjustment, rear wing gurney removal and tyre pressures are easily changed during the hectic 3-4s pitstops.
They’ve both been hurt too much already, and there isn’t much to say.
And we know what happened when we did that.
What I wanted at TBEX was a session that presented the reality of writing as a profession, not as a quixotic pursuit or a weekend hobby or gap year boondoggle. Admittedly, I wanted this for myself as much as anything. Because I struggle with what I do (what is that, anyways?) all the time. I wanted to hear people who I think of as grown up, professional travel writers speak honestly about how they juggle all this stuff, how they manage to make it work. I’m always grateful for time with writers who will share, honestly, how they get by — a recent conversation revealed a writer’s need to sell multiple stories about one destination with every trip in order to make the travel pay off. “I can’t go just because I want to. I need to sell that story five times over to have it be worth my while.”
Both babies measured great - he's 1lb, 2oz and she's 15.9oz, which puts them right about at the 50th percentile. They had good fluid levels, solid heartbeats, and my bleed has officially absorbed!! YAHOOOO!!! I go back in 4 weeks and we'll tour the maternity ward and NICU then. I was so overwhelmed with joy that they looked so awesome! My mom came with me to the u/s and she loved every minute of it - it truly is so special to see them.
And if only the add venture habs juss stopped there, but no...
In the United Kingdom after days of obfuscation and half-denials the Prime Minister admits he did ride a horse loaned to a tabloid news editor he was friendly with by the police force that was investigating her newspaper.
I wanted to go with a vintage theme for Mum. Not saying she is old though! Just wanted something a bit nostalgic. It also took me out of my own comfort zone, as I don't normally do vintage! I loved using the Hat Pin (retired), and I have also used the Velvet Ribbon available in the new Summer Mini Catalogue. I didn't want cream though and dyed this ribbon, using my Night of Navy ink pad. I was surprised how beautifully this ribbon dyed up! Not at all patchy as I thought it would.
I know from my own experience that my horse (who currently schools Fourth Level and some of the Prix St. George) cannot school in the arena more than three days per week. (And he’ll tell you if you ask!) So to keep him fresh, interested, and fit, we spend the three days hacking out, doing trot and canter sets in the lanes, or long-lining, another three days doing a more traditional schooling routine, and then he gets one day off per week. And I generally find that I get my best, show-quality work from him on the day after he’s either rested or hacked – particularly if we struggled with a problem or issue in our last training session prior to the rest day. It’s like the time away has shown him what he needs to do to get it right (and me too!), so with a little bit of cogitation and fresh muscles, it’s all right there.
Article 8 does not always work though. A paedophile illegal immigrant, Zulfar Hussain, has finally been thrown out of Britain after a long court battle in which he claimed that his deportation would breach his human rights. This is good news, but Hussain represents only a drop in the multicultural ocean and cost the taxpayer over £100,000 in his welfare funded legal battle to remain in Blackburn, Lancashire.
So our unique perceptions of the world we experienced together were destined to be endlessly different, destined to be unrelated. And no matter what I said to her, she would never understand that what I write on these pages, when I say that I have no home and that I am endlessly tormented by the constant need to leave everything behind and travel, to give up the entire world I’ve created and move on to something new, that this isn’t in any way a sad thing in my eyes.
Margaret
That very question has been banded about since the dotcom bust – even today there continue to be many brands with little more than a landing page for a website, let alone fully-fledged e-commerce capability.
When will the school district force Frank’s hand?
He did have a little bump and a good little cut - right at the back and top part of his head.
Behind these various deployments of the ideal of universal reason lies a conviction that to bring about the good society we can and must use reason, innate to human nature, to produce a unified consciousness which can serve as the foundation for that good society.
Here comes another rant from me, THE CHILDLESS MOMMY BLOGGER, as I’ve taken to calling myself. You know, I think (much like Oprah – another childless mommy advisor) that the hardest thing you can do is raise a kid. And even harder is raising a kid right and saving the world from the addition of one more a**hole. This is of such monumental importance in my opinion, that it does, indeed, take a village. So, I’m here to help. As I was working up some research this morning, I came across some parenting ideas / actions/ products that I feel could lead your child astray. I am here to try and stop you…or rather stop the ridiculous human being who would subject their child to any of the below.
to the groaning figure who was always
D Irene is going full blast right now and we have been without power since sometime during the night. Luckily I am accustomed to blogging on my cellphone. The wind is really howling.
“We have come to the conclusion we were snookered by Fox News and tea party activist Andrew Breitbart into believing she had harmed white farmers because of racial bias,” Jealous said in the statement.
“You should open your eyes!”
End of November. End of Solo Tabletop Gaming Appreciation Month.
The HIPS (Humans In Poverty Situations) are those at the bottom of the working society, those in shitty jobs in which you have to smile and pretend you're enjoying yourself in return for shitty money.
On the back are the words of Psalm 95:4: ‘Porque en su mano están las profundidades de la tierra, y las alturas de los montes son suyas’ (In his hand are the depths of the earth; the heights of the mountains are his also). The text at the bottom reads ‘To him is the honor and the glory’.
“She loves it. She has a love/hate relationship with spaghetti. But like most of us, she gives in to her heart and indulges, in spite of the bunching and bloating.”
That is such a sweet project from Kathrin, I do love to see things other than a card, you have all the supplies so why not try something different for a change.
We are taking it one day at a time.
Nicole Kidman is pitch-perfect here. For those who don’t know, Nicole was a natural red-head as a child, then her hair naturally lightened to blonde as she got older. Nicole Kidman is a Spring, and she has everything in place here. Light hair (even if it’s dyed, it’s still light and warm), ivory gown with golden accents…homegirl is straight winning here.
All I know is I never felt so sad, so often, as when I listened to music at fifteen.
I ran my first 5K on Thanksgiving Day, and have become addicted to running. I was never a runner before, and could barely run more than a minute. I have been training, and working on running longer distances, and perfecting my times. So one of my resolutions this year is to become a runner!!
i went to school today. interesting highlights? skipped about two hours of lessons – me, faus and tia went to the PBSM room and slept. just for the heck of it. well faus has some stomachache *cough* so like wth.
Straight away, one has to think about Mycoplasma pneumonia. People at highest risk for mycoplasma pneumonia include those living or working in crowded areas such as schools, Army barracks and homeless shelters. The incubation time for Mycoplasma pneumonia is one to 4 weeks. This means that it takes one to 4 weeks after catching the bug to become ill. A bit like with chickenpox, which has an incubation time of one to 3 weeks.
I've made this recipe a few times, adding chunked up Heath candy bars to my traditional chocolate chip cookie recipe - my favored Toll House recipe.
For there are many insubordinate, both idle talkers and deceivers, especially those of the circumcision
Catchy new track from the young and rising lo-fi band from Cleveland, Ohio, which started as Dylan Baldi's solo project. The self-titled debut album is expected January 2011 on Carpark and Wichita.
But that's what commitment is all about. Good with the bad. Having the patience to ride out storms. Having the courage and the sword to help these young people confront their emotional demons, then slay them.
An advanced ceiling fan of their Louis Vuitton Belongings, stick to be seen as crazy about the this year collection in the year but probably hot months.
Lancôme had offered the lower court an expert report of a physical-chemical analysis of the two perfumes. The report concluded that, given the fact that there are hundreds of different components that could have been used, it is highly unlikely that it is a coincidence that Kecofa used 24 of the exact components out of the 26 in total used by Lancôme. The 25th ingredient was a cheaper substitute of the remaining Trésor component. Since the expertise of the report was not denied by Kecofa, nor the accusation of copying, the Court concluded that Kecofa must have copied Lancôme’s product and therefore violated Lancôme’s copyrights.
Personally, today has been quite a milestone. After thirteen years working in the same job, I move to another department today. Most importantly I have a first sale from one of my photo – such a great surprise to go home to. Hope your day has been good.
Detecive Comics #9
My cough has become a part of who I am. My roommates know when I get home because they hear me coughing when I walk through the door. It tells them.... "HONEY I'M HOME!" My friends hear me coming wherever I go (though its tough to sneak up on them in that respect). To me, some days, my cough isn't something gross and disgusting, its just something I do every day. It's as natural as breathing.
Common Name: FROG-DOG, CAVE-TOAD
Caracole is a new company, but like so many in Belgium, the residents inhabit an ancient brewery. Located in Wallonia, near the French border in Falmignoul, Brasserie Moussoux was founded ten years before America was born. In the year the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor, the name was changed to Brasserie Lamotte before eventually becoming Caracole in the year Clinton was first elected. The brewery is proud of its artisinal heritage, and still brews the old-fashioned way, over a wood fire.
“Soon,” I repeated, my breath catching on the word.
Now paper-pierce the holes for stitching, trying to keep the holes evenly spaced but not really worrying about it being too precise. Do be careful, however, to not have any holes pierced too closely together or too close to the edge of the paper (it can cause tearing).
so we can often fall in love with the human sharing our life, because that person becomes "new" in small ways each moment.
HOLD CARD
Obadiah sat silently for a while, having forgotten his omelette and his coffee. He kept trying to remember more about his arrival in town but his mind did not budge.
There have been three bands, or rather, two basic bands and another band that evolved from one of the basic bands, that I haven't been able to stop listening to for the past week or so.
It ended up that he was the new tenant in the third floor apartment of Mike’s building and had just moved from out of state. Offering a helping hand and a welcome, Mike invited him to meet us for a drink when he finished. The new neighbor thanked Mike and said that he would meet up with him later.
SUBJECT: Speed limit sign
DCS Williams explained that the inquiry he headed had been into Messrs Mulcaire and Goodman. When asked if it had spread wider he said, “Not that I’m aware of.”
And the knowledge that 24 weeks isn't a magical marker at which all problems vanish is there. I cling to that date, but I am aware of the real statistics. I know the outcomes, and I know that babies still die, that there are still very real and present risks, and longterm complications, and so I am not content with that date either. But at the least, that gives us a chance.
So, slowly, slowly, I learnt that the best treatment for me was simplicity. No more, no less. Good, healthy food, cooked from scratch. No toxic chemicals, no pointless additives, not even thickeners if a reduction will do. No neon drinks or fizzy pop. No synthetic creams or juice "drinks". Add in a dose of sunshine and I feel zingy and alive. Sunshine, fresh air and simple, freshly cooked food.
Examples of physics abound in the natural world. Many animals and plants utilize the natural laws of our universe to live, reproduce, and obtain food. It has been known for many years that bats use high frequency sound waves to echo-locate insects on nightly forays in search of food. What has recently been discovered is a plant that actively encourages bats to drink nectar from it's fruit, and spread pollen in the process by forming echo-genic leaves designed to allow bats an easier time in finding the fruiting portions of the plant. Isn't life marvelous?
Whereas the angels depicted by Giotto and earlier painters had their wings fixed in place because paint can’t move, Guy made the conscious choice (albeit, the easier one) to keep that immobility while allowing the angels themselves to fidget and wander. The presence of this classical form in a (for the time) hyper-realistic setting makes everything look fake... or, unearthly.
Thrall is what he is. And that is Thrall, not Go’el.
Darren Richmond! Well, HE certainly pulled himself together in a hurry, didn’t he? He even made a joke when Jamie was tying up his shoes, and again later to Gwen. I was happy to see Gwen back, actually. It’ll be interesting to see if she and Richmond and Jamie can all just work together, but so far it looks to be going okay. Richmond handled himself perfectly in the interview with the nosey lady, and it looks like Gwen at least feels she can help him win. Actually, I think maybe all three of them think she could be the one to put them over the top – if anyone can.
Not all fear is bad. In fact, fear can be very good & right. The whole subculture centered around 'No Fear' I find to be idiotic actually. Some things should be feared. Crazy man has a gun: let's go walk up to him and call him a wus because we have no fear? That's not just lack of fear that's lack of intelligence. You'll soon be dead: evolution at work if you haven't bred yet. So fear isn't universally bad. It is a survival instinct, and an important one.
The chronic behaviour pattern has to be procrastination. There are some things that continue to escape my best intentions. If there ever was a miscast accountant, it’s me. I really struggle with my own paperwork. My taxes aren’t done, but I have a refund coming so I don’t HAVE to file them. Gonna try and do that this weekend. I am also a, shall we say, less than stellar housekeeper. I think I’d probably be more comfortable in a tidier home. This pattern can be broken…. I just need to examine my motives and
Dr. Marvin Kennard, owner of Naples Dental Care, 785 Central Ave., told a Naples detective someone broke into his business and stole dental equipment such as a high-speed dental drill and patients' files.
I think as a parent of a child with a disability there is sometimes the tiniest little check, a hesitation when I think about the future. It’s not the gasping for air, punch to the gut it used to be, but sometimes there’s a little catch in the throat as I wonder “Is it realistic?” This is often accompanied by some momma guilt (Do I have the right to wonder what’s realistic?) and some self-doubt (Do I not believe enough in my child?).
De Molen Cease and Desist – Belgium – 10.5% ABV
That's why some of the greatest meets on the planet are high school level meets. Talk to anyone that has gone to "Champs" in Jamaica, or the California State High School Championships, or the Texas High School Championships or any high level high school competition and as they talk it will sound as if they're talking about the Olympic Games themselves!
Big surprise! Since it hit the internet, however, it has had over 500,000 hits. Keep it going. All that is necessary for evil to succeed is that good men do nothing. It’s happening right now.
This is the poison some have brought into our politics and it is vile.
just doesn't feel creative at all ~
(A side note: the three children in my novel were named after the kids me and my girlfriend talked about having. Two years after I wrote this novel, we had my first born, Benjamin–whom this book is dedicated to.)
Jacqueline Crompton Ottaway / Roman Numerals / 80-81
I'll admit it... when I see things like 12 queries sent, it makes me a little frustrated because I'm not one of them. But also, I take hope from the 195.
Thursday concluded with the initiation of Tanya Snyder, breast cancer survivor and wife of the Washington Redskins owner. She has been instrumental in the team's Think Pink! efforts, including a fabulous partnership with ZTA.
It’s easy to get Roswell and Monty to pose for a photo. They both love the camera and will show off in front of it.
Tweet your link and add the #FridayFictioneers hashtag so we can easily find you and if you @madison_woods in your tweet, I’ll RT.
She extended her own sincere and genuine hand in honest caring,
You know what's interesting about shopping malls?
Happy New Year everyone. Such a cliche yet.... 2012 sounds good to me. Ever the cockeyed optimist, I've scanned the headlines this morning, the world is in a mess, killing over religion, tribal warfare continues unabated, and yet I still have a deep seated notion that this year may bring some respite from the economic trials of the last several years.
But I’m waiting to actually finish something (and get some fun ‘after’ pics), so those projects will have to wait.
I honor those of you who took the time to post comments on Facebook, after reading my post… your efforts helped me to gain additional perspective… and your words will remain as an inspiration to all those who read them… I am forever grateful for your expressions of love and support…. I really do have the most amazing friends!
So what now for Austria. The ability to tip the scales of power lies in the hand of the Nationalist Parties and given that the "established" traitor parties have said they will not enter into another coalition, anything is now possible.
“I don’t mean the penny. Don’t you feel as if someone’s looking after us?”
It all begins by loving God. It starts with loving God. If we love God, and if we are born of God we will love God, then we cannot help but love those who are also born of him. It is simply incompatible with our heritage and parentage to not love those who belong to the family of God. There should be no civil war in the family of God. But sometimes it seems that the family of God is so fractured that it is perpetually defeated. It makes one wonder how often the enemy capitalizes on this? It makes one wonder what those literally not born of God think about those who claim to be born of God. What sort of family do they believe us to be? What sort of fractured family are we?
Why did I choose HS'ing? I found myself giving my best to other peoples children and having a short fuse with mine. I didn't like it at all...one bit. I wanted to give my best to my children. They deserved it and still do. I knew that if I could spend the majority of my day educating other people's children and loving it (which I did), that I would love it that much more to be able to give that to my babies. I do! I love teaching them. I love it when they teach me, because they do.
By 1953, he began to make collages, which soon became the precursors of pop art, incorporating cigarette logos, images from fan magazines. He coined a phrase for them - "moticos" - and carried them around New York, showing them to strangers in public places and asking for their reactions and recording them (most of this work has been destroyed or recycled).
Why not to watch: It’s a snuff film with a budget.
Seriously, I want to help you guys out.
All of this just confirms my believe that whilst this coalition may repeal a fews laws which I didn't like they are just papering over the cracks of our problem.
Friday, April 27, 2012
Thomas Field, Edward Bennett, Thomas Clemence, William Lancaster,
Being a quilter, I can't resist the allure of vintage wooden bobbins and spools, and one dealer had a terrific assortment of vintage beehive bobbins—just 50 cents a piece! The larger bobbin pictured was only a $1. I have seen these go for as much as $10 a piece but I suspect their actual value is somewhere in between.
screenshot at 650am CDT 4/29/2012:
live writer again!
This might be a more exciting "faux-liday" for me than Cinco de Mayo. While I do like tequila (in fact, it's one of the few hard liquors I truly enjoy drinking), I love, love, love my Belgian beers. What a better reason the celebrate them!
“Conquering any difficulty always gives one a secret joy, for it means pushing back a boundary-line and adding to one’s liberty.” (Henri Frederic Amiel)
Variations: Use all Parmesan cheese and Rosemary or Cheddar Cheese and Thyme in place of the Goat cheese and chives.
Why don't you have your review blog part of your new website?
I just need to get Kaitlin's information to send her the Cricut Cartridge seen in my blog candy picture- Congratulations! I hope she enjoys it.
Their relationship was not only funny, especially when John would get over-protective and jealous even with his best friend Will, it was adorable and passionate. One of those passionate parts I loved was when John found Meg in a car with Eric, her non-boyfriend boyfriend, and his reaction, a mix of hurt and anger, had me swooning.
There are, of course, plenty of other organizations that cater specifically to service travel-minded retirees–what, and where, are some of your favorites?
At least I can still count to ten, and wave hello with either hand.
Woke up feeling worse than a hang over, I had to deal with the mess of purged emotion.
Egg, beaten - 1 ( optional)
The weather forecast threatens more rain tomorrow, which I hope will subside before the afternoon, as I plan to visit Jardin Japonese and Jardin Zoologico. Wouldn't be much fun in the freezing rain or wind. And in any case, I will be more prepared for the weather tomorrow! First thing I will buy in the morning will be a thermos and a set of Yerba Mate. I think I've grown addicted to the bitter stuff, and I can't wait to have my own thermos to carry around like those old men of Argentina, Uruguay, and Chile.
1 pkg. fresh snow peas
into pieces...... I may end up stitching it onto a canvas
Even though I have a new computer (which is why I've been playing so much Starcraft II and Football Manager 2011 instead of working on my own game), I still use my old laptop when I'm working on Sore Losers: Riot Grrrl (the game I'm developing). I do this because I use MS Paint to create the graphics for this game and the new MS Paint has an annoying habit of changing the colour depth of PNGs when you save them, which causes many a problem if you're using RPGMaker 2003.
Someone who frequently uses the internet for social purposes can validate from one experience or the other the phenomenon of online activism: they come across a particular ideal, message, or situation that has been conveyed to them by other internet users. More often than not these “messages” will resound a cause that is meant to address and expose certain injustices occurring throughout the world. What Sandor Vegh does in his article “Classifying Forms of Online Activism: The Case of Cyberprotests against the World Bank”, is attempts to distinguish between different forms of activism online (as the name suggests), hacking vs. cyberterrorism being one of the main topics of discourse. He then further elaborates on the issue by analyzing what reactions can or should be justified in lieu of a hacker/cyberterrorist campaign.
It would very neat at this point to say I started writing The New Industrial Revolution as a result of this build up of anxiety about the world economy and how to get it in better shape.
1994 was supposed to be change for the better, freedom for all. Where is that freedom? How have things gotten any better?� It hasn’t.� The fact is things have gotten worse.� Not just here in South Africa, but all over the world including the land of the free and home of the brave.� I started reading an e-book by an ex-South African who has been living in UK for the past 12 years, and it is a great place to start to get information about political South Africa and its place in the global conspiracy.� Many of us know that the South African government, the ANC is incredibly corrupt. My question is what will change if, lets say, the DA comes into power?� Im sure there would be change, but would it be enough?� Mandela had such great aspirations and ideas to liberate South Africa and its inhabitants.� What happened to the freedom charter? What happened to those ideals and ideas?� We need to understand that its global politics, every country is at the mercy of those with money, and unfortunately South Africa still owes the IMF a lot of money.� We currently owe approximately $109.4 BILLION.
Besides taking the opportunity to vent about a situation that I find very frustrating, this story seems to me worth telling because it provides something of a parable of the contradictions involved in being a professor of popular music. It's my job to try to cultivate a more sophisticated understanding of popular music and the larger media system through which it's produced. But to do so, I need resources of a sort that are pretty common outside the academic setting but far less so inside. Adding to that, it's important for me not to take the supposedly inevitable tide of technological "progress" as a given. Just because the corporations that earn enormous profits from the production of new technologies have deemed some particular item or format to be obsolete doesn't mean that we should all follow suit. Vinyl may be, in the end, just another commodity item, no more no less, but it was also a dominant form in which people experienced music for the better part of a century, and the notion that we should all dispense with our vinyl archives because of changing media is folly.
3) An employee was hosing off the drive thru area and apparently the older man ahead of me didn't want to be in his way. He stopped his car at least 6 feet from the speaker and was at an awkward angle where I doubt his car could be seen on the monitor inside.
5) Tribeca Treats: These cupcakes are smaller and a bit more nuanced. The flavors are very specific and intense in a good way.
In addition to the death benefit, living benefits life insurance policies offer the trifecta of terminal, chronic and critical illness financial protection for insureds and their families. Used as an alternative to traditional long term care insurance, indexed universal life insurance products with living benefits can provide dollars for chronic illness with the added benefit of cash value buildup. Clients who balk at paying a hefty LTC insurance premium may be more than willing to purchase a living benefits index universal life policy as it can provide significant cash value if the policy is surrendered.
In our twisted society the demands of our parents to achieve, to surpass, to excel, to get more material stuff than your fellow neighbour are all seen as commonly accepted things...? In Buddhism, they teach that 'material possessions, kill the soul.'
Seaweed: It wasn't until recently that I discovered how much Heidi and Piper like seaweed. I've tried it and find it tastes too much like sushi without being sushi for me to fully enjoy it. But for them, a whole package is just not enough. They literally stuff these sheets into their mouths while simultaneously asking for more. They're worth a try, if you can find them, and they are also one of the more healthier snack options out there.
Our health care system is in ruins, and only those who have their heads in the sand can't see that. On several levels: loss of work force, cost of medical treatment, cost of insurance, an aging populous, this current "system" stands to wreck our country faster than Social Security, taxes, terrorists, or any competing cause. If we don't address it, it's going to be horribly ironic that the America we think we know will be destroyed by a social issue that right-wingers refused to acknowledge. Get off your high horse and bring solutions to the table. (And by the way, the most plausible solution here is to make health care insurance the responsibility of individuals, not employers. But like so many things, we all know that's not going to happen, either.)
Here's a clip of the opening credits. It's just...so odd. I can't look away.
We did learn a lot about the fort (not a walled fort like most of them), and the Buffalo Soldiers who were stationed there. This is a monument of Corporal Clinton Graves, one of the soldiers who fought the Apaches and received a Medal of Honor.
i'd just seen some cute drinking glasses and jars with mini chalkboards for labeling at world market, and thought that i could perhaps cover up the red floral vines with some chalkboard paint and use the jars in my "new" kitchen (i really changed a lot of stuff up!).
What really pisses me off, is that it has taken until now for the people of this once great nation to take a stand, and that the stand is being taken against white, Christian Europeans. If, instead of Italian and Polish workers, these jobs had been given to non-European immigrants from Africa, Asia or the Caribbean would the Politically correct brain washing have kicked in, and would those now protesting stayed at home to watch “Hustle” or some other Common Purpose approved propaganda with a take away curry. I hope not, but I fear so.
- Cross-curricular strategies
A week or so ago, my wife brought home two French movies on DVD, OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies and its sequel, OSS 117: Lost in Rio. They’re spy spoofs, a kind of French Austin Powers series, starring the delightful Jean Dujardin (he won this year’s Best Actor Oscar for The Artist) as the hopelessly out of touch, (almost) hilariously bigoted French spy OSS 117.
and clip their wings.
Don’t be afraid to look around at different stores or internet retailers. Look to see what the prices are at each store before you decide to make a purchase. If you are looking online, don’t forget to add taxes and shipping/handling to your final cost. Amazon and NewEgg might have the same product at the same price, but if Amazon is giving you free shipping, then in the end that is who you should go to.
In 2002, the American Association of Poison Control Centers launched a nationwide toll-free hotline for prevention and treatment of poisonings. The number is (800) 222-1222. In the case of any suspected poisoning emergency, they can be contacted 24 hours a day.
Najib will also need a strong showing in Sarawak and Sabah, where the likes of PBS and Upko insist an RCI into the influx of illegal immigrants is crucial.
Richard Sipe estimates that 9% of U.S. priests have offended, which extrapolates to 9,872 priests nationally….
Seth wanted very badly to say yes. He hated Bill Masterson more than anyone else, and listening to him yell was worse than his mother ever was. The man losing his job would make Seth genuinely happy for once. Instead he shook his head. "No," he whispered.
These are a few of my final images from my most recent piece of work looking at my relationship with nature.
So, if you would like me to send you a cute Christmas card, simply send me your postal address and I'll send you one towards the end of November :) I'd email your address to me rather than comment with it below (Esshaych@hotmail.co.uk), as you don't want everyone seeing your address lol!
One of the world’s most exclusive, luxury clothing brands, Thomas Pink, debuts in South Africa this season with the opening of its first store on African soil at Hyde Park Corner in Johannesburg.
Reading in dim light is supposed to be bad for you, which is somewhat evidenced by a surviving bedside lamp and book light industry. If not, you've certainly been told to turn on a light when reading in the near-dark. While reading without sufficient lighting can cause eye
Growing up I have such fond memories of both of my grandmothers.
About the book -
My last dog, Chase, was a golden retriever (or as I referred to him “Love of my life”). He ate up the adoration. Long before he was fully grown, it became clear he did not realize he was a dog, and I wasn’t going to break it to him…considering I was the one feeding him off my plate and baby-talking to my “Chaser-doodle-puppy-wuppy”. This quintessential family pet was the constant sidekick everyone gathered around at each soccer game to pet and spoil.
Anyhow...
“Child, worry not about the languages of men.
Besides, it was time to leave Socorro. Just before he skipped town, some copper swore he saw little green men over a hill on top of a mesa. G-men, the Air-Force and every hack reporter from La La Land to the Big Apple swarmed into the small town.
As I mentioned in an earlier post, this month I'm Guest Designing for Let's Capture Our Memories. I'm super excited about such a fun opportunity and TODAY my first guest post is up on their blog.
Never changing who,
What struck me about the two trips being so close together is the clear level of white, entitled anger that permeated fading-Midwestern-resort. The vacationing people on the island were a) clearly quite well off financially and b) supposed to be enjoying a leisurely holiday. Nonetheless, it seemed like every time I turned around all I heard was people obsessing about how they thought Obama had done them wrong and how this country was “on the road to socialism.” They were also numerous, numerous anti-immigrant statements. This occurred despite the fact that the very resort that was catering to them at that very moment clearly depended on immigrant labor. It was astounding to me that an entire island’s worth of people who are so fortunate (especially in a region with the highest unemployment) could continue to demand more and more of the pie. They have everything that they could possibly want and yet it simply wasn’t enough. Much to my horror, they also managed to say that every African-American waiter who served them “looked like Obama.” I find it unlikely that I will ever return to fading-Midwestern-resort.
When the weather turns cool, I sit in my " Good Room" I suppose you could call it my Parlour, I just love to be surrounded by special things! It is definitely worth the effort to make your home beautiful, because it is not just yours, but your familys sanctuary..
With the long weekend that's comin' up fast
This is just a glimpse of my crazy brain. Needless to say I was in an unhealthy state regarding my relationship with food, one that had been taking place for several years prior to coming to Portland.
Our lab instructor told us that most patients won't need help with perineal care and prefer to take care this themselves. As our course packet helpfully suggests, "Most patients understand what is meant is the nurse simply says, 'I'll give you a washcloth to finish your bath.'" Later I was saying that suggested phrasing is helpful. Of course someone was going to hear that as suggestive phrasing. Hilarity ensued.
Natrol Product $2/1 - expires 2/28/2011
Erik Schurink
I wrapped a few with burlap and string and placed them
I wanted to make a mini version of the tart, I've always liked mini everything as I think it is prettier. The tart dough I had was from Pierre Herme recipe, same one as I used in this lemon tart. I used the same recipe for the passion fruit cream, just substituted passion fruit for the lemon. As expected, the resulting cream is bursting with passion fruit flavor and as smooth as it can be. I made the leftover joconde and cream and raspberry jelly to make the cake version of it and it is equally good!
Yet, this simple concept of right and wrong gets muddled by differing ideas about religion, patriotism, economics and many other divisions. The “just war” rule has crumbled under the ambitions of empires throughout history. The American-led Anglo Saxon empire is no different.
Here is where my Ladies in Waiting: Red Arm Warmers is taking me. I am going to paint the edges of the blocks black (i think...still undecided on that one) and attach glass to the front with the help of my handy husband.
Or it might mean having a serious go at self-publishing. Many are seizing the opportunity to publish or re-publish their own books. For some, this is a bold and exciting step forward. For others it may be a last resort. Either way, some authors are beginning to do very well from it.
My father and old brother just stood off to the side, saying little. "My little brother is going to be so much cooler and funnier than me." my brother remarked prophetically.
Its even worse when you’re knee-deep – and in head first.
1 climbing
We want to you share this special character or book/series with us and your followers. Tell us about them: share pictures, passages, quotes, excerpts, etc. Then offer that book as a giveaway to share the love. We all want the chance to be besotted, carried away, and/or charmed. So, introduce us to that special character that has left you love-struck.
In true optimist fashion, I've decided to post a few of the things I'm most looking forward to about our move.
After all the company, which is largely owned by Taib’s cousin and nominee, multi-millionaire Hamed Sepawi, has produced a series of financial losses in the state.
While he was at the hospital, all the hospital staff, especially the nurses love to talk and entertain him … he was simply adorable … always like to mimic them, smile at them sweetly even though he was sick. He loves to chat with them while they cleaned him up or inserted medicine thru his drip.
She motivates
I had some goals to workout just as much and eat well on my week off Feb. weight loss challenge. I however did not stick to them. I let stress get to me and had a few days where I ate some junk food and drank a couple sodas. I also only exercised about three of the days. I surprisingly lost a half a pound still even on my week off. So I am thinking building some muscle doing more strength training is helping me burn calories easier. I am totally ready for this challenge again. So I am going to blog once again while I am doing the 21 Day Mommy Bloggers Weight Loss Challenge, sponsored by Dustin Maher.
“You have no right to claim shamanhood. Do you mean to betray your oaths as a witch?” the voice mocks. “What sort of vows were they, to be broken like this?”
Morello: What was yesterday?
One of the many reasons I started this blog was to connect with people and share stories and info about running. It’s mostly been one-way but I get that people are scared to share their stories and comments. I get it, I was like that. But this little exercise in public writing has helped me quite a bit. And I’ve connected with people who I wouldn’t have otherwise. So it’s not all bad!
And that strength is even more available to us today, because God has expressed his character most vividly in Christ (Heb. 1:1-3).
Yet, ironically as Jamaican sprinters are finding success by flocking to their country's top sprint coaches in droves, we here in the US seem to be slipping as our athletes are running the other way from our top coaches! Spearmon had great success with Braumann, but left to train with his father. Carter began having success with Holloway (in spite of injury) but left. Wariner was seemingly on his way to the WR in the 400 but left Hart - and my grapevine says that Sanya Richards is considering a similar move. Does anyone think that the Lakers will be getting rid of Phil Jackson any time soon? I didn't think so.
Luke kept trying to fall over. No matter how many times we told him to stay put, he just couldn't keep his feet in the boat. Then, he noticed that he had splashed a bunch of water into the boat so he grabbed our DRY towel and began sopping up the water. Aaggh! We tried to explain to him that it was OK for there to be water in the bottom of the boat. I should have just thrown him overboard...
* Hydrologists
The pragmatic and the ideal are one and the same.
“Can I tell you something?” I asked him.
Praguer Lager: (***) German malts; sweet and fruity; light; refreshing; dark but clear amber color; crisp.
I eventually ended up running the 2010 Chicago Marathon and the 2011 Chicago Marathon as well – both for charities. I figured that if was going to run, I might as well run for a great cause, since I knew it drove and inspired me. I eventually ended up loving distance running, mainly because I’m able to run free and enjoy and appreciate the world around me, not to mention, God gave me the ability to do so, and I don’t want to take that for granted.
Article and images by José Soto
At the guide’s feet was a thin, white line, perhaps two inches wide, that was comprised of some kind of granular powder. It stretched off in either direction, curving away into the fiery haze of the silent, dead wood. “Is that salt?” Stolik asked, nudging it with his toe.
Pacific National Exhibition Park, Vancouver, Canada - April 8th, 1975 source #1
A whole bunch
What it is most famous for though is solving difficult situations. Can’t figure out whose turn it is to pick up dog poop? Rock, paper, scissors. Can’t remember who’s supposed to do the dishes? Rock, paper, scissors. One kid claims another kid cut him in line but you don’t know who to believe? Rock, paper, scissors.
I have a love/hate relationship with money.
“You can re-use the covers and switch up the insert so you are saving on laundry and energy.”
John G. Farrell, 32, New York, N.Y.
what exactly does it mean to be well behaved and do I stand firm in those definitions?
It was a good week for mail. It's starting to trickle back in a little faster than it was a couple of weeks ago, thank goodness!
Oh, it’s WandErection, I mean, One Direction… Never heard of them…
Baldrick: "What I want to know sir is before there was a Euro there were lots of different types of money that different people used. And now there's only one type of money that the foreign people use. And what I want to know is, how did we get from one state of affairs to the other state of affairs"
I couldn't find a tester at the time, so I hoped for the best.
Story content will have everything to do with three little boys deciding to color Easter eggs without me. I told them we would would color eggs when I came back from the grocery store. They called me on my cell while I was shopping to say they decorated the eggs without me. They were so proud.
Police Sirens can already be heard, as she starts the car and with a…
Did you know that the Rice Lake Public Library offers Kindles and Nooks that you can borrow? The library has loaded these eReaders full of books, so you’re almost sure to find something you haven’t read before. You can borrow a library eReader for three weeks! At this time, there is a waiting list for one of these devices. If you would like to reserve one, please call or visit the library Reference Desk. We will need to know your library card number.
in order to fly towards sunlight, freedom and discovery like a butterfly.
I wonder what Kevin Donlan has in mind when he speaks of “a new model for a new day.” I have finished a careful study of the new Rwandan canons and the Anglican Mission canonical charter. They evidence the strong influence of the Roman Catholic Code of Canon Law in language, doctrine, norms, and principles. In a number of places the Rwandan canons clearly are repudiation of the Thirty-Nine Articles and of authentic historic Anglicanism, and embrace in their place the dogmas of the Council of Trent. The provisions governing the relationship of the Rwandan Primate with Anglican Primatial Vicar Chuck Murphy are based upon the provisions of the Roman Catholic Code of Canon Law governing the relationship of the Pope to lesser bishops of the Roman Catholic Church. This causes me also to wonder what part Donlan himself played in their formulation.
FEMALE CALLER (31:50): He (Michael Jackson) is truly the soundtrack of my life. I also have a theory about Sarah Palin as well and I’m going to put it out there on radio, hopefully someone can investigate.
slightly familiar
The first thing that came to mind was this:
It was still quite cool out, especially on the shore of Lake Erie whose water temperature is still in the 40s. That didn’t stop the other beachcombers from wandering along the water’s edge looking for interesting looking rocks and beach glass.
I'm inviting you into my living room this time. This is the corner media cabinet in all its almost "bareness." I know you've seen it several times, but I've decked it out differently.
"I like and respect Three Floyds’ work, as evidenced by my story in the Tribune this week. I stand by how I quoted Nick Floyd regarding Portland beer in the blog post that accompanied the story."
We ask for the support of all who believe in the traditional values of Europe that the Hungarian Prime Minister fights for in the EU. We ask for your support as we are being attacked in the European Parliament and the leftist media for our moral stance in the face of moral relativism that the EU has forced upon us to destroy all of our European heritage. We need your signatures to ascertain that Europe reclaims its heritage and autonomy as “we all have an eminent need of spiritual and intellectual renewal”.
Of course I made a rule of not going near the actual balcony under any circumstance. No matter how big the bubbles were! Of course I kept a good eye on them to ensure they kept with the rules! There was never any problem. But they are good kids!
Knowledge is not power but what is done with it
The only thing I might change (but I love my journey and wouldn't REALLY change anything) is I would have learned about the term unschooling sooner, and maybe been introduced to authors like John Holt.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO JAN MARIE today and many days to come! I was in Denver last summer and was able to meet this wonderful lady in PERSON! That was a real treat because you talk to people on a blog but to meet in person is really special. And by the way...Mike the shipping guy (her husband) is a one super fellow too. So my wish for today to Jan Marie is to have a day of happiness, laughter, relaxation, and so much fun you can't see straight!
Live cricket match is what is prevailing in the 1996 cricket world cup dvd of plant material. They are also maintained for List A limited over games played domestically at the live cricket world cup and the 1996 cricket world cup dvd of crickets. Some food supplements like alfalfa, calcium supplements and raw vegetable scraps can also listen to it. You need to know the 1996 cricket world cup dvd a different light.
so what are you totally loving this week?
So how to deferentiate your consumer from the customer and what separates one success story from another... Simple;-.
“Amen, amen I say to you, the eighth day will be the day of great rejoicing and gladness, for Satan’s long reign of terror shall be finally over and My Son shall establish His glorious reign in your midst. Yes, creation will once again belong rightfully to Me, and persons shall live in accord with My holy and divine Will. Love shall be the law of the land as brother will assist brother, sister shall assist sister, and holiness, humility, simplicity and justice shall reign supreme. This shall be the new era. This shall constitute the new heavens and the new earth, and it shall only be in the light of My divine Truth that you shall begin to understand how ensnared the world, at this present time, truly is. It will only be after the victory has been won, that the collective eyes of humanity shall be opened wide for the first time, like a new-born babe, realizing that it is finally free of its tremendous burden of sin and death. For I Am Who Am and all of these things shall come to pass. So shall it be, for I Am the Lord” (2/6/12).
It makes me think it may just be an interesting year.
“I’m sorry, but the doctor won’t accept you as a patient then.”
After the concert, both Marcus and Sam manned the merchandise table. In between selling CDs and t-shirts, they signed autographs, posed for pictures, and gave hugs. I was one of the first in line to buy new music and get my CDs signed by both. Marcus took my ninja marker, but I figured he needed it more than I did! I got my picture with both and received a couple hugs as well. These guys are so friendly, genuine, and gracious to their fans. Before I walked away, both were adamant about saying, “thank you.” I wish them so much luck for future success.
Daft punk is playing at my house
4. Pisces (Oberg) 1:26
It’s also particularly important in our physical practice, because it’s easy to “fake it” in certain poses. I find myself doing this more than I would like. I can cheat my leg a little higher in Utthita Hasta Padangusthasana, but if I am honest with myself and drop my hip in line with the other, the limitations of my hamstrings come into play and I have to work a lot harder. Being honest with your body and where you’re at safeguards you from injury. If you’re not strong enough in your core and shoulders to lower in chatturanga, practice with your knees on the floor until you build strength. Use props as tools to guide you deeper in your practice and support you.
I thought the cards were suppose to be blank with no sentiment---, but I now believe I "thunk-ded" wrong and so I might add a Hello sentiment on the front to round it out before I send it off. Sometimes my thinker is just not thinker-ing!
Kerri says that's in case of swelling, and a full cast will go on for another five weeks after review.
It’s not necessarily that young Christians are apathetic, or less concerned about moral causes than their parents, or disillusioned after voting for Obama, say voters themselves and those attentive to their concerns.
You may have been wondering why I have not been so active here on my Blog. Well, I've had a lot going on in my life right now and a few projects as well.
to not let money stand in the way of their dreams.
4. Samdong/Hyemi. Hyemi quotes Samdong's words to Baekhee after the big onstage "dance of gliterry swans," and he overhears and is proud that Hyemi remembered what he said. Cue the adorable cheek-kiss.
“The purposes of the First International Psychedelic Exposition are manifold. On one level we hope to give the general public a glimpse of the psychedelic world and the beautiful creations it has inspired. On another level we hope that open and forthright exposition of psychedelic phenomena by the people it has inspired will facilitate communication between those who are somewhat fearful of the mind expansion experience and those who have had the experience and found a method to present what they found most worthwhile, be it through music, art, visual techniques, or group events.” The catalog also promoted “a common drug available to anyone with $5.00 to spare – lysergic acid diethylamide”.
We arrive home without further incident and it's the strangest sensation. We've twitched and sweated against the restrictions of curfew for two days, yet while we were out for the brief official break, we were jumpy and anxious to get back to the relative safety of our yard. Then, as soon as we're back, we fret, wanting to go out again. Especially as the pressure we're all under, freaked and forced into such close company with one another, means that tensions in the house simmer below the surface at all times, breaking out into frequent arguments that I have to try to mediate.
But you're cryin', you're cryin' now.
rejected you
Grilled Wild Salmon With Fennel, Leeks
“He’s very good at winning balls from attacking players and he’s a good organizer in the back,” Silva said. “We’ve added a lot of vocal leadership at defense and that’s something that was very important to me.”
happy chance
We use some tools for background processing like: Resque, DelayedJob, Starling/Workling. Our Ruby on Rails developers prefer to use frameworks like RSpec, Cucumber using standard ROR tests with different plugins like Shoulda, factory_girl etc. All our programming code is accompanied with complete documentation and proper testing.
sydney's teacher's daughter hosts a fundraiser every year --
One of the only parts I had to totally replace, was the three speed shifter switch and cable. I rounded up an unused piece on eBay for about $9.00. The cable was a few inches longer than what I needed, but it worked just fine. As you can see.. I added a little flair to the bike with some Electra flame grips that I had lying around.
Ground black pepper to taste
Victory Brewing Company Storm King Stout
On September 11, 2002 I was walking through Ground Zero in New York City, where the Twin Towers had been attacked just a year ago by terrorists. As I was standing there watching people go through all those feeling and emotions of sadness, I discovered the style of photography that I love and feel passionate about–street photography.
but i will also have 2 days a week with THREE kids in school.
Dry Dock Brewing Co. Alexander Nevesky Russian Imperial Stout
Brainstorm businesses and organization that might be interested in your book. What company or group would most benefit from your book?
We played several games, one of our favorites is Headbanz, a funny game where you ask questions trying to figure what object/thing/animal is on your head...its really fun to play! Unfortunately didn't get a picture of Mom and Dad but we were all in on the game!
I was just about to tell him that I wasn't here for him when all of a sudden he did a face plant onto the curb. I heard his face hit and then I heard the group of people moan. Then I saw the look of horror on their faces as the poor guy stood up. I could see why the horrified look on their faces as he turned to look at me. His lip was cut and spurting blood, his eye was beginning to swell as if someone was blowing up a balloon and his forehead had so much blood leaking from a gash that it looked like a road map. He just sort of looked at me with this dazed and confused smile, turned and walked away.
Can you remember back to when you had babies to care for and how careful you were with their bedding? You'd make sure the sheets were clean and straight, you'd make the little bed several times a day and as soon as there was a wet sheet, into the washing machine it would go. You did those things, and more, because you knew how important that bed was to your baby. Well, I might be reverting to babyhood because I tend my bed as carefully as I would a cot or crib and I do it because sleep is important. Now let me declare my bias here up front. I LOVE my bed, always have, always will. I am a good sleeper. I'm rarely in bed more than ten minutes before I'm sound asleep. But I also do a lot of my thinking in bed in the cool dark hours of the morning and being in an uncomfortable bed would not be conducive to my sleeping or thinking. If I want to get the most out of every day, I need to sleep well.
In her article, ‘Should the church connect with the Occupy movement?’, St. Francis of Assisi Pastoral Administrator Valerie Chapman, whom at least one local journalist erroneously identifies as “pastor” of the Southwest Portland parish, attempts to convince readers that Catholic Social Teaching tends to support the work(s) of Occupy Wall Street.
I'm pretty happy with what I wrote for HOUND's sequel, though, and it seems to want my attention. I'm trying to fend it off, but being on query for HOUND makes me think about HOUND, which makes me think about what I could do with world and characters next.
Bertie eyed the entrails hungrily. “If you don’t want to, I could finish it off for you?” he offered gallantly, already starting to skulk forward. Reginald narrowed his eyes. Bertie waited. “All the same, Bertie, I need to eat it all,” Reginald sniffed delicately, turning his head away with mild distaste, ”however much it may pain me to consume the revolting morsels,” he added and then looked incredulously at the bare ground where the revolting morsels were no longer in evidence. “Thanks a lot Bertie!” he hissed. “You are such a liability. And a major pain in the scruff.“
So, after all that, you deserve a freebie.. But guess what, you're not getting just ANY freebie, you're getting a freebie with a chance to WIN!
“I’m sorry my transporter was malfunctioning, alright what’s the big emergency?
Thompson
Well look no further!
I am lucky, I get to look at beautiful objects every day in the museum, but I am envious of the people who got to live and work with these things. I am awestruck with how much detail objects like this elevator façade have. The museum’s own elevators have plain flat facades that neither distinguish or mask them.
With their virtual abandonment of melody and a typical song structure, this stuff is as wild and raw as music gets. In fact, I think the only one term we can use to commodify these tracks: let's call it Free James Brown.
This voluminous human figure takes on a trinitarian shape,
My life has had it's fair share of trials. But, I know they all have refined me. I know those trials are not yet over, and I still have much refining to go. I am thankful God cares enough to see me though the trials and can't wait until he can see His whole reflection when He looks at me...
The plotting and engineering involved in the first few chapters of the story is a marvel to behold. Davis manages to create four separate mysteries: who is Gene Swendsen, the new chauffeur? What really happened to Kitten in that auto accident? Why is Hilda, her sister, such a nervous wreck? And is the person in the room upstairs really Kitten? Mysterious phone calls to the man who delivered Swendsen to the Corwith home add to the suspense. Each chapter ends with an italicized section that give us insight into "the patient" in the room upstairs. We know the thoughts and feelings of "the patient" and watch as this person turns the pages of a diary written, of course, in the first person but with all references to Kitten in the third person. The diary starts out with glowing entries showing admiration for Kitten then reveal petty envy and finally explode into bitter hatred. But then the diary can't be Kitten's, can it? Why refer to herself in the third person? And if it isn't Kitten's diary, whose is it and how did the patient get a hold of it?
Depeche Mode Walking in my shoes UK
Sam has just begun his search for his bike. Today, Sam went with his dad to check out bikes at two different stores. He is deciding between the Surly Long Haul Trucker and the Specialized Tricross. He will put the order in for the bike by the end of the week, and will have it under his feet soon.
“The insurgency’s safe haven in Pakistan, as well as the limited capacity of the Afghan government, remain the biggest risks to the process of turning security gains into a durable and sustainable Afghanistan,” according to the report.
I've had a great time. And I really look forward to working on these again next year. That is if anyone will have me as their Baker! (hint. hint)
I've been away from the blog for so long, let's see if I remember how this goes......
a door that opened deep within.
I have tasted every vintage of this wine ever shipped to the UK and it just gets better and better, I chose to mention this wine deliberately as Private Bin is Villa Maria’s lowest rung on the quality ladder, yet it is still a lovely wine offering great quality and terrific value for money.
The idea for the beer was born back on IPA Day last year when we had an epic 'IPA Dinner' at the Dean Swift in London, designed by Rick, Max Chater (now Head Dog at BrewDog Nottingham) & Momo their talented head chef.
So, today we went and got some birthday pictures made of the girls. I just took the cheap route, with JC Penny. It is always so challenging to get a good picutre of them. I really hope to get my friend to photograph them before we leave, maybe in the Spring. Anyway, we got a couple of good ones. Carolina turned out to be the harder one, because almost all of hers were fake smiles. So, then she wanted sausage and eggs, so we headed to Cracker Barrell. Then we went to Classroom Corner and got a few "learning" things. I got her some lined paper to help in practicing her writing and some dot-to-dot books, she loves! On the way home you could see the sky forever and the clouds were so interesting against a bright blue. I told Lina to look how big God must be to such a huge sky. She said , yes, He must be that big, then she said "those clouds are so rowdy!" I'm not sure where she came up with that one.
My daughter and I made these books. They are our version of Smash books! Just personalized!!
I couldn’t not like AVENGERS ASSEMBLE in the end, because where else can you see Jenny Agutter attempt to nuke Manhattan? She hasn’t wielded power like that since WALKABOUT.
Imagine An& complain and say the ACIB need restructuring…..is 20 months you in charge of it An& and you aint do anything to fix it? http://www.newsday.co.tt/news/0,155240.html
Sometimes it seems unfair the way life happens doesn't it?
Feeling somewhat reflective these days!
My former mother-in-law was an OB/GYN nurse and demanded to see the records of the delivery. She was convinced that somehow, the vacuum extractor was responsible for slicing and dicing my nether-regions.
2-01 Call Me
OUR VIDEO:
B is for Beatles
JUNIOR FACULTY
There are four faces of this pyramid, one for each direction. The serpent is activated on the Spring (planting, open to receive new seeds) and Fall Equinoxes (harvesting the seeds planted from spring… that is to say, Full use of all that was planted in spring.)
The days have fallen into a simple routine of golf in the morning, before it gets too hot, a bit of a nap, lunch, another nap, a dip in the pool, a walk on the beach and a cocktail or two before dinner.
Pro tip: can't afford the $18 entry fee? Sign up to volunteer--a 2.5 hour shift gets you one free ticket.
My husband and I don't really drink wine... but a lot of these fancy pants recipes call for it. What to do....I have no idea why it didn't dawn on me to pick these little guys up. Each bottle is a cup, which is perfect.
“Genius always comes out with current requirements of the customers. They have always addressed the demand of the hour at the right time. KM 110X is the need currently at the entry level. This product is cost-effective and well suits the entry-level combos with good features and hence adding a feature rich to the partners kitty,” said Sudhir S, Managing Director, Inspan Infotech.
10. Yesterday, I was reminded how great a family I’ve got. My older sister was fighting a sinus headache and went to bed early, so my brother-in-law, who doesn’t often feel well, took charge of little A. until bedtime, when my mom took over. Before that, my mom was finishing a project for work, so I was able to clean the kitchen and make a cake she had to have for today. That’s the sort of thing my mom has taught us and it’s really wonderful to be able to help each other. My dad is great to help out, too, as are Sisters #1 and #2, though Sis #2 isn’t home that often. I just love the attitude of servanthood in a house. It makes life so much easier for everyone!
Graduating Senior - Open houses - Parties!
We are 100% debt free now.
I’m a very weird person. I like taking pictures of everything….literally. I say literally more than the average human being. I suppose by saying literally it will enforce the fact that what I am saying is so literal that you can have zero questions about it. Its weird. I have an odd obsession with pronouncing words correctly. People make fun of me and the way I say “clothes”. I literally (here we go) say kuh-lo-thiz. Thats probably phonetically wrong but it just sounds like it is spelled. I was terrible in English though. I don’t know why I have that habit. I’m severely random. I get excited about new things, hence the reason I started a blog. I make weird faces and noises. All day, errrryday. But that’s me. When I’m really tired I start to get even weirder. Ok, done rambling.
It is necessary that you stay in the Inn to be a part of the workshop. If for some reason that is impossible, speak to the inn and they will give you a daily rate for participation. The Stapleton Kearns July Workshop Package includes one dinner and two or three nights lodging. The rate, single occupancy with dinner is $297.00 for the two nights in a standard room (or 20% off upgraded rooms if you wish to guarantee one of those). This includes lunch each day of the workshop. If you would like
As much as she enjoys making the pint-size desserts, Colleen seems to have just as much fun naming them, particularly since it allows her to blend her two loves: food and music.
I started a blog about a year and a half ago, but after about 10 or 15 entries that were just so damn depressing, I stopped. I think maybe a couple of my friends were reading, but I decided that no one should be subjected to my despondent ramblings.
The house, built by George Washington Vanderbilt II (grandson to railroad tycoon Cornelius "Commodore" Vanderbilt) is extremely impressive. Finished in 1895, the 135,000 square foot house contains 250 rooms, including a 70,000 gallon heated indoor swimming pool and a bowling alley. It remains today as the largest privately-owned home in the country.
These disciplines are indicative only, as papers
while the world trembles.
12. Get Up
Deze is gemaakt met het stempeltje 'Sweet Tilda'. Het papier dat ik gebruikt heb is weer van DCWV, 'Linen Closet'.
You can set your own rules and your own standards. I live on my writing income, so if I'd written three wonderful novels and not yet sold them, that would be a failure. If you're a full-time pilot with five children and no partner, writing two pages might be a massive success. Be realistic.
I think he's absolutely right. We spend a lot of time trying to figure out how to improve our manuscripts and how to improve ourselves as writers. Our interior list of negatives is continually polished, when we should make sure that we're able to move forward in our writing from our strengths.
As well as Kouhaku, the sun rising over Mount Fuji was broadcast on live on tv, and I ate soba! So that was my fairly authenic seeing-in of the new year. By the way, my Chinese horoscope is Dragon, so 2012 is my year!
That will be revealed in the last book of the series...
have been asked and answered. You respect that people have eaten a lot of lousy sandwiches by accepting their conclusions. Pulled pork goes on white bread and it doesn’t involve cheese*.
Below are a few pictures from my camera lens of Hong Kong during this festival -
I hope you’re enjoying your weekend! For us it is a four day weekend! Woot Woot!
Paris Cookbook Festival
EHA will manage all tenant personal and financial information in compliance with the Data Protection Act and this will not be shared with the Trust (except where required to support a formal appeal against an allocation decision). This was a major issue for the LCT as it was felt important that Trustees were not compromised by knowledge of tenant personal and financial information.
I've been such a slacker. I feel muddled, confused, unorganized, sluggish. I have really been considering what I want and how I want to get there but I feel like I'm in a constant state of playing catch up and can't get ahead.
Elyse is not the only one keeping secrets. There are others like her all over the world, descendants of the very people the Greeks considered gods. She is one of them, and they have been waiting for her.
The Dominican Republic has issued a statement denying Justice Sec. Leila De Lima’s unverified report that former president Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo had sought asylum in the Carribean nation. De Lima has apologized to the Arroyos. But that, too is unverified.
Demtem an asset to the nation, and pursuant to the oppressed and the good brother and the support.
He came from impeccable matrilineal succession of the Royal house. He was connected to Bridei son of Beli (c.672-93) who had fought ‘for the inheritance of his (maternal) grandfather’ at Dunnichen when Nechtan was an impressionable child at court. So the cataclysmic turnaround of affairs which resulted, of great Northumbria having to hand back part of conquered Pictland to the Picts, must have made a deep impression on him.
The children are in school for five and a half hours a day. If they sleep ten hours, they still have seven and a half hours to play and socialize. Surely, for the short time allotted to their formal education, they should be expected to be quiet, attentive, focused on challenging material in a peaceful atmosphere which is conductive to learning.
Side by side, like he is asleep,
By the time I got to the new house, I was having visual hallucinations. I had left my old house around 4:00 AM and arrived at the new house at 9:00 PM. My husband can make the drive much faster that that, but if I drove over 60 MPH pulling that trailer, it would sway. I was also guzzling gas in that truck and had to refill quite often despite the oversized fuel tank.
The Doctor and Adric head to Earth. It has come to the Doctor’s attention that his beloved diamond-shaped logo has been replaced, and he isn’t happy. The TARDIS arrives at BBC Television Centre, London, England, Earth. The Doctor drowns Adric in the Thames for being annoying and then heads off to find a certain John Nathan Turner. However, his journey is interrupted by several old faces.
Tea's Fettucini Alfredo
About the director:
In April 2006, Leeds university authorities subjected Dr Frank Ellis to an Inquisition after he had an interview published in “Leeds Student". Dr Ellis was sought out for the interview with political bias in mind because of his “peculiar and extreme views". He and his interviewer ranged over many topics but what ignited prejudice against him were his remarks that the average black has a lower IQ than the average white or Asian; that he believed we need to introduce a policy of humane repatriation. There were the usual demonstrations by Unite Against Fascism. The University's decision was purely to persecute a man for holding the wrong opinion: he treated his students fairly and impartially as the interviewer acknowledged Dr Ellis’s “excellent rapport with his students and colleagues". Further, Leeds have a system to prevent unfair marking as the candidate's paper is anonymous and each is marked by 3 different tutors. He was investigated by the West Yorkshire police for incitement to racial hatred. So what is the problem? Dr Ellis was not disciplined for his conduct towards his students, which was exemplary, but persecuted for not expressing the right thoughts on race. In an interview on Talk Sport Ian Collins screamed at Ellis, ”You're mad!” (7)
But it cannot define you. Not any more. You are a wild pig rooting for truffles. You are a weasel about to rip the throat out of a rabbit. You are an entrepreneur. You are going to be rich, and you don't much care, within the law, how you are going to do it. Or what must be sacrificed in the attempt.
So, what does Andrew get to do for revealing? He gets to throw someone in the brig!
Pros: The deserts are incredible!
Different ideas. I’d like to dress up as each of my friends and take their portrait, a portrait of me, an homage. Maybe I’ll do it but I wonder if it’s worth it.
I really need to start planning more seriously before buying. And then follow through on those plans. Before Christmas I had a vague, half formed idea in my head that it would be really good to make dried apricots in brandy as a gift for my lovely mother. Sadly, time ran away with me and they never did get made. I did accomplish the first step of the plan to make them though... I bought the dried apricots. Really quite a lot of apricots as it happens, because the Kilner jar I was planning on using can take quite a lot of fruit and I thought having a few spare wouldn't be a problem.
I always pictured us on that frame with a huge family.
Let it bloom,
Take an optimist viewpoint. Look for the opportunity in a seemingly “bad” situation.
Right here we have a cross-pollination of a zombie flick, jungle action, Rambo shoot-em-up, voodoo horror and Friday the 13th gore job. This is like a discount closeout at the Everything Must Go Cliche Store with macho mercenaries, damsels in distress, harrowing escapes, creatures leaping out of the shadows, shocking bloody effects and an ending that is as nihilistic as it is stupid. It's like the film-makers had to do something with all of these leftovers from every other movie made in 1989 so they lumped them all in here, slapped a title on it and hoped for the best.
41) Mathias Dahlgren (Stockholm, Sweden)
11/2 tablespoons diced onion
I jumped off the tram at the University stop and headed down to the Bath to see if it was open, but as we all now know it wasn't, though teasingly the lights were on. So I popped in Betty's for a fishcake butty (my evening meal) before heading up to Harrisons 1854. Here the Deception was back on form so I had a pint or two of that and caught up with Barraharri before I made the rash decision to go and get some late tipples at Dada.
Soaring Spirit
Someone once said to me that if you have been to one wedding, you have been to them all - and yes this someone was the cynical architect with the colourful jumpers and no heart who sits next to me in the office... but my response to him was this:
211Labour and rest, that equal periods keep;
Which brings me to Recording Software.
I sell Avon products and have list of houses canvassed, catalogues delivered, returned, due, orders, customer details, etc. Thankfully I enjoy making lists.
Heartbroken Corrie star Kym Marsh has begged fiancé Jamie Lomas to come clean after cheating claims
Charles, The Duke of Radcliffe, never expects to see this girl again after he’d seduced and released her. Charles is painfully aware that he should never have touched the chit delivered to his bed by mistake, but the young beauty is just too tempting, and watching the next morning as she is ostracized by an unforgiving Ton only complicates matters. Unable to stand by as Madison’s future is ripped from her, The Duke, who has inexplicably fallen for the lady he soiled and deserted, makes plans to forge a new future for Madison, a future where he is her husband…whether she likes it or not.
Frank Zappa and the Mothers
“H-hi Eduard. Yes . . it is quite a l-lovely day.” I replied while stuttering.
Where await the spectral ships on the crimson tide
One day, I’d like to be in a drama. If I were to pick a genre, it’d be romantic comedy. Personally, I want my love life to be like a drama-like too.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit and place rack in the center of the oven. Place the almonds on a baking sheet and bake for about 8-10 minutes (or until lightly browned and fragrant). Once the nuts have cooled, place in a food processor and process with 1/4 cup of the sugar from the recipe until finely ground.
I will never claim to be a genius or a scholar, but as a gardener, I've observed the best solar around! Have you noticed all the pictures of flowers in this post? They've been directly powered by the sun too.
“Dear Sir,
I know I started this blog as my journey through the wonders of cake decorating, but when I feel depressed I don’t feel like baking, and if I don’t feel it, it looks s#!+ lol.
What is the reaction of man when Jesus Christ reveals Himself? We want to look at this in three ways and one of these will relate to you. Naturally we look at Saul of Tarsus. He had been blind spiritually, not comprehending the light. In John 1:5 we see this truth. And the light shineth in darkness; and the darkness comprehended it not.” Up to this point Saul did not recognise his spiritual condition of being in darkness.
Mouth feel: Fairly heavy body for a lager.
(The queen) was alone with Lord Robert and myself on the poop, when they
no matter how far we may have strewn – is simply beautiful.
7:20: I toast up some frozen waffles for Junebug.
Margarita, my favorite dance partner from Los Consagrados milonga also goes to the Sunday afternoon Confiteria Ideal milonga and had been trying to get me to come for quite some time, so I finally decided to check it out. I had fun dancing several tandas with her there. Afterwards I walked over to my regular Sunday night milonga at El Beso.
Opinions of Counsel - Infringement/ Validity; content and handling by Christopher P. Isaac– Partner, Finnegan, Henderson, Farabow, Garrett & Dunner LLP, Reston, Virginia
The best cliche ever: I won’t piss you even if you were fire.
Place 1 tbsp filling in the center of each wonton wrapper. Brush the edges of the wrappers with egg, and pinch the edges to seal into a square.
We operate in strict ways, for the benefit and survival of the pack. Everyone is important and everyone has their role to play. It is easy and everyone understands.
Mike Pinder- Keyboards/Vocals
Pure Shiraz from the Medlands vineyard on the Barossa Valley floor.
The “Puffy-Shirt” from the “Puffy-Shirt” episode is on display in the Smithsonian.
DRENCHED. Disgusting.
Stadium Club Chrome Preview
8. First grew to love this song after hearing it at the end of "School of Rock."
“And it happened, in the spring of the year, at the time kings go out to battle, that Joab led out the armed forces and ravaged the country of the people of Ammon, and came and besieged Rabbah. But David stayed at Jerusalem. And Joab defeated Rabbah and overthrew it.” 1 Chronicles 20:1
I have two stories I would like to tell today, the first is both humorous and embarrassing. The second involves the published Author Chris D'Lacey
“I just repainted my office using H2 Ahh!, my signature color from Ellen’s Designer’s Palette. I had originally painted my bedroom this color with “not full spectrum” blended paint from another company. When Ellen invited me to be one of the designers in her line I knew I wanted my signature blue/green/gray and she formulated it as a full spectrum blend.
There are several varieties of kelp: true kelp, which thrives in cool seas; giant kelp, and bladder kelp, which grow in the North Pacific. Giant kelp is so named because it grows to 213 ft (65 m). Kelp anchors itself to rocky surfaces via tentacle-like roots. From these roots grows a slender stalk with long, leaf-like blades.
Spoon out about 1/3 cup of dough for each shortcake onto the baking sheet, leaving about 3 inches of space between the mounds. Pat each mound down until it is between 3/4 and 1 inch high. (The shortcakes can be made to this point and frozen on the baking sheet, then wrapped airtight and kept in the freezer for up to 2 months. Bake without defrosting – just add at least 5 more minutes to the oven time.)
Apparently this is available on a DVD of Frank Tashlin’s THE GLASS BOTTOM BOAT, which is vaguely apt, but it should really be an extra with VERTIGO. Both because of the ways in which Jones’s visuals approach Saul Bass’s (the YouTuber who posted it apparently thinks it’s by Norman McLaren — a fair guess, but WRONG), and in the way the short reverses the sympathies engendered in Hitchcock’s film — a woman trapped and torn and manipulated and molded between two horrible men is replaced by a female manipulator who remodels the men in her life, rejecting the less adaptable model in favour of the one who can literally be bent to her will.
MH: Thanks for playing along. Besides January's release of Giant Thief is there anything you'd like to mention to close us out?
I have seen some ebook formatters charge outrageous fees for enhanced ebooks doing no more than what I do as part of my standard service, to me this is highway robbery. I usually charge a nominal fee for each external link (mostly less than .25 per link to write and insert the code) but I have seen some business charge $200 – $400 more on top of the formatting and conversion charge.
To quote from the “press release” accompanying the new episode:
And my son’s face-this much for honor…
I mentioned in a previous post that I'm visiting Tokyo in January- very excited!! I thought I'd reminisce with you about previous trips to Japan, so today I'll tell you about my first time in Osaka last summer.
To answer that question, we need to think about the speed of the moral revolution that has pushed this question to the forefront of our culture. In less than a generation, homosexuality has gone from being almost universally condemned to being almost fully normalized in the larger society.
Born on September 15, 1956, Willie Mullins was six-times amateur champion rider in Ireland and his major successes in the saddle included the 1983 John Smith’s Fox Hunters’ Chase at Aintree on Atha Cliath when the also-rans were partnered by the likes of Robert Waley-Cohen and Aintree chairman Lord Daresbury, before taking out a training licence in 1988 and is now the country’s pre-eminent jump handler. As a jockey in the John Smith’s Grand National, his rides included The Ladys Master, who ran out in 1983, and Hazy Dawn, who fell at the sixth the following year. He hails from one of Ireland’s most famous racing families, being a son of the late Paddy Mullins, the outstanding all-round trainer whose most famous star was Dawn Run, winner of the 1984
Who ran to help the elderly couple?
Among these dark Satanic Mills?
I used to be so strong
Too often, people fall into the trap of strife. Someone says something that rubs you the wrong way, and before you know it, there is tension, quarreling and division. The Bible tells us that strife opens the door to “every evil work.” It’s the enemy’s greatest trap to keep people from living in victory. But you don’t have to fall into the trap of strife, you can rise above it. Like today’s verse says, you can simply drop the matter before it turns into something bigger than it needs to be. You don’t have to sink down to somebody’s level and argue with them and try to prove that you’re right. You weren’t put on this earth to correct everybody around you.
After church I decided to wander over to the library and see if it's open on Sundays (it isn't), and on the way there I stopped at the Commonwealth Avenue mall. (Mall as in "long, narrow park", not "place where you drink an Orange Julius and wish you had money".)
11. Junkies feat. B. Productions (prod. by Fanatikus)
Favorite song?
One morning I was laying in bed praying about an "Titanic idea" when the prodigal son story popped into my mind. Was it possible that the seed of the idea I had so many years prior fit on the Titanic? I dug back through my old computer files and found the original prologue. Then, in my mind's eye, the story of a younger son, an older son, a woman who cared for them both--and the loving father--played out in my mind.
(Non police readers who want to know more about what a ‘duty inspector does - or police officers, for that matter! – should read the bottom few paragraphs, which outline the role a bit more.)
Everybody knows that the boat is leaking
(waits for laughter to die down)
JT - Yes, yes..
A few weeks back, I was an enjoying a dinner with some good friends. Over dinner, the conversation turned to ice cream (this is a common occurrence when you hang out with me). Specifically, my friends expressed their delight at being members of the Dairy Queen Blizzard Fan Club. Every couple of months, they receive coupons for free Blizzards. All this time, DQ had been handing out free ice cream I’d been paying full price like a chump! Not long after we parted ways, I too signed up for the DQ Blizzard Club. Over the past few weeks, my husband has signed up, my sisters have signed up, and if it were allowed I’d get my cat to sign up too. I’ve now become accustomed to a weekly Blizzard, with or without coupons. It’s crossed over to that dangerous place when I eat an item of food so much I give it an obnoxious nickname. Observe:
Great cast, good music (seeing it again I note the little "heroic action!" stings and other tricks of the music more) and naturally lots of funny.
I hope those that celebrate enjoyed the day,
As discussed in earlier posts, a lot has to do with the weather, time of day, lighting and the location of the sun relative to the photographer and the dog / handler team. Also, the use of a zoom lens can remove a good portion of the background, which allows the dog and handler to become the most dominant element within the frame. But, zooming in is not always the best choice as many of the exercises require tracking the dog down the field and getting the shot at a critical moment.
Another example of the transition to a racialist America is African-Americans’ success in removing much of the negativity associated with color by changing the connotations of darkness. Black has become beautiful and not just for blacks. Furthermore, the recent preference for being called blacks instead of African-Americans suggests greater comfort in being perceived first and foremost as black Americans.
You should have seen our faces when the plate arrived = literally three tiny pieces of snapper on a plate showed up. This was $16! The fish was fresh and the sauce was tasty but I would say pass on this unless you have dollars coming out of your a*s.
Let's see... Ty is currently applying for other jobs. He's applying in Alaska as well as here in Bellingham. He applied at a Jewelers amongst other things. Good timing if he gets that, Christmas sales will be up.
We traditionally camp when we're on Salt Spring, but this time my mom and step dad rented a beautiful old heritage home for the week. The kitchen was amazing, with custom built free standing fir cabinets and an AGA. Though I've always wanted an AGA (which is always warm and ready for use), it kind of lost its charm when we were hit with a heat wave, at which point everyone gave the kitchen a wide berth.
Why: I was admiring some art from Draw Something (are you playing? I can't get enough. We literally lie in bed drawing and laughing and cornholing except Buster) when I spotted this:
#739 - Anatomy of a Murder (1959) - (#872 on TSPDT) Jimmy Stewart is one of those actors who never seem like they are acting. He is just smoothly natural with a homespun charm that covers up how sharp-witted and powerful of an actor he truly is. His performance in this Otto Preminger film is one of his finest, but such a great film as this - one of Preminger's finest as well - is already quite spectacular, even without Stewart. But yeah, he certainly makes it better. Many in the field of law have called this the most accurate look at a court trial ever put onto film, but more importantly, much more importantly (who wants truth when they can have the artifice of the most beautiful fraud in the world - yeah, I said it), is that Preminger has sewn together a succulent and quite devious motion picture experience, and one of the main contributing factors (along with Some Like it Hot and Psycho) to the eventual downfall of the Hays Code in Hollywood.
Well, the drought is definitely over. We've been getting our normal rainy afternoons almost every day for the last week or so (I think) I'm starting to remember now that we live in a sort of bog here in NF. It was starting to feel more like a dessert for a while there. (Or is it desert? I get those confused. One is a hot place with sand and one is a sweet treat... My spelling sucks.) And you know, at 48 years old, I should be embarrassed by that, but I just don't really care. Ten years ago I would have been, but now not so much. I just accept it as one of my quirks. Yea, that's it, I'm quirky!
Heh...none really..except for Del McCoury (Friday 1:50 - 2:30 Austin Ventures Stage) ...go see them and clap your hands. Does anyone else think there should be a few more? Of course my rule with Bluegrass is 3 songs is just enough.
Second, we are training Afghan Security Forces to get the job done. Those forces have surged, and will peak at 352,000 this year. The Afghans will sustain that level for three years, and then reduce the size of their military. And in Chicago, we will endorse a proposal to support a strong and sustainable long-term Afghan force.
After my own scripture and prayers, and a bit of time in the bathroom to get ready, I will then start getting breakfast ready. I am trying to be better about making breakfast for Steve before he leaves. Many of my breakfasts I will prep the night before so it's easier in the morning.
Though she walks a little slowly, she was still sharp and spunky, braving the morning heat to be able to express her gratitude.
Thanks for giving us your time. Tune in to the social media channels and conference on May 25th to find out what was suggested.
The FCC knew about the issues it now wants to study in this newest NPRM (Notice of Proposed Rule Making) before the spectrum was auctioned in 2008. Further, the interference issues were taken into account by the FCC at that time, and informed the rules under which the spectrum was auctioned and purchased.
I do think beer blogs have a valid, and dare I say important, place in beer though. Beer rating blogs are a dime a dozen. Nation wide beer blogs...also a dime a dozen. But the local beer blog I think is a vital and helpful resource, not to pat myself on the back. Also, (Warning: I am going to pat myself on the back again) blogs or sites like My Last Pint and Pints and Panels are fun (I guess not so important, but still) because of their uniqueness and creativity.
Now, THIS is what I'm talking about. No werewolves. No vampires. No British isles fairytale constructs. No Arthurian legends, creaky with age, being unfolded and poorly cleansed of the dust of ages for the nth, nth, nth time. No. This is neither the U.S. nor the UK, but Trenčín, Slovenia, baby.
Yes, wonderful colors, sunshine and blooming things!
Mom was pessimistic and tried to dissuade me. But already a budding foodie and curious about most things culinary, my argument was simple. We liked fruit. We like cake. We liked my grandmother’s blueberry cake which combined fruit and cake. It only made sense that we would like this fruitcake from Texas.
Have you played here recently? If so, please share your comments.
11. Feature stories come in many forms. What are at least four of the most popular types of features, according to Harrower? Bonus: What type of feature will you be writing during the next week?
The SF Arts Commission reeled from stupid decision to scandal as news broke that they had chosen former dog murderer Tom Otterness for a huge project to make sculptures for the Central Subway - which is another scandal but not an artistic one. Eventually, the commission "fired" him but because of legal issues, still had to let him keep a substantial portion of the grant money. Lots of SF artists were asking why the "SF" Arts Commission couldn't chose a local artist! http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2011/12/31/DD941MG3BJ.DTL
All that walking is as rejuvenating as the sleep and relaxation. It's also a key to eating pastry without guilt or weight gain. We typically cover 8-12 miles a day in Paris, but with all that walking we're paradoxically less hungry. My theory is that the food we are eating is so delicious that we need less of it to feel satisfied. We've never dined at any restaurant with a star, Michelin or otherwise, while in Paris. We prefer to find neighborhood bistros, or stock up on cheeses, fruit, bread and chocolate at the little epicerie around the corner from our hotel. The epicerie is pricier than a grocery store, but they have a fabulous selection of cheeses, and they make amazing puff pastry tomato tarts with pesto. Or we pick up a couple of pastries from a patisserie (always checking Paris Pâtisseries first). We open our window and stare down at the rooftops of the city we love while enjoying our room picnic.
As a two-time beggar I will go,
We went to a newer tapas restaurant and sat at the bar. I drank a couple Heinekens while my wife had a couple liquor drinks. We ordered a few of their tapas selections and started eating.
Evil bug
Movement: every now & then..love those little flutters!
So now a short break in writing while I make coffee. 'Scuse me.
The Full Moon of April is usually called the Egg Moon. In Algonquian it is called Pink Moon. Other names are Sprouting Grass Moon, Fish Moon, Seed Moon, and Waking Moon. In Hindi it is known as Hanuman Jayanti. The Full Moon rises around sunset and sets around sunrise, the only night in the month when the Moon is in the sky all night long. The rest of the month, the Moon spends at least some time in the daytime sky.
Despite being selected by the Philadelphia Flyers in the late rounds of the 1994 NHL Entry Draft, he never was invited by the Flyers to participate in a training camp and came to North America as a free agent in 1997. He started in the lower reaches of the minors, first with the Baton Rouge Kingfish of the ECHL. He then joined the Manitoba Moose of the IHL for 14 games, going 8-4-1-1.
Is how the wizard "Amazing" Kreskin described their foes in the graveyard of Barrow Island. In last night's Weird Adventures game (in Lorefinder), Boris, Kreskin, and Don Diabolico were ambushed by ghoul hooligans out for dangerous kicks. The punks got danger in a lethal dose: The fact that that were teenagers didn't spare them from the guns of our hardboiled adventurers. Only one of the three attackers escaped with his life.
thanks so much for entering and spreading the love! :)
Little Rock Arkansas
Hilla’s Well Acquaintance: +6 All Stats, +2 Weapon/Magic ATT, +120 Weapon/Magic DEF, +60 Accuracy/Avoidability. You get it by clearing Hard mode 50 times :/.
PT: For many entrepreneurs, starting their company may be their first experience in a business management role – how can strong leadership skills better assist them in their new endeavor?
With Hanna’s retreat from the spotlight and the failed media blackout controversy, the second half of Girls to the Front feels much different from the first. The LA Times Evelyn McDonnell put it simply: “If the first part of Marcus’ book is exhilarating, the end can be depressing. Instead of supporting ‘girl love,’ as they’d earlier vowed, members turned against one another and their male sympathizers.” Corin Tucker and others took Fugazi to task for its song “Suggestion” which describes sexual harassment from a female perspective. As Marcus points out, few other male bands of Fugazi’s reputation even broached the subject let alone accused its audience of complicity, yet to some in the RG it sounded “like a self righteous white boy appropriating girls’ issues so he could appear more virtuous.” (116) Hanna dismissed similar efforts by other bands: “A lot of this white straight edge boy thing singing about sexism is so incredibly stupid to me, I just can’t even deal with it.” (229)
Rewards have no expiration date.
The Russian Foreign Minister stressed that the Security Council should adopt what will be issued by the UN observers not by the group of the so-called Friends of Syria, adding” they say they will evaluate how the Syrian leadership is implementing Annan’s plan, which is unacceptable.”
The experience was entirely different, amusing and therapeutic. I didn’t really have to travel a thousand miles to find a place conferring immunity to life’s injustices.
I try to stay pretty happy. Even when I’m angry, the anger is fleeting; I try to revert to “sunny side up.” Today, however, is just one of those days that seems intent on not being a good day.
“While alcoholic liver disease remains the number one killer linked to alcohol, more and more people are suffering from oral cancers — and record drinking levels have undeniably played a part.”
Always visiting
Jeff Andrews – I have been (and continue to be) influenced by so many things. Amazing master designers like Billy Haines, David Hicks and Andre Putman have definitely inspired me. More contemporary designers like Barbara Barry, Kerry Joyce and Roy McMakin have continued to influence me on different levels. I would have to say that I am most influenced by people of talent and taste that have lived a life of style that we most of us can only dream of and learn from…Yves Saint Laurent, Rudolph Nureyev and Coco Chanel to name a few. It is all about pulling bits that inspire you most and making them your own in design that make it a personally rewarding experience.
So why are the people voicing dissatisfaction with the ending of a product they loved, in this medium, suddenly whiners/cretins/bros/entitled? I think it’s a statement of optimism on the complainer’s part really. They know that video games offer the chance to be continually upgraded/changed (through DLCs and mods). Knowing that, why wouldn’t they suggest they want an ending they like? It’s like telling someone at a restaurant that they can’t add or subtract anything to the dish they order, because “that’s going against the chef’s vision.” My request for capers or no mayonnaise doesn’t make me entitled. It means I’m using the service as it is expected in the given situation. The folks at Bioware pretty much promise that there’s going to be DLC available (and there was already some on launch day), so it isn’t even like these gamer/restaurant-goers are going to a really expensive, high-end dinner (where it is Not Done to request substitutions. At those restaurants you really are going and paying for the chef’s vision). They’re going to a Red Lobster and are upset when the server, chef, and other patrons call them babies for not wanting the french fries, but would prefer broccoli instead.
There are 2 shades to this, #1 Light Beige and #2 Natural Beige (which I bought). I’m thinking the recommended retail price of this is 60,000Won, which is around US$56. However, the duo cost me only US$72, so each was just USD$36!! Pretty amazing deal if you ask me =)
I've been missing the sun for a whole 2 days here in NYC. And what with elections happening, it is officially time to flee the country. Imediamente. En Jueves.
It has a smooth, clean interface, great community, and is a more than adequate tool for your daily 9GAG needs. Of course, much of the content is what you would consider to be NSFW, but in all honesty, you shouldn’t really be using 9GAG in the work place, now should you?
Originally I named these “Samincha ” #Blessed in Quechua# because that is how I feel when I wear them so I combined both names because it was a magical combination.In the Powhatan language Pocahontas means “playful one” Her birth name was Mataoaka.”Samincha “#means Blessed in Quechua# are: handmade of antiqued metal, seed bead, filigree , Coral, swarovski, crystal and Love ♥
"Oh, my gosh!" I exclaimed, looking around the cobbled square and its adjoining restaurants and shops. "Black Dress Girl, this is so nice! How have I never known all this was here?"
But early in Walt Disney’s career, he wasn’t always successful.
- You can also eat the green leaves? Wash them, cut them into little slices and stir-fry them for a couple of minutes.
Now how about some Johnny Russell. Kinda my tribute to this D r i f t g l a s s crowd and their nonsense. I thought about using the classic Weather Girls tune It's Raining Men as a tribute but just did not want to be accused of being intolerant. Or something.
You see Juan, I saw a young black male rob Meijers. He had on hip-hop style clothing and sneakers. Nikes.
ANC Supporters making what Channel 4 News reader Jon Snow called "salutes to the far right"
I am sooo sorry that I haven't been writing in my blog for sooo long... I have been busy helping my Granny pack! She is moving up to Dawson Creek! Mom and Dad have left the farm to help move the furniture and boxes... They are now in Hundred mile and are soon to be here tomorrow... Granny and I have packed over 30 boxes now and soon to be more:) Anyways I thought I would let you know!
Realistically, about four of you are going to read this long article and you are most likely related to me hence feeling slightly obligated...thanks I hope you enjoy it. For the rest of you....
God gave me an angel right here on earth
We followed this road
Real Ale Lost Gold IPA - the Dog and Duck Pub
Not for me the brilliant adventures, the flying-carpet view,
I second that motion? Anyone care to vote?
Hosted By:
Mr Smith is now part of a global community of more than 500 “car lovers” brought together by internet forums.
Small bar in a great city, after seeing the size of the brew house, I am surprised we got any bottled stock of this at all!
Haha…I don’t think we know either! I reckon it’s iBURN and before you say it, yes I know there’s a whiff of plagiarism there but sadly we haven’t been sued by a certain American multinational corporation, I don’t even know if I like the name of the band but how ever written or whatever name it could have been it’s the music that matters to us.
Here are a couple pics!
Well, we are at the half way stage of our birthday hop, the good news is that there is still a week left to enter. So, make sure you hop on over to our fabulous DT and leave us a message on our birthday hop posting to be eligible for entry into our prize draw.
The reality is, I am not using one Google extension or FireFox add-on. Not a single one. At least, if it did not come pre-installed, I am not using it. I used to use the add-blocker that was famed on FireFox, but to be honest, I have left that browser, and even am using IE a lot less in favor of Chrome. I might not like Google as a company much, but Chrome is a pretty solid, fast and ‘visually’ light browser.
After completing the installation and turning the printer back on I kept getting the alarm notification to close the cover for the unit to work (it will not work/print if it is detecting the cover is not closed).
This one…
So this little idea spawned with my love of indoor plants and my horrible luck of being unable to keep them alive.
How to find a plan that will help produce a brochure on some of them to check out some of their floor plans. A great idea is to visit some of the manufacturers of these people if possible. Go talk to a salesperson, Log Home Plans you can ask a question through your mind. Most of the staff are very pleased to help you in choosing a friend.
A Zentangle®, in the traditional sense, is done in black and white with pencil shading. I was asked one time in a Zentangle class why it is that we only use black and white - and to that i answered Zentangle is designed to remove the obstacles that we place in front of ourselves when beginning art.
Some 1,000 protesters marched in Tel Aviv on Saturday night in a show of opposition to the possibility of an Israeli strike in Iran. Over 2,300 citizens confirmed their attendance on Facebook. The march, titled "Israelis against a war with Iran," began at Habima Square and was expected to conclude with a rally at Meir Park.
Overall the walking/jogging wasn’t all that bad, maybe I am in not nearly as bad of shape as I was thinking before. My legs didn’t really feel like jello till the very last jog. One the cool down walk, that is when I started to feel my knees starting to hurt.
Put the ground beef, bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, oregano, garlic powder, salt & pepper in a large bowl.
We went looking for ELK...yes, I said ELK....it seemed to me a good time to get out the camera and snap my very first picture of an ELK....and so we took off over the Malahat with our picnic basket and the camera.....oh and a tank of gas! Did you know that Vancouver Island has the largest ELK and the smallest DEER! Yep, just a little tidbit I knew you would want to have! We took off fairly early knowing it was going to take us awhile to find that ELUSIVE ELK and have a few side trips besides!
I started saving again.
About the author: Nickolas Johnson is an Intern Scholar at the Oakland Institute (OI) majoring in Political Science at San Francisco State University. This backgrounder on Concord Agriculture in South Sudan is based on OI’s project, Understanding Land Investment Deals in Africa: Country Report South Sudan. Download the full report publication from this link.
She’s been there with a card in the mail, to give a comforting word, albeit from the distance. For a girl that got all the trappings of life later on, she sure understood.
External additions can be problematic if your bigger and better house is out of character with the surrounding neighborhood in size and style. It can be even worse if your do-it-yourself project lacks professional polish. Even more modest improvements — such as doors, windows or awnings — can hurt if they don’t match your home’s architectural style.
"Isn't there a question about what we should be spending our money on?"
Casey’s Contraptions:
Moderate consumption of alcohol (1-2 drinks daily) increases the levels of HDL cholesterol in blood. However, it does not lower the amount of LDL cholesterol. Although drinking alcohol in moderation is considered to prevent heart diseases, no consensus has been reached by the medical fraternity regarding this belief. In fact drinking too much alcohol raises triglyceride levels and increases blood pressure.
Know yourself: understanding the Asian investor
Now we have animal poems on our agenda for this morning.
Coming down from the mountain to a new life in the city seems a thrill beyond imagining. When Miri and her friends from Mount Eskel set off to help the future princess Britta prepare for her royal wedding, she is happy about her chance to attend school in the capital city. There, Miri befriends students who seem so sophisticated and exciting . . . until she learns that they have some frightening plans. They think that Miri will help them, that she should help them. Soon Miri finds herself torn between loyalty to the princess and her new friends’ ideas, between an old love and a new crush, and between her small mountain home and the bustling city.
city has authority to accept contracts for goods or services without approval of the City Council or the expected competitive bidding process. The face shields and aerial surveillance technology are the first use of this allowance.
Regarding Health Benefits of public workers: I believe the current reform law calls for a return of this issue to the negotiable list of items in 2014. Under my administration, it shall remain a negotiable issue although, as with wages, we will strive to achieve uniformity throughout New Jersey.
I paused. Because life had taught me a lot of things by this point and one of them was – not everyone wants to know the truth all the time. They want to tell you SOME things, so you’ll know they have a life. Maybe they want you to think it’s cool or eccentric, maybe they’re looking for comfort. What they don’t want you to do, is tell them how you really feel, which in this case was APPALLED.
At one point, I asked about THE ULTIMATE GOOD LUCK, and if he’d written it as a crime novel. Well, yes, he said, sort of; he took Robert Stone’s DOG SOLDIERS for inspiration, but he considered DOG SOLDIERS to be a literary novel.
Just for today I will put my family into God's hands for safe keeping. He can sort out all of these details in ways I can't even imagine.
Ps. Sophie's coming back in a week! I haven't seen her like at all this summer. miss u!
“I’ve got information all right!” I said chuckling. “The author of the notes confessed to me a short while ago. And it wasn’t Giovanni!”
Minorities: Broadly refers to anyone who isn’t a white American. According to the Book of Mormon, God invites “all to come unto him and partake of his goodness; and he denieth none that come unto him, black and white, bond and free, male and female; and he remembereth the heathen; and all are alike unto God” (2 Ne. 26:33). Because all are alike, church members are counseled to “marry those who are of the same racial background” (Aaronic Priesthood Manual 3).
Freshly ground pepper to taste.
brick red facades stare
May 17th: The Wedding Tag: Watercoloring with Distress Inks by Guest Artist Anita Houston
Bake for about 1 hour, or until the center reads 170 degrees on a meat thermometer.
You see, Harold convinced his followers, something “did” happen on May 21. It just didn’t happen where anyone could see it. It was a “spiritual” event. God judged the world on that day, and closed the door to salvation. (Like when God closed the door on Noah’s Ark once Noah and family were inside.) Only those who were inside the Ship on that day will be saved when the Ultimate End comes on October 21 and the whole world is destroyed. The job of Family Radio now is only to “feed the sheep” inside the Ark. Only five more months to sail, and then all the waiting will be over. Really. Guaranteed.
Caitlin
This is his first match and he made all of us proud. Way to go Rap!
09. Petit Kid Everett
Whoa-Oh!!
I cannot comprehend the turmoil, upset and distress Michael, his wife, family and friends have experienced over the past few days. My thoughts and my support are with him, and I would hope all those who have followed his blog and the advice and warnings he writes on an almost daily basis provide the same thoughts and support. In doing so, he has found himself the victim of a despicable attack on a platform of the Internet so many authors now use to have their voices heard and their books bought and read.
This Immature perched too close to Delilah. She wouldn’t have any of this & flew straight at it! She even raised her talons when they almost clashed!
Harvesting Maple Syrup.
Deeper than spoken I love you's.
someone you have never met in person,
We totally trust that Lisa and the Twilight Moms will make sure every penny reaches Yara and her family. And every penny will help them rebuild the pieces of their world.
Well firstly I am a farmer, and the old adage, stick with what you know, has some merit to it. I like farming, my family has been farming for more generations than anyone knows, so why not.
He lets it go with a shrug of his shoulders, spins me around and smacks me on the ass again. This time even harder and it’s all I can do to not wince. I turn and sit on the edge of his bed to avoid another strike.
So, I'm giving it away.
Things to Check Prior to Choosing a Swimming Pool Service
I had pointed out that even the anti-Catholic writer William Roberts calls this merely "the opinion of its Roman editors". Bob replies:
April 20– Easter Sunday– New York City– The New York Times reports that “The Sanitary Commission asks Contributions for the aid and relief of the volunteer army. There will in all probability soon be many wounded men to provide for, and our troops on the Southern coast are endangered by the unhealthy season now approaching. There is, therefore, special need of public liberality on their behalf . . . . Contributions may he addressed to George T. Strong, Treasurer. No. 68 Wall St., New York.”
Calmly waiting - that's how I feel most days about this PG. Happy
Adding emotion to your list of motives will support you even longer e.g learning the language because your grandparents come from a different country, or you would like to better understand that handsome exchange student....
8. Forgiveness and Salvation in Isaiah 53
Perhaps, it would be a good move for Labour to adopt a more mature attitude of a similar spirit, sort out which message it wants to get out and act in a more constructive manner and work with the government to find a solution. At the moment the Labour party appears opportunistic, not only on policy relating to income, tax evasion and charity giving but on a range of issues. Labour needs to start showing itself as a credible alternative as a government rather than an anti-coalition party. Or maybe that’s their election strategy and they’ll just fill in Miliband’s blank sheet of paper if and when he gets into Number 10…
Whining. Complaining. General unhappiness and dissatisfaction.
Hmmm what to do next?
I competed my first trade with Craig2 over on the SCF hockey boards. He posted a bunch of cards he was looking to move, and one caught my eye. I requested a price and a scan, and though he couldn't provide a scan at that time, he informed me the card featured a patch piece nicer than similar ones found on eBay. He said he'd send it my way and I could just send him $5 or so later on.
But the thoughts are trickling back, and I know that the more I write, the more they'll start flooding back, and so relief is in sight there, too.
The interior cabin (no window) goes for $2,150 per person based on double occupancy.
"Ekalesia Niue (Niuean Church - a Protestant church closely related to the London Missionary Society) 61.1%, Latter-Day Saints 8.8%, Roman Catholic 7.2%, Jehovah's Witnesses 2.4%, Seventh-Day Adventist 1.4%, other 8.4%, unspecified 8.7%, none 1.9% (2001 census)".
5:4). God expects you to experience victory everyday as far
Her mother explained that each of these objects had faced the same
Our family of four also relocated to Mom and Dad's after our AC quit working. I'm happy to report the cold air is now blowing, and we're thrilled to be back in a cool house.
He gulped the water and took a breath and wiped his face with a microfiber car cleaning cloth.
1. Scarlet Begonias - 9:29
by Rachel Hauck
It was definitely time to try a new enchilada sauce. This sauce goes with an enchilada recipe I'll be posting shortly. I decided to throw out the chile powders for this one and use actual dried chiles. Chipotles are a spicy, smoky dried chile that work in a lot of dishes. This one worked well with the addition of a little cinnamon and some oregano.
04. Miss Sun - Boz Scaggs / 5:32
As for Craigslist? I managed to sell off or give away everything in my apartment. I was even loading a mattress on a truck minutes before heading to the airport. And when I sat down on the plane, I collapsed into a puddle of fatigue and weepy gratitude for the friends I kept and also for those I left behind.
I reach around rubbing her pussy
Yes I know sleep deprivation is part of the deal. But suffice it to say we were overwhelmed. There were tears. There were moments of sheer panic, dread, and fear.
In a medium bowl, mix together the yogurt, garlic, lemon juice, ¼ teaspoon salt, and ⅛ teaspoon pepper. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours.
"Far better to create one living line/Than learn a hundred sunk in fame's recline."
A DAY IN THE LIFE OF YOURS TRULY!
Sending everyone lots of love out there in honor of Valentine's Day. Have any big plans? My man and I will be having a mellow evening in tonight... although we already sort of celebrated on Sunday by going to a Swell Season concert at a teeny venue (this was our 8th time seeing them live. I'll admit it. We're groupies and proud). As always when seeing Glen & Marketa perform, it was magic.
In addition to the distillery itself there is a comfortable tasting room (including some seating outside), a gift shop, and a small museum. Lebanon has only recently shown up on my radar. It's a lovely little town with a nice historic core. The big attraction for bourbon fans is Kentucky Cooperage, the Kentucky branch of Independent Stave, which makes most of the barrels for the bourbon industry. Lebanon is the seat of Marion County, which as the name suggests was founded by and still has a large Catholic population.
Looking at them. Through them. Through you. Big honey eyes mixing in a kaleidoscope of grey and green. You run. He runs. And you know he is right behind you, which feels like the greatest thing on earth.
I know, I know. It's lazy blogging. But I just saw this and couldn't resist. So, for those of you who liked Cat Vs Printer, here is....
Even in the performance fronts, it has been widely touted that the capabilities of Windows 8 clearly beats Windows 7 by far. You could argue that the tests or the reviews are based on the Windows 8 developer version, which is true but yet the results that these benchmarks came up with are stunning.
Now for some background on the name Aurora. I have always adored the name since learning that Aurore (Dupin) was the name of Chopin’s one and (possibly only) true love.
Milky Way - beige (taken from the music paper background) - 240.224.200
As for my father, he just loved me.
Jerrell Harris, Atlanta Falcons
December 24, 1986
This is going to look fantastic when it's finished! Mum went on a course for this quilt but she designed some of the cross shapes herself, I think they're brilliant. Mum gave me my first proper quilting lesson while I was at home over Easter so watch this space to see my progress!
Now doesn't this book has a great cover? League of Strays has been featured here on it's recent cover reveal. My thoughts about the cover here. I've been eying on this book for quite sometime now. With the recent cover reveal I can say that this book has intrigued me and I cannot pass the chance to feature it again here on Waiting on Wednesday. If you are one of the few who are waiting for this book, you have to wait 6 more months before this book hit the shelves! League of Strays comes out October 1st. Meanwhile lets just feast on the beautiful cover...
23. Just Another Girl Called Judy - 1964
But we know how this ends, right? Of course we do.
Everything that I used for the recipe can be seen above. I made sure to get pure pressed juice that didn't have any preservatives as this doesn't agree with the yeast too well apparently. It wasn't that much expensive than the concentrate so all was fine there.
While I was on the search for an agent, one of the things I found most fascinating were “agent stories”. I wanted to know the tricks and secrets, maybe glean a little from those who had jumped from the boat of the agentless to the boat where every sentence begins with, “My agent said…”
The secular reviewers of the Twilight series call it, “A dark romance that seeps into the soul.” The original title of Twilight was “Corpse,” but the publisher changed it to make it more appealing. The content of Twilight is in opposition to many Scriptures: it promotes sorcery, divination and witchcraft . Yet some church youth groups and “Christian” movie review sites suggest the relationship and sexual tension of two teenagers, one being a demonic vampire, draw parallels with Christian morals with lessons for the Christian to be found within the stories!
-John Waters
Tim Holtz Grunge Board
to display in your post or on your blog so others can join in the fun as well!
Coming to Christ is denying ourselves and our will as our will is connected to our flesh as we were once slaves to. Christ is our master and Lord, our will now revolves around him. Matthew 6:33 But (A)seek first (B)the kingdom of God and his righteousness, (C)and all these things will be added to you. God instructs us to seek after Him alone and let tomorrow worry for itself as this goes against our very will. In hindsight, Jesus could be calling us to faith, trust,hope and love in him as it would take faith to cast away our worries for ourselves, endure the backlash from the world for doing what Christ says and to follow a God that the world hates.
The Tower already exists.
The den. This is mostly my husband's space that we designed and decorated when he was bishop, so that he could have people over to talk. But I like that it has that kind of history. It has become, since that time, the refuge. When the kids come in they are a little more careful to keep it clean and to even speak a little lower. We write in here. We sing and record in here. We read and gather our thoughts.
the oven to 350°F. Butter a 9-inch Springform pan and place it on a baking sheet lined with parchment or a silicone mat.
- Article XX of the Association Agreement has become Article 55(3)(c)
That didn’t mean I was done, though! I had a coffee, and with the coffee came some wonderful macarons, petit fours and chocolates:
Simone’s favorite movies at the moment are Meet the Fockers (it’s a long story) and The Muppet Movie (although when the frog bounty hunter shows up near the end, she gets scared and asks me to switch it off). Her favorite book is King Bidgood’s in the Bathtub. We’ve both been digging the Danger Mouse faux spaghetti western soundtrack Rome. It’s killer: the best soundtrack to a nonexistent movie, ever. It’s one of the only albums she doesn’t switch off after a few minutes.
I used Staz-on Midnight Blue ink. I still thought I might draw patterns at this point, and I don't like to mix blacks, so I went with the dark blue. Staz-on is waterproof, and I knew I'd be adding more water.
The Duck-Rabbit Craft Brewery Duck-Rabbit Milk Stout
“I heard that, Mel.” Betty said in pretended annoyance as she came back in the room. “There he goes again,” she continued, talking to me now, “He always likes to pretend like he’s all high and mighty, but inside all that toughness, he’s just a big baby.”
Check back the week of Feb 1 for more details!
I wanted gold-colored handles to tie in with the cabinet handles and the general color scheme of the room. I was debating between drop pulls and ring pulls and decided to go with ring pulls in the end, although I think either would have looked nice. I found some nice round brass ring pulls from Lee Valley.
I was pleased with my results and then I started my hunt for paper. Ordinarily I pick out my papers first and then color. I'm really not sure why I didn't do that this time but I really couldn't find any papers in my stash that were worthy of such a beautiful image. (Actually, I couldn't find any that matched!) That meant having to go to Enchanted Cottage on my lunch break to see what I could find. Well, I found three papers that I thought would make a lovely combination so I bought them and as soon as I got home from work, I hit my stamp room determined to make another "Fran-tage" beauty. The more I looked at the pink patterned paper from Creative Imaginations, the more I wanted to use the touching "Hope" message printed there. I'm a cancer survivor so this is something near and dear to my heart. I cut out my image and started playing around with the paper but I just couldn't get it configured in a manner I felt was right for "Fran-tage." I had cut my base to be a 6" square from Bazzill. I cut my bottom layer of patterned paper from Creative Imaginations in a 5 3/4" square. I cut two strips of the green Karen Foster patterned paper about an inch wide and I then edged each strip with a Martha Stewart punch. From my Creative Imaginations "Hope" paper I cut my middle panel to fit the word across the bottom section. I adhered the punched strips to each side of the top layer and centered both top and bottom layers on my base. In order to add some texture to my image, I added some of the new fresh green and lavender crushed glass glitters from Stampendous! I used glossy accents to hold my glitter on and as soon as it was dry enough, I pop-dotted my image onto the card. I added a little sheer pink ribbon with a pearl as an accent. I chose the pearl because even with something as small as a grain of sand irritating the oyster, something as beautiful as a pearl can grow. There are many things in life that irritate us but we can still radiate beauty from within if we choose to. I would like to think that because of my cancer, I'm now able to see more of the beauty in life around me. I still tend to rush through my days sometimes but I'm far more aware of my surroundings and of how blessed I am with God's grace to still be here. So, without further ado, here's my card. I hope (no pun intended) that you like it.
We will compete in the pair on Thur then fours for the rest of our time there. The focus has always been the same. Go as fast as you can in each boat and give the best showing for the work that has been done. We are still pre Christmas so I am not expecting any early presents but I am anticipating that we should be able to produce a number of good solid performances. I am not playing things down here rather being realistic about what needs to be done and how we set ourselves to continue and progress moving forward.
I walk through the rooms and halls and remember. Or try to remember. The kidadults are upset. This is their childhood home. This is our past. Our history. Their height markers are still on the doorjambs of their bedroom closet doors. How tall they have become. How small they once were.
* Clean up as I go - If I bake, I wash up and put away as I go, leaving the kitchen clean and tidy throughout the day rather than an overflowing sink of dirty dishes nightmare after dinner - YUK!
I, like most Americans who’ve taken time to listen to the choruses of unending diatribe coming from these people, notice that it’s remarkably the same screed coming from group to group, wherever these people congregate… if it can be called a message. It’s actually more of a melange of regurgitated Marxist claptrap. Right from the mouths of leftist agitators, college and university professors, even high school and grade school teachers. This is what our billions and billions of education dollars purchased.
Blur and Gorillaz mainman Damon Albarn has invited Noel Gallagher to collaborate with him later this year.
Spring is a beautiful time of the year in Brisbane with Jacarandas blooming throughout the city. It’s a very colourful display that leave beautiful lavender sprinkles on the ground. This is without a doubt my favourite tree.
However a further point to be clarified is that the mere appearance of contradiction between two statements (either Qur’an or Sunnah) is not sufficient to claim abrogation. There must be a divine evidence to state that the abrogation is actually relating to the abrogated. There must be a clear context concerning the occurrence of the abrogation. There are a number of incidents where two, apparently contradicting revelations where implemented in total compatibility. Concerning the above verses from At-Taubah they should be understood without abrogation.
They cite example of farmers, like Papamma, who have already started a second green revolution. Her house is full of vegetation. Not an inch of waste land around Papamma�s house or farm can be spotted. �Do you see the black sprinkles on the leaves and the beans? That is cow dung water I sprinkled to avoid pests,� says the 60-year-old Papamma who lives in D. Kurubarahalli, a remote village in Kolar, nearly 90 KM from Bangalore.
Otherwise – do rush out and buy the newie from The Caretaker as it is fantastic; do play Ramesses very loud; and don’t forget if you are ever feeling down you can always turn to The Monkees for support.
‘For through the law I died to the law so that I might live for God. I have been crucified with Christ and I no longer live, but Christ lives in me. The life I live in the body, I live by faith in the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself for me. I do not set aside the grace of God, for if righteousness could be gained through the law, Christ died for nothing!’ Galatians 2.19-21 NIV.
So they dug all day
Well, and I admitted to have left matches in one of the bags and they wanted me to take them out. Since they might explode, I guess. They also asked me to remove the disconnected battery, which I did assuming I would have to get a replacement in the USA (annoying, but it wasn’t like I could ride away), but instead it was taped inside a box and strapped to the seat, with bungie cords. Not really sure what that was supposed to accomplish, other than making it more likely to spill.
And then came The Dark Ages. We shall not speak of them in depth. Suffice it to say that during this period of about eighteen months, many not-nice things happened in my life. My house was flooded. My editor turned down my third book. Family members became ill. *I* became ill. And while I kept writing through this, it was to very little effect. I didn't finish anything, and every time that I nearly did, my agent or my publisher didn't like it.
For Theo he says,”As we already know, Theo Walcott will also miss the Carling Cup Final after being stretchered off in the same game. Again, the problem may be relatively short term. I saw him this morning, he has a classic ankle sprain. We don’t think there is any more damage to it. But it is still a sprain. We are sad for him too. He is out for Sunday and maybe one or two more weeks.”
Answer: well, you need your own territory. Please don’t try to take over mine. OK, back to same-sex marriage in the good ol’, culturally diverse and diverging, USA:
Lets look at this time last year: Alicia packed up Peter and forcibly moved him to a new apartment, then got in a hotel elevator with Will on the way to open the doors on their long-thwarted passion. Now that’s the kind of cliffhanger that has you marking the days until the show returns in the fall.
Intellectual Property Overlaps: A European Perspective, by Estelle Derclaye and Matthias Leistner. Published by Hart Publishing, further particulars are available from the publisher's website here.
18 rue Louis Blanc, 10th
Gable did not see the monster approach as he was busy lining up the slashers. His twin machine gun fired with a loud clatter. Five of the creatures were shredded, but the rest simply huddled lower to the ground and screamed in defiance.
Here then is a revised 24 card deck (normally 22 cards) that I put together for possible future use with low level characters. Read it over and see what you think. Please be sure to leave your suggestions in the comments for other cards you think would also fit into the deck. Maybe we can get the total cards up to 30.
If you don't hear some sort of soaring Christmas music, or a bit of Scripture,
COMBINE flour, baking soda and salt in small bowl. Beat butter, granulated sugar, brown sugar and vanilla extract in large mixer bowl until creamy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Gradually beat in flour mixture. Stir in morsels and nuts. Drop by rounded tablespoon onto ungreased baking sheets.
Maybe it just sags
They were also instrumental in the recovery of goods stolen from the house of Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu in Soweto in 2007.
Brazilian Portuguese, and
"He's the perfect boylet K. I'm so happy for you."
I took this picture last night after I was all done...Instagram is my new friend!
This is all about what I choose to make – as I said prophetically in my first post, “I’m not so well known and in demand, that I can just make what I like and sell it – I will have to have an eye on what my public will like, and what they would be prepared to pay”
The edges were inked with Tumbled Glass and Dusty Concord Distress inks. Ice Stickles in Crystal and Blueberry were used for some sparkle. On the snowflakes, I used Tattered Angels Dazzling Diamonds Glimmer Mist for shine.
AIR HOCKEY + MANY MORE ARCADE GAMES
How many times has that happened to you?
1. Place the spinach, tomato paste, ginger, and garlic in a food processor or blender and blend until smooth.
This blog post doesn’t intend to give solutions to these problems but only a roundup of what we obviously have right now. I don’t blame those who go outside the country to work, it’s a solution and they made that decision. I’m just a bit concerned if they are not treated well or have been captives of war.
Last night she brought her still quite ill husband home from the nursing home he has been convalescing in since his stroke. Even after an intense therapy program, he cannot assist with transfers or bear his own weight.
11Then you went over Jordan and came to Jericho: and the men of Jericho made war on you, the Amorites and the Perizzites and the Canaanites and the Hittites and the Girgashites and the Hivites and the Jebusites: and I gave them up into your hands.
If you are an Elvis fan, I highly recommend this book. And even if you aren’t, but want to know a little bit more about him, this is an excellent read.
The explosions happened hours after Obama left Afghanistan after a quick visit to mark the first anniversary of Usama bin Laden’s death. He spoke to troops and signed a pact with Afghan President Hamid Karzai to govern the U.S. presence in Afghanistan through 2024.
Bake the quiche in a preheated 350 degree oven until it is golden brown on top and the center is no longer liquid. This will take anywhere between 45 minutes to an hour depending on your oven. Just start checking it at 45 minutes. You'll notice as it cooks that it begins to puff up a bit. It will deflate once it comes out of the oven but the "puff" is a good way to tell which areas are cooked and which are still liquid.
Rather than a laundry list of legislation that Americans want repealed, suffice it to say that his major legislative initiatives are widely regarded as weakening the economy while growing the government. In this he has been abetted by the Speaker of the House and the Senate Majority Leader, along with brain-dead Democrats in Congress who clearly did not bother to read the bills before voting on them.
Oh - there is also a baking blend. So, if you like to bake, but you're watching your calories, give the Truvia Baking Blend a chance!
Welcome, Readers, to another blog hop! This is the Gift Card Giveaway Hop, and I'll be giving away a $10 gift card to amazon.com. Thank you, I Am a Reader Not a Writer for hosting!
Seriously, there has to be some kickbacks going on at TACOM for this level of crap to be pushed down.
- taco meat (for tacos, burritos etc)
little things that you can be thankful for too and make your own list.
Two family members recently asked me if I was still alive. They follow this blog to stay updated on my life and apparently the fact that I haven't updated this in a month leads to concern in the family about my well being. So this is just a quick update to say that yes, I'm still alive. Yes, everything is fine. No, I haven't died or fallen off the face of the earth. I've just been really busy.
Yep, thats why i put on 3kgs….
The labor union is asking that the minimum wage for a so- called grade 5 worker, whose responsibilities would include driving long-haul trucks, be raised to 6,000 rand ($630) a month from 4,317 rand.
The Department of Social Development confirmed last week that the Special Investigating Unit had found 25,255 cases of social grant fraud by public officials since the inception of the South African Social Security Agency (SASSA) in 2005.
380 pages £6.99
Unless specifically noted, all papers will be published online.
U Roy And The Children - Yama Khy
King of Edits/Nina Hagen – Cosmic Shiva
Better avatar customization:
In 1992, Lenny produced an album for the French singer Vanessa Paradis on which he played most of the instruments and wrote several lyrics. In 1993, Kravitz wrote "Line Up" for Steven Tyler from Aerosmith. Together with Mick Jagger, he recorded a new version of "Use Me" for Jagger's album 'Wandering Spirit'. Lenny also worked with Al Green and Curtis Mayfield.
The first voice came from the man on the left. “That is right. Kneel before us. Worship us, for we are greater than your God.” His voice rang out with good-natured jocularity. Peter felt sure that his face was covered to hide a visage totally out of place in this den of evil men.
I recently saw an article on umpteen ways to avoid overwhelm. Just looking at that article made me feel overwhelmed! So, let’s do them one at a time. You can start to move forward today, and feel like you are doing SOMETHING to improve how you feel and where you are. If on the other hand, you are currently doing this practice, you can check it off your mental box, and feel GREAT.
In fact, I'm usually just the opposite. I'm high. I'm exhausted and spent. My body is damp and smells bad. But I'm feeling good. Really, really good. Because I'm strong. My muscles have worked hard and done their job. My body has done what it was created to do, and done it in a very efficient way. I'm happy and grateful to be healthy. I'm thrilled to be smelly and tired.
The Uncle Eric books and study guides (written by Richard Maybury) look like an interesting way to begin formal economics. Whatever Happened to Penny Candy? covers basic economics. Money Mystery is the next step in the series, covering career, business and investments. Clipper Chip Strategy covers the economics of business specifically. Uncle Eric Talks About Personal, Career & Financial Security covers the basic belief systems, or models, we base our decisions on; these decisions underly economics (we may begin with this book as it is the foundation for the series). Each book also has a study guide that goes along with it.
Anyhoo, one or two of you asked about my issue with ribbons and bows (yesterday's post), well I can't do them. It makes no difference how hard I try, how carefully I place the ribbon and/or bow, they simply do not look as if they are part of the card - they just look plonked on as an afterthought. I guess I'm simply not a girl for excess frippery.
We’re wrapping on the series and so far Hae Ra has only been using passive-aggressive tactics against Mi Roo. While the other characters are really reflecting on their own needs and motives, Hae Ra’s been largely ignorant of it. I think Mi Roo’s been very good about trying to keep her distance from Jin Oh. Is it her fault that he remembered her birthday? I know that Hae Ra loves Jin Oh but is forcing him to love her really going to make her happy in the end?
Herbert C***
The tobacco seeds are planted and the girls are still refusing to swarm. I really need to open their hives tomorrow but now that I am behind due to lawn mower issues we will see.
This Islamic Jihad leader has gained followers all over the world demanding his release.
Collin's response was that her GP should have been reported to the General Medical Council and struck off.
Minutes later the cycle was finished, and Hannah quickly loaded the basket with the heavy wet laundry and made her way up the steps and out to the clothesline.
Solidariti Mahasiswa Malaysia (SMM) president Mohd Safwan Anang however remained defiant and said that the students will “hold the place” until the Bersih 3.0 sit down rally tomorrow.
“There is positive development in this direction and we hope that soon we will have those who are interested in modernization, which includes technical re-equipment of industry,” he said.
Ha-ha-ha! Now that's funny even if you aren't in Mr. Bush's Neighborhood.
Then there were the white balance and exposure controls. You're limited by the gamut of the film itself and whatever colors it can give you. While you can choose your film for its color profile and even use filters to alter the color at any given time, you're still limited by the color gamut available in the chemicals of the film itself. With RAW, your gamut and exposure range is at least 10 times or greater than that of film- there's just no comparison the brightness and saturation that you can achieve in digital compared to film. Strike 5 against film.
Be the Gods and Goddesses, the Kings and Queens you all are. Know that you are special, but no more so than any other. Use your power wisely and rule yourself with a feather, not a whip. Be wise, be compassionate, be understanding when another asks you a question that may seem mundane or trivial to you. Kindness that was shown to you, show to others. Judge not lest you are prepared to judge yourself for it later. Reach out to all of us when you feel the need to, but know that the best guidance you need or seek, is to be found within or close at hand through the Spirit Guides you chose for yourself. I can, we can, answer your questions but we ask you to remember, we speak in God Code as well. Till next time I would like to thank David for taking the time out of his busy schedule with God to share this with you.
Oh, by the way, ASA's decision to ban it is in fact even more ridiculous than for the reasons outlined above.
“What’s t-that, _____?” he questioned.
Rivars says he’ll soon get positive evidence about what Par-Chavorlem is up to. He’ll get it to Gary who will turn it over to Symvoret. Par-Chavorlem appoints Gary as interpreter for Symvoret with instructions to translate in such a way that it’s favorable to the administration. Symvoret offers him a huge land grant on another planet for Gary to interpret correctly. The fourth element are Gary’s fellow interpreters. They think he’s a spy for the administration. Two of them want Gary’s girfriend Elizabeth to kill Par-Chavolem or else they’ll kill Gary.
Star Struck
Whoever penned this has serious issues if you ask me. Not just insane, doubly so if you work it out. I don't know what else to say really, I'm a bit lost for words with this one.
the word is soft on the senses
leaving the unforgetable marks behind
Proverbs 3:6
parfumeurs - boulangers.
8. Require all B.C. educational facilities to encourage students to become proficient in Chinese languages.
That’s Jedi Lesson #2 for the evening. I hope you’re taking notes.
But maybe not - maybe a match between New Zealand wines and US beers, or British beers and French wines, would have seen the contenders belonging to the same class, and given a more balanced result.
We raced around catching up with long lost friends and going to an engagement party. I took the baby quilt I made last week to give to the parents-to-be and they loved it. I think I may have gained a few orders too.
I really can't buy this anymore, because I have the tendency to polish off a pint within 48 hours (which is not a good thing...for my ass). But damn, I love it.
It's got a nice freshness about it, a good bitterness accompanies a dryness around the front of your mouth.
Our smartest friend (Zachary)- was nice enough to study the injection and give us some information to share with everyone...
"Just look at the DOW, LPI, and HSV SBZA know the passion to create and build a good all-round performance car.
Shadow defence secretary Jim Murphy said it was a "terrible tragedy which will bring profound loss to six families and real hurt to the whole country".
The soundtrack hisses and pops. The dialogue is all dubbed over. The acting is all horribly over-the-top. By all means, this shouldn’t be so effective.
* Dr Rebecca Wong, Senior Lecturer, Nottingham Trent Law School, ;“Data Protection, Privacy and Social Networks”;
“It’s better than being seduced by a…a blood pusher.” Her voice cracked getting the words out.
Finally was the Supplication. As I said in the Russian River Rumble, this is my favorite of the available sours and it didn't change after having all five of these. It has an inviting sour cherry nose and the flavors are a nice balance of fruit and sour. Unlike the currants in Consecration, the cherries have a noticeable and delicious presence that I really enjoy. Jo liked this one the most as well and is now asking how much cases cost so that's a huge endorsement.
But just in the last week I’ve come across some great examples that have really stayed with me.
25 The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit.
Then I was afraid because you needed an “invite” to even join the site, and thinking back to my high school days when I’d wear a denim buttoned shirt on top of denim relaxed-fit jeans…well I didn’t think I’d make the cut.
As he walked out of the city, Khan, giving a sense of the place, said the once bustling town was “like a graveyard”. The silence was broken only by the “barking of stray dogs and the braying of some donkeys”.
So how about you? What books are your guilty pleasures??
This pic of Kalika, our collie-lab cross, was taken a year or so ago, but I keep using it because it's so silly ... unlike Kalika, who is of course, very bright and and on the ball.
Inside the strategically placed jar of evil (added for dramatic effect), are gourmet gummi bears that are regularly supplied by our Top Administrator through the ordering of 5 lb bags on a regular basis. It’s apparently a vice for her, and as vices go… you start out getting them for free, but eventually everyone pays, one way or another! As I notice the fluctuating level of gummi bears in this jar throughout the day… apparently those gummi bears are the “crack” of the candy world!
“He wants to know if you’d like to be pulled the long way or the short way.” Yalb scratched his head. “I’m not right sure what the difference is.”
Old Retail New Retail (as of #6)
Even with this 'studio' dining room set-up, I'm still cramped in terms of space. My HUGE, most-frustrating challenge!! Since my light is limited in it's reach, I'm really limited in the span of the shots I can take. Which is why most of my photos are close-ups. I don't have the opportunity to take shots with wide spans, gorgeous back-drops and backgrounds, or fully-set tables and place settings.
Now I didn’t want the top piece to stay exposed and I didn’t want fabric on the top, because I was afraid it would get dirty and since I would be stapling it on I wouldn’t be able to remove it and wash it.
First, let me say that when you are running along side a bike and a Rip Stick, you just naturally run a little faster. So I was feeling pretty good about this little family exercise outing. And then my son challenged me to a race going uphill on his Rip Stick.
Welcome to the fourth edition of The Pulse -- The State of the Art -- a survey in words and pictures of the online artist community. Nearly 150 artists have answered a list of questions which make up The Pulse. Their responses will be presented as a series of online and print projects. Links to the first two projects, Secret Sunday and The Book Guild, can be found on the sidebar of my blog.
Why on earth would they feel the need to show the world they are intellectually challenged on how to do the simple task of pulling up their pants?
Because, you know, this lawsuit isn't all she's done. She's also been a hell of a pal to me.
What if you could return to the road not taken?
Boil Time: 90 min
I’m about to turn 26… It’s 2012… I haven’t posted here that often (like I said I would) so with so many reasons to post… I’ve been thinking…
34. In a sense, I am Jacob Horner. —John Barth, The End of the Road (1958)
Scorching sand burned at her feet and bitterness ate at her heart. Mellie pumped her legs as fast as they would go. Her feet pounded with the rhythm of her emotions, beating a tempo with the crashing waves. Run-a-way. Run-a-way. Run-a-way. Adrenaline pulsed through her veins, quickening her step.
There's one song that's just been hitting me lately. Love it. Love the sound and absolutely love the words.
3:36 Michelle Obama’s reaction to ‘big ear joke.’ Awesome.
Dear Lord, help me to stick with the true gospel, and indeed Lord forget about the rest. Help me not to worry about how many people are made to feel good or become highly motivated, unless they are motivated to love and serve you. Teach us your ways and lead us down the plain, uncomplicated path of truth for your name’s sake.
The game show has been a lost art form in Australia having been replaced with oversized scratchies (Deal Or No Deal) or hyperactive nonsense (Millionaire Hotseat) which makes Letters & Numbers appearance all the more enjoyable. While Channel 7 were forcing contestants to catch ping pong balls in a box strapped to their butt SBS were getting back to basics with a local version of the UK’s Countdown. Letters & Numbers isn’t flashy, but it doesn’t have to be; it’s still the best game show on TV.
Radishes
* ensures that the Member States comply with obligations under the Treaties, and
So our plans have been shelved for the moment - we attempted to do some sewing together yesterday afternoon at her request (boredom had set in I think!) but after about half an hour she had had enough and curled up on the sofa under the blanket watching a DVD.
it’s true I didn’t much like drugs
Sharing my joys, rigors and like,
Read them again;
That record was later broken by it’s sequel, Blues Brothers 2000.
… unless you already had a left-fielder and really needed a center fielder. You couldn't really put Rice in center. You would really have no choice but …
2008: Unnamed dkb/br c by Bernardini. Unraced.
I TAKE IT ALL BACK
When it feels like you have it all on the paper, NOT in YOU any longer, walk away. Take a break and let yourSelf Be.
*The messages. While a jumbles mess, the messages were still good ones to take on and I am glad someone is trying to get them out there. Drunk driving (and underage drinking in general!), gay rights, learning not to be so shallow and judgmental of people. All very good things to get out to teens.
I shrugged a little. "Others might not agree with me, but I think all promises are equal. What I mean is that some promises might be bigger than others, but they're all important, and once someone makes a promise, it's important to keep those promises as much as possible. Sometimes things will happen that might keep someone from keeping a promise, but that person still needs to make an effort. That's part of integrity."
My grandfather and I really had no relationship with each other. He died when I was 10 and I never really spoke to him except in a dream once many years later.
that the larks prefer to listen to him, and the roosters refuse to
DL: Jake Bequette, Arkansas
2. The death of Jesus through the betrayal of Judas (dark stick) played a part in the formation of the Trinity. The ‘sticks’(apostles) were Jesus’ representatives on earth after his ascension.
The band worked closely with Warhol in the 60’s and the king of the pop art designed the banana illustration appearing on the cover of their first 1967 commercially released album “The Velvet Underground and Nico ”.
Most remarkable of all is that Northern Scotland (57ºN latitude) was almost the last to be hit. Throughout November, temperatures remained a balmy 50ºF. Even (spring-flowering) gorse burst into bloom. It recalled an equally abnormal episode in April this year, where temperatures in the same corner of Scotland hit all-time highs.
I met my friend Nester for coffee the other day. We always say we are going to meet for coffee, but actually its just to grab a cup, talk as fast as we can about 9,000 different things before we run out, jump in one of our cars, and then hit the thrifts stores. I love going thrifting with Nester. We walk in together, split apart, meet back up, show each other what we found, try on clothes, and then I always model something for her to get her honest opinion, which she will always give. We talk, share, dream, usually repeating things over and over because we are easily distracted by all the junk just screaming to be taken home! When I leave our thrifting adventures I always feel so happy, almost giddy. I guess its spending time with a dear friend doing something that I love. Thrifting is my therapy. Digging though all that junk, the hunt, the projects that come to mind, the dreaming up ideas from different cast off pieces, it just fills me up. But also to thrift with someone you love spending time with who also appreciates the hunt, well that is just about the best thing.
It’s unsurprising that Gleave is thinking in terms of the long-game, considering it’s taken him eight years to come up, unencumbered by hype, on pop’s inside track. In 2006, the first incarnation of Example emerged – as a semi-novelty, sample-reliant rapper from the mean streets of Fulham (less street, more cul-de-sac) who was the last act signed to Mike Skinner’s ill-fated vanity label, The Beats.
Attributes: Agility-d8, Smarts-d6, Spirit-d8, Strength-d6, Vigor-d10
I started by broaching a delicate subject: “I don’t mean to pry, Sandra, but have you or any of your friends recently received an unwelcome letter from a clinic specialising in the treatment of sexually transmitted diseases.”
I am an expert and I am a professional.
cannot catch–words, slippery fish thrown out.
I have something that I need to say to you, however, I'm not so sure I'm ready to say it yet. I need some time to digest the truth of what it is and figure out how I'm going to say it so that it doesn't sound too crazy. It may take a while for me to do this. I'm working on it. My therapist is helping me, but I haven't gotten there yet. I will. Hopefully I will do so soon.
Monday: Mailbox Monday & What are you reading?
"lake house" was recently painted from dark brown overall to
None of this should be surprising. In a global marketplace, there is a strong incentive to cut the cost of labor, either by outsourcing production or by insourcing workers. This two-way process will continue until wage rates are more or less the same throughout the world. So it doesn’t matter how low the wages are in labor-importing countries. What matters is whether the wages are even lower in labor-exporting countries. Such is the logic of globalization.
Especially when the peach ice cream is nestled inside a lovely waffle cone. This has been one of my favorite sweet treats lately. I think the peachness of it makes me think it's summer time. Somehow, I never get to finish the entire portion of ice creamy goodness all by myself. I have a little boy whose eyes light up when he sees me walking into the room with it and suddenly any toy he was playing with is forgotten.
Day 2 we relaxed at home on a rainy day and let the girls watch movies and make cupcakes. We also did a bike riding tour of the Stanford Campus (put on by Jen). The campus is magnificent. I loved all the architecture and green foliage.
At least the EDL were prepared to stand up and be counted.
These nomadic people were considered so dangerous and disruptive that the Qin Dynasty began construction of the Great Wall to protect Northern China from Xiongnu attacks.
Let in no agony’s thrall
The other day, after the Florida primary, I heard possibly the greatest political metaphor I've ever heard, in reference to Newt Gingrich's reasoning behind staying the Republican primary race.
15. The brain operates on the same amount of power as 10-watt light bulb. The cartoon image of a light bulb over your head when a great thought occurs isn’t too far off the mark. Your brain generates as much energy as a small light bulb even when you’re sleeping.
I love the white tree as its quite elegant and simple but i think that i do prefer the black one.
Los Angeles County Arboretum & Botanic Garden
Sec. 1021, the bill’s discretionary detention provision, authorizes the President to detain persons who “substantially supported” forces “associated” with al-Qaeda or the Taliban that “are engaged in hostilities” against the U.S. or its “coalition partners.” None of the quoted terms are defined. We do not know what constitutes substantial support, hostilities, or our coalition partners. Critically, the bill does not attempt to define “associated forces,” either. Without knowing what qualifies as an associated force, no one can be sure they are safe from the government’s detention.
My immediate reactions was likely similar to those of everyone else--run a quick inventory of the family. Where were they and did they know? I called my recently widowed mother who was angry and frightened. As soon as I felt she was calm I began calling the kids, and the the unthinkable happened. The Pentagon!
There isn't a meal that I cook or an outfit that I wear these days that doesn't come from that place.
Julia, who has no face, is depicted at various ages from 3 through 67, enjoying the benefits of various Obama-backed welfare-state programs.
UPDATE: Bonus coverage! At Tennessee, players don’t get suspended, they get… they get… hell, they get told they have something to do. No, really.
Red Boots - £10 Ebay
This morning the horizon is dark grey in the north - whether from fire or rain we cannot yet tell. There is a touch of moisture on the wind although I cannot smell that magical rain smell. But then I am not an elephant. We pass one heading directly towards the dark sky, the rhythm of his steady pace belying his traveling speed. A flock of open bill storks pass overhead in classic V formation heading the same way. Their wings flicker white against the dark clouds.
1 dollop
Collecting your jar of hearts
Until the end of September, I will be accepting electronic submissions of YA novels with the following exceptions (based not on prejudice so much as on what I've got brewing in the lab already):
only when siblings were at throats
There is a spin that Gordon Brown like other people will say things that they don't really mean. So, Labour spinners are actively saying that the Prime Minister is disingenuous as a defence to a worse perception. It is truly so very disappointing that this is the man who already leads us, and that Labour supporters are paying their subs for an army of spin masters who must go on television to make excuses for Brown. If the Prime Minister was lacking in frankness and sincerity in that interview, and his cheer-leaders are shouting this fact from the rooftops; then why should we ever believe a single word he ever has to say?
Taylor Swift ft. The Civil Wars - Safe & Sound (The Hunger Games)
Here are my 5 folders again, and how I’m doing so far with each one:
His gaze piercing the dark.
Oh and did I mention you're a bunch of selfish whiners?
He said that my kids spend too much time with me and that I need to farm them out.
But last Thursday at the required public meeting with the Beachside Properties Inc, citizens held in their hands copies of the environmental reports and Ministry responses that were originally denied them – all thanks to the folks at the Graeme Hall Nature Sanctuary who somehow managed to obtain copies of the reports and put them on the internet at their Chancery Lane – Long Beach resource page.
First let me start by saying that mama bunny is still here with us. Don't want to freak anyone out yet...lol
I am *still* working on finishing up Operation: Endgame.
Within a few months, I was stationed in England and quickly discovered that the popular duo was HUGE in their native country, and rightfully so.
I have some of your clothes. Mom gave me your pajamas to wear when I spent the night, and the beige ones just aren't my style. I don't think they were yours, either. Bears on a man who made each different tartan his own? Exactly. I can't bring myself to do anything with them, toss them or give them to an unknown who might not appreciate who you were. I was across the country when you died, and part of me worries that I'll be discarding what you wore when you told K you were glad she'd made the trip safely, when you last fell asleep with Mom making sure you'd taken those pills. You'd think this was no big deal, put them in a bag already, but I can't do it, and I can't bring myself to ask her which pair they were. It wouldn't be fair. Some of these clothes are still in a bag in my hallway. I caught Cricket laying on them, right there in the upright suitcase, and I love that she did, because you would have gotten a kick out of it. I would have called you to tell you, 30 seconds of nothing of consequence punctuated by a giggle, and we would have said our goodbyes. Until the next silly thing happened. I think about calling you like this a lot, particularly with each and every dumb pun I know would get a laugh and a shake of your head. It still takes a few seconds to realize it just can't happen.
The issue carries the coverline “Catherine Middleton, the making of a modern princess” and looks back at the magazine’s 95-year history of covering royal weddings.
Here’s the deal. Even if the Lord says directly (or rather, most indirectly via several translations from original texts) that we are to spread the Word – I would say that we have something to consider: Why would the Lord say this? Isn’t the Lord the Alpha and the Omega? He is the beginning and the end and everything in between! Any one of his creatures will know this!
Apart from redistribution, which enables blacks to secure loans to buy or lease land from the government, the land reform programme also includes restitution (state sanctioned theft), by which black communities recover ancestral land.
ANY photo upload site is a place where you open yourself AND your images to outside 'factors'!
Looking back, I know I made a great choice for me and my baby as far as our birth plan. I would absolutely recommend Hypnobirthing to ANYONE, and for first time moms, I wouldn’t read ANYTHING before you’ve read the Hypnobirthing book. Much of the literature, online reading and videos available can cause a lot of unneccessary fear. Yes, you will probably have some aprehension regardless, as this is a complete unknown, but it doesn’t have to be the “scary experience” our society often makes it out to be. No matter what kind of birth you want, you and your baby can benefit from this method. Those who casually say “oh we’re going to try to do it naturally but we’ll see how it goes” are usually not mentally prepared for the challenge. For women who would really like to have a natural birth, you have to go into it with a completely dedicated mindset and an understanding of what is going on, as well as a supportive birth team that knows your wishes! I can’t say enough how important it was that we had Dawn the doula for support, and our midwife and the hospital staff on board (with a copy of our written birth plan in hand)! You CAN do this! I will do it all over again the next time around…and I’m actually very excited about round 2!
How to Mother
snaking conduits of slick poison,
6 purely
Or, at least, I did once I opened my eyes and found myself lip to lip with a large yellow beak.
I am now refusing to cook in my kitchen. I have thrown a lot of our food away. And I will only eat items from the fridge. Each time I nervously enter the kitchen, I mentally prepare myself, make sure I'm not holding anything breakable, and I shout loudly and clap to give them a chance to at least run away and hide so that I don't have to see them strolling around on my kitchen surfaces.
At long last Blonde Redhead took to the stage. Wearing a white wisp of a dress matching her dainty demeanor, the arrestingly attractive Kazu Makino and equally stunning identical twin Italian brothers Simone and Amedeo Pace commanded immediate attention as they delved into the slow-burning “Black Guitar” off their latest effort, Penny Sparkle. Featuring vocal parts by both Amedeo and Kazu, the song took on a theatrical air backdropped by cool blue stage lights and dense fog-machine clouds as the two floated around each other during the vocal tradeoff.
Focus. I like it.
I first decorated Allie's room with a traditional, cottage theme, using antiques and lots of white.
P.S. Don't tell Zephyr about this, cause he don't know yet.
Thankfully we had a lasagna in the freezer that got pulled out for dinner on Sunday.
Tra tutte le partecipanti al Challenge ne verrá estratta una con il sistema Random che riceverá in regalo questo Glitter Glue"Ice Sickles"
1 seasons
If you cant read it it says:
PIL Rise UK
Sleep eluded me as I tried to struggle with a bad cold and cough. In the middle of the night the cool breeze relaxed my restless heart and tired body. I tried to sit up and work on the lappie but somehow did not have the strength. The drumbeat in the cell indicated a text message. There are times when the heart is torn between longing and loss. It’s an emotion which can’t be really described. Tears know not for what reason they flow. My vision blurred I slid out of bed and went to the terrace. Apart from a constant hum of the refrigerator the entire house was bathed in silent glow of the night-light. I still believe that heartstrings are tuned irrespective of physical distances and unseen heard melodies are the ones that make life worth what it is.
The very first post I wrote for this blog almost 5 years ago was called Aiming Low and was about marketers' unrelenting stupidity at targeting young people in advertising.
Roll out dough between two sheets of lightly floured baking paper until 3mm thick. Use a 4cm (1½in) cookie cutter to cut out cookies. Use a paring knife to trim stray bits of cranberry from edges – if the dough gets too soft, place it in the freezer for 5 minutes. Place cookies onto prepared sheets, 5cm (2in) apart, and bake until lightly golden on the edges, about 20 minutes.
What is the book about? It’s about a boy and his two dogs, the things they go through together, hunting coons, making miracles happen, saving each others’ lives.
Place the chicken in a pan and cover with the buttermilk , 2 tsp. salt and nice dose of hot sauce; allow to set covered in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours , overnight even better. Remove chicken and allow to drain over wire rack set in pan. Combine the flour ,pepper and season salt ; whisk to combine. Dredge the chicken in the flour and shake off excess flour. In a large frying pan add the lard and heat until melted on medium heat. Add vegetable oil if needed to fill pan no more then half way. Oil is ready when a handle of a wooden spoon placed in the oil bubbles. Add the chicken , but do not over crowd pan. Fry about 10 minutes per side until golden. Remove to a rack to drain when finished.
Blushful as you jitterbug across an ice-rink,
They've flashed their bums! It's shocking the things people'll get up to now it's 1977. I've got a good mind to ring Mary Whitehouse. Wherever will this Rock and Roll anarchy end? I predict, if it's not checked, it'll end with people wearing meat bikinis. And I'm making that prediction in 1977.
Christine x
-wait 30 minutes
It was fiery because I felt
Hitler's Angel by William Osborne
- Finally, leaves are graded by quality
“Never mind,” I said walking back to the freezer to put away the orange juice. I learned my lesson long ago about those small and inconspicuous, non-bank affiliated ATM’s which charge anywhere from five dollars or higher for their use. Santorum clone kept smiling like a pleasantly dressed but maniacal serial killer as I walked out leaving me with a slight concern for my safety but an overwhelming urge to wash my hands for some reason.
Over the next three days, I learned how to be a mama of babies in the NICU. I learned about beeps and alarms and three-hour schedules. I saw the names on the isolettes and knew those were my babies. I saw their daddy's nose on their tiny, raw faces and knew those were my babies. I was pumping my breast milk every two hours around the clock to give to my babies. But it was a very intellectual experience. My brain knew those were my babies.
* * * Somebody said you don't need an education to be a mother.... somebody
I’ve said it a thousand times before and I’ll say it again: I love working with other artists!
I spy a hummingbird
We’re not given a choice in regards to the appearance, inclinations, lineage, or location of our bodies when we arrive on Earth. Additionally, human civilization, and it’s massive infrastructure, is already well-established before we arrive.
I’m almost 23 weeks and munchkin is doing well. I’m finally showing! The picture is me at 20 weeks. I’m a little bigger now. I’m also feeling her kick and move, which I’m enjoying a lot! I love feeling her moving around. We’re still waiting to be able to feel her from the outside but I think it will happen soon.
Junior Longboard Final (15-17)
She is being held without bond and charged with three counts of lewd or indecent proposals or acts to a child under 16.
While I was sitting in a suite tonight, waiting for a search warrant to go through, I just kept thinking about the song, “For the Moments I Feel Faint” by Relient K. It was a big song for me in high school. The only line I could remember of the song was a part of the chorus, “You’re telling me that there’s no hope; I’m telling you you’re wrong.” I had a thought, have I been telling myself that there’s no hope? I’ve been known to do so, when I get in a bad enough mood.
chill wind
But not all initiates make it into the Dauntless faction. Only the bravest. Only the strongest. Only the best. Readers follow Tris (Beatrice) on her new journey. We meet fellow initiates--those born Dauntless, and those transferring from other factions. We follow their training through three stages. They will be challenged physically, mentally, and emotionally. We become familiar with their two trainers--Eric and Four. We see the faction's strengths and weaknesses. As does Tris. On the one hand, Tris realizes she is fierce. She can be strong, determined, brave. She is learning to face her fears, learning to face life. But she's also realizing that compassion and love are part of courage. That selflessness has prepared her for her new life. On the other hand, she sees how heartless, how cruel some are. Yes, the Dauntless have their flaws.
I made sure I read during both my break 15mins and lunch 30mins, with the exception of a few interruptions. The result is that (at 4.30pm GMT) I've now read 23 pages of 'Crusade of Tears' by C.D. Baker in half an hour.
a clear conscience
Remember to post your projects using Inlinkz no later than 12:00 noon Central time on Friday, January 13, 2012. We will announce the winner of the stamp set and the new Top Mouse Award winners when the new sketch challenge is posted on Saturday, January 14th. Please use a direct link to your project and feel free to enter as many times as you like!
or should I say hadn't, because my darling little lady who has been a non-sleeping crab of a child lately decided SHE was the anti-waster.
Heat sesame oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion to pan; saute 3 minutes or until softened. Add
I reckon I reclaim about 65% of my marketing budget back from the agency! It's a win-win! Well, it's a win! For me!
Oh, The Bitch is undone! (Maybe).
The primary responsibility for an MMO is to detect and monitor marine mammals within 1,640 feet of the center of the air gun array. They are also responsible for ensuring that the seismic testing vessel adheres to environmental protection guidelines in regards to marine mammals, and educating and advising the crew on these guidelines.
6.) Add flour to pan and stir
If you’ve liked early books by Berkom, you are sure to enjoy this one even more. This is one of the longer books by Berkom and has good pace balance throughout. As with all her books, this is another great value for the money. And although reading previous Kate Jones books will give context to “Touring for Death” this is really a stand alone chapter in the ongoing saga and readers new to Berkom can easily start with this novel and not miss a beat.
We are a constitutional nation, not a religious dictatorship. Unless he or she threatens violence, you do not have the right to gag or bully or dictate to your neighbour – or decide what he or she can say or see or hear.
I have also missed worship. Some of the songs really resonate with me and often bring me to tears. This weekend was no exception. In fact, I'm including the lyrics to Before the Throne of God because it is an absolutely beautiful song and describes the love of God in a way that just grabs hold of my heart.
On Monday, December 26 at midnight, the give away ends.
Confession 2 is towards my blogger friends.
I feel bad that I’ve preached and preached about waiting for the right guy. Maybe I have and Peter will surprise me. Who knows? I just know that I am not holding my breath for this casual tryst to magically turn into a relationship. I still do believe that whether or not a woman is a virgin, she should decide when, where, and with whom she should sleep with. This was the best option for me and I do not regret it. I don’t recommend it to everyone. A part of me wishes that I decided to have sex when I was younger, but I know that I wouldn’t have been able to handle it the way I have now. All I know is that since I’ve lost my virginity, this huge weight has been lifted off of my shoulders. I no longer have this secret. I am no longer the “adult virgin”. I am just Valerie. I can strip off the labels and live the way that I want to. That weekend was for me and no one else.
I don’t want James to see his dad like I have been seeing him. I want HSSH to be healed and then come into his children’s lives.
If there is one thing I get asked at markets, it's how do I make a little quilt from charm squares. And I would always send people off to other people's tutorials. But here it is. Finally. At last. How I make my quick charm square quilts. No nonsense. Just basic steps. I'm no quilt expert but this is how I do it and it works well for me.
- Cabardès
And I then got an e-mail from Bob saying:
With this said, I must certainly apologize for the miscommunication generated by the server at your table. She misrepresented the Eat The Whole Menu at The Bent Brick which unfortunately ruined for you what has historically been an epically great experience for all of the guests who have ordered it. Apparently your server led you to believe that we strongly encourage large parties to Eat The Whole Menu. This is not the the point that should have been communicated. We like our customers to order however they wish to order. It's certainly fun for large parties to Eat The Whole menu but how our customers enjoy our menu is entirely up to them.
Yesterday, hoping against hope that I'd find nothing, I checked each and every one of the assignments the kid had sent me from October onward and discovered they'd been drawn, word for word, from Wikipedia, which offers handy little synopses on every single book he's read.
Regular vice-captain Shane Watson only returned to club cricket last weekend after a six-week absence with a calf injury. While Clarke said he hoped to return for Sunday’s one-dayer against India in Brisbane, team physiotherapist Alex Kountouris was non-committal.
Decent ambient music is not easy to create. Usually one just hears a simple phrase being repeated again and again ad nauseam, with futile attempts to hide the monotony.
4. Offense is a four part sin. It takes a sender and a receiver. It also can be deliberate and unintentional.
13. Travelin' Light
Living in a world filled with so much bad and ugliness, it is refreshing to be reminded about someone who is truly and totally good and beautiful…in nature as well as in action. In his book, The Good and Beautiful God, the author, James Smith, reminds us of the fact that there is someone in our world who is good and beautiful and that person is God. In his book he does a masterful job at explaining for us just how GOOD and BEAUTIFUL God really is.
I try not to describe comedy shows in too much detail but…
For anyone who hasn't read Danny's articles, here's the brief overview. Deadly Premonition is a third-person detective story by Japanese designer Hidetaka "SWERY 65" Suehiro, released in the US back in February. Sold at the budget price of $19.99, it was both panned and lauded by reviewers. It's gained cult status not only due to the polarizing responses it's provoked, but also because of its unrelentingly strange and oddly charming Twin Peaks-esque story and characters.
exhausting him
kinda genius no?
Last week, when someone dropped me off on the way to the Church office, he was saying that Paul and Timothy had such a good relationship that they looked out for each other and making sure the churches were ok. Especially in times of persecution and oppression. We were talking about a whole different topic but I thought about this later and applied this to our students too and wondered about how we can pull this into helping them to step out into faith. It’s definitely not an easy task to dictate.
Back in the dawn of time (somewhere in the 1990's I think), my Corporate Job Place was built, and some time later, an addition was added to it in order to make navigation more difficult. The ceiling is between 15 and 40 feet high in this particular cubicle farm, with padded grayish-cream colored cubicles set in neat little rows (they are the color of old lady teeth). They are a bit over five feet high, so if I stand on my tippy-toes, I can see the foreheads of other people walking around in the alleys between cubes. I am very good at identifying my coworkers by their foreheads.
Parents:
Recruitment: Initially Elizabeth teaches a small group the game, but there’s still the obstacle of establishing a full team who will be up for the extreme challenge. Finally a diverse group of people are gathered from the village and surrounding areas since they have a common interest in eliminating the unfair tax by their common enemy, the British.
These portals and energy link ups are very important to us. Learning to master them is essential. We will go into detail tomorrow about this, sadly I have got to start my day. But I have a feeling, my readings today will help us all understand what on earth I am talking about here!!
Eventually it would happen anyways
1. the cds that I make for my friends. But I don’t make them for just anybody only the people who I really care about and the people who really care about me because I’m pretty protect over my music. And how for a split second when I finish a cd I really do feel like I created something new even though its just a mix of all my favorites. I just love making mix CDs for people. If I make one for you that means I really care about you. I’m not great with words so the music also might be trying to tell you something that maybe I can’t
Have you ever thought about becoming a real estate paralegal? And not only a real estate paralegal, but a commercial real estate paralegal? Good for you! I found that a real estate deal has a life unto itself and coming to the closing is in some ways similar to approaching the finish line of a corporate challenge marathon. You prepared and practiced for many days; you ran and came to the finishing line. The only difference is that after the award ceremony, there is more work to be done.
Growth in vehicle miles traveled has aligned almost perfectly with the growth(decline) in the number of employees working at automobile dealerships.
Sadly, it's the only the 1792 law requiring all able-bodied men to own a firearm that they'll notice when reading this article and that's the one they'll be looking to bring back.
A Culpepper town spokesperson said “The officer’s cruiser did have a video camera, but that it was not working.” For the second time this week I’m going to have to call bullshit. If my car doesn’t have everything working properly I get a moving violation and the police are all over it. I find it hard to beleive that a municipal police force would willingly and knowingly allow a cruiser on the streets with a broken video camera.
It is with great pleasure that I give you a look behind the scenes of the most challenge yet most fun photoshoot I’ve had to date. It should come as no surprise since I’m a Porsche enthusiast and Flying Lizard fan that I jumped at the opportunity to work with the team. It all started with some discussions during the off season, then a few months ago the head of PR/marking got in touch with me about a photo shoot concerning images for Le Mans. What I didn’t know at the time were the constraints I would be facing for the shoot.
If you have three or more names (first, middle and last), it makes it that much easier to create an elaborate story from merely the origin and meaning of your names.
Earlier this year Taoiseach Enda Kenny said the Government was “determined to ensure that the IFSC is a centre of excellence for Islamic finance”.
There are three categories on our list: financial, home and personal. The plan is to come together every three months and evaluate these goals and see if they need to be tweaked.
Description and History – There is little left of this canal side church but it boasts a long history. A church was originally located here in the 8th century when Irish monks were establishing many communities in the area. The present structure is late medieval and may not have had a long period of usage as the Penal Laws brought an end to Catholic worship here as it did to many other churches throughout Ireland. The present church is badly ruined and measures 16m x 7.5m. The E and W walls survive to full height but the N wall has collapsed in recent years destroying very fine Latin inscribed gravestone underneath it. The graveyard contains some very nice gravestones.
Patient: "Well I can't afford any medicine."
So what does this have to do with legalization of drugs? Where is the connection? Here is my position. You can legalize one drug, but you cannot legalize them all. The industry will simply reinvent itself. Not to mention the prison industrial complex is driven by this industry as well. There is simply to much “legal” money tied to illegal activity.
That afternoon was the last meeting of the yearbook committee: My "best friend" didn't say a word to me. Clara got her candy and we had water ice and then left. I know when I'm not welcome but I wasn't going to be cheated out of my goodies. You know, I heard about a book that just came out that tracked kids from high school into real life. All the geeks, outcasts, etc., they are the ones moving and shaking in this world: Steve Jobs (geek), J.K. Rowling (book nerd), Lady Gaga (fashion weirdo, hasn't changed much has she?). It's the popular kids who end up with the most insecurities. So there you go.
Mason HJ. Occupational cadmium exposure and testicular endocrine function. Human & Exp Tox 1990; 9: 91-94.
by the end of this year
In all, several major American telecommunication companies and many of the nation’s leading retailers endorse the act.
Anyway, Sunday night we were contemplating our drive back to Florida on Monday. It's not such a bad drive-- about 8 hours. When I drive alone it's 7-7.5 hours, depending on traffic, but it was nice having my mom and GDA along. The two of them a great camaraderie between them, and my mom takes great pleasure in exclaiming callate (pronounced cashatay in Argentinian Spanish, meaning shut up in American English) with her fists thrusted into the air.
Even today it is happening.
Now I know better. While I still buy groceries primarily based on the circular, I’ve come to realize that a simple, no-frills approach to couponing nets good money for little time investment. I don’t freak out, I don’t buy rainbow-colored faux food, and I save a couple hundred bucks each year. Not too shabby.
As in, no postage stamp.
Work – Self-Expression
Body painting is not always large pieces on fully nude bodies, but can involve smaller pieces on displayed areas of otherwise clothed bodies.
“Our view is, and always has been, that as one door closes another opens. Some of the most successful writers were once in the exactly same position as you are in now so there is always hope for new writers. Please view our submission guidelines page on how to submit and which genres are most commonly accepted to our editors.”
Month of hares and haring, fleeing on fleeted foot, hills to roll down, arse over daisy chain, hurrah!
Sound familiar? In 2002, most would be comfortable with the prospect of a Sullivan, Jacobs, Ken Veal & Shed Wynn rotation, and it turned out dominant. But I certainly feel just as good if not better about Jeff Owens, Kade Weston, Geno Atkins, the emerging Abry Jones and other depth at the position. I think here it is safe to say: August 2002 vs. August 2009 comparision: 2009, slightly.
I have never, (famous last words), had a problem with parsnips germinating, so I marvel at people who try to chit their seed beforehand. Sounds like a lot of hard work to me. I simply sow three seed every six inches or so, directly in the bed. If you just sow a continuous drill, you'll have loads of thinning out to do, so don't make life any harder than it already is.
It is, though, a little bit strange that Middle Eastern governments, some of whom have been having a tough time lately, have been quite so generous to Western (and particularly British) universities. A few weeks ago Christopher Davidson (reader in Middle East politics at Durham University) tackled this question in the Times Higher Educational Supplement. He wrote of the "fascination in many of the Gulf monarchies ... with spending vast sums on overseas education projects, even if the domestic sector is left to languish."
What exactly is our national security securing? Certainly not our liberty. We have been sacrificing ever larger chucks of our liberty to the gods of security for decades now and in the interests of securing our liberty have given it all away. Go to an airport if you want to witness the loss of liberty in all its glorious humiliation. One wonders if we actually were taken over by another power and our Constitution dismantled what exactly could they do to restrict our movements, monitor our activities and control our actions that would be any worse or oppressive than what our own government is doing right now?
Bassist for the Grateful Dead, BD 3/15/40
“Man is not the sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have.” Sartre said to console Simone. She nodded, snuffling into her hanky. I longed for Kermit, Miss Piggy. Bloody BAFTA nominations.
Write out your dreams.
You try until you can’t,
The "war on women" theme is another indicator. For daring to suggest
Todays card is a double twisted easel. The flowers are images from Crafty Ann, part of my prize when I won a challenge on her blog.
Preschool----------------August 23(Monday)
Not just the young, even now in my office, the communication pathway always a shut down among the colleagues and it's getting way too bad. I have one fella chasing another fella who has left office after work, with no 'message' on what's going on, the chasing fella is jumping high and low as he / she couldn't get things done...
The old man charges after him. “I had a visitor today…. Jamshid Mohammed! What the hell are you playing at?”
Again, this is a mix of new titles and some that I've been after for a while, as well as being a mixture of 'gritty' realism and contemporary humour - sometimes in the same book.
All-in-all then, it is probably best to stick with standard domestic livestock for normal day-to-day travel, preferably a jersey cow, as these tend to have more optional extras when compared to the basic Friesian. For the wannabe boy racers, of course, there are plenty of breeds of domesticated pigs, from the hot miniatures right through to the swill-guzzling road hogs, for them to choose from.
The show is a minefield of symbols -- Michelangelo, Picasso, Magic Eye books, Buddha, a crab, automotive repair advertising, and what may or may not be a fish head. Each of these could compel a witty exhibition, and I genuinely believe that that is what Johnson is trying to do, be as witty as he can while at the same time taking his thought and work in deeper directions. After all, humor often surprises with the quality of its critique. You would expect nothing less from a former student of Charles Ray. Artists like Tom Friedman and Ray do this very well in their work, and Johnson seemingly drew close to their respective practices in his first show.
but my favorite is from Canadian author Margaret Atwood:
If DC really wants to appeal to non-fanboys with the New 52, it would behoove them to have an entry level title that the casual reader can pick up every now and then and get a satisfying single issue reading experience. If this debut issue is any indication, Superman might just be that title. This would be appropriate, since everyone knows who Superman is. He's not only DC's most famous character, but one of the most recognizable fictional characters in all of literature. Therefore, you don't really need to spend a lot of time introducing the characters to new readers. If you were in a comics shop about to pick up your first ever comic book, wouldn't you be more likely to go for a character you already know from movies and TV?
Tettiz is extremely lazy and could spend whole evenings on the sofa watching television. She loves to bake even though she's on a diet. She just has her husband and daughter eat what she makes. She's afraid of snakes. She's obsessive about the kitchen in her house. If the rest of the house is a mess, the kitchen's almost always clean. She was named Jeanette because she was her father's (Jan) first child (one = ett in Swedish). She teaches English and Swedish in H.S. She loves the color yellow and her new yellow beetle says RAW on the license plate. That rocks!
3. What is your favorite cookbook? I love the simplicity of Rachael Ray’s cookbooks – I have every one. Her style is true to my Italian roots, and even when she’s making meals that aren’t Italian in nature, per se, they remind me of the way my mom cooked for us every night when we were little. Hearty and healthy meals. I also love Giada’s recipes. And my sister swears by the recipes she gets from her Sunset cookbooks. Lately, I’ve been pulling a lot of recipes from Eating Right magazine.
The Upsetters - My Girl
The Killing airs Sundays at 9pm on AMC
In "The Grand Design," co-authored with U.S. physicist Leonard Mlodinow, Hawking says a new series of theories made a creator of the universe redundant, according to the Times newspaper which published extracts on Thursday.
intertwined and graceful in the glow of the streetlight
I'm not a spokesman for it but you can see it in action with Martha Stewart in the driver's seat. What I really like is how easy it is to clean. No sharp blades just this big heavy grinding 'screwdriver block' that crushes the fruits, veggies, nuts or whatever. The juice goes into the right container while the pulp goes into the left one. Definitely no regrets getting it.
When we test a digital ad, a print ad or a package on-line, we typically use timed exposures of ½ seconds, 1 second, and 4 seconds to measure what elements of an ad are being recorded in working memory.
My first daughter couldn’t join us as she had school. Bummer! Because of the bad traffic, we decided to head back to Jakarta without seeing the wonderful shows you can see at the zoo. That was also a bummer for us. M, J, H and K, Thanks for visiting us in Jakarta!!
This was going to be my April teaser, but the last couple of weeks were busy with the Merola Opera Program’s annual Benefit Gala, A Royal Affair (there are Mélanie and I above in our tiaras). So the April teaser is being posted in early May. It’s a scene from the novella I’m writing about Malcolm/Charles and Mélanie/Suzanne’s engagement and wedding, provisionally titled The Lisbon Bride. In this scene, Charles/Malcolm tells his valet Addison that he’s going to be married. It’s fascinating for me to go back in time and discover who these characters I know so well were at the start of their relationship.
I'm honestly surprised I didn't see any of them wearing this:
Damodar asked, Hi Amit, Is there any particular etiquette to follow for a telephone interview?
If Craigslist refuses to spend any time and money to just make the surfing experience slightly better, what kind of message is that to its users? And most users do not have nearly the skill or know-how that they can make it a more pleasant experience by use of extensions. I can probably guarantee you that most users of Craigslist do not even know what browser they are using.
It made me look at how I had treated her son, at how The Man had viewed her son so differently than I had viewed him. It made me think about her daughter, so much like my own daughter, having to grow up without her mom. And how, as a mother she could so genuinely accept someone who had previously been cruel to her own son.
But it was real interesting because I got to talking about this experience with the silence, and the guy said, “Well, I’ll tell you something interesting. We do a lot of research on Caddo Lake.” Well, you know Caddo Lake. This is basically just a cypress swamp.
Mon-Fri July 16-20
This has been a long time coming. I can't blame going back to work as it was already a problem beforehand. I can't even blame my daughter, as it was already a problem before she bounced into my life (erm, not literally).
giving them the taste and touch of adult work.
My favorite of this set is the full body pose. Although it is a static pose, there is a feeling of fluidity and movement here. I just feel she knocked this pose outta the park and I'm pleased with my light and camera angle as well.
I don't know if you're getting where I'm going with this or not. I don't know if I know where I'm going with this.
Brody has gotten this dish many times before and raves about it. It includes crispy rice, sautéed spinach, winter vegetables, bean sprouts, sunny-side up egg, chili paste, and marinated tofu or pork. Mmmm…this was so good! I ate it all but saved room for dessert. My friend Rena and I chose the chocolate peanut butter cheesecake for the table to split, but after everyone else (four other people) took a bite, Rena and I polished it off. Oh, and my drink! While I don’t drink a lot of liquor, I do enjoy anything with gin and grapefruit juice. I ordered the Marquez Collins which obviously had those two liquids but then topped with red wine, all over ice. It was a lovely dinner experience, as it always is at Graze.
Where else you can see Sand Dunes, Ocean, Mountains and the City all at the same location?
We enjoyed the show until all the credits had rolled, but could not find a suitable place for dinner; the tourist season had yet to begin, so almost nothing was open. Instead, after a walk from one end of town to the other, we took the tram back to Sóller for a well-deserved dinner. We would head for Palma the following day, but for that evening we were happy to be living in the moment.
Issues of sex and gender aside, there’s a lot going on in this novel. The descriptions of Tokyo are wonderful. The descriptions of the suburbs and countryside surrounding Tokyo are also wonderful. The secondary characters are sympathetic and vividly portrayed. I loved Komatsu, and Ushikawa, and Professor Ebisuno, and Aomame’s friends Tamaki and Ayumi. The Dowager and Tamaru are a novel unto themselves. The allusions and parallels to political revolutionaries and religious cults in postwar and contemporary Japan are striking. The novel’s challenge to conventional notions of reality are intriguing. The connections between Murakami’s 1Q84 and Orwell’s 1984 (and in particular the transformation of “Big Brother” into “the Little People”) are fascinating.
They're writing.
A couple of nights ago Wesley and I sat down and read this book together. He was able to read a good chunk of it himself and seem to really enjoy it. Its based on the children's song "Five Little Ducks" excepts these cute little bunnies keep hopping away one at a time. The CD that is included in a slip pocket on the inside of the front cover contains the story read out loud by a narrator as well as 19 children's songs like
“I hope through my practices to honor the women, children and men who have lost their lives and who are struggling to survive now,” said Nancy, a resident of Roswell, Ga. “My daily journey will be much easier than theirs. But, I live in a society where people die from obesity and obesity related issues – we die from too much. They die from not enough…”
Those of you who were up there in Northrend with me will remember my last operation was at Light’s Hammer just inside the gates of Icecrown Citadel. You might also remember that I spent most of that time hanging out there with Tirion Fordring. Who I’d already had my fill of, by the way, when I went to meet him with Thrall at his stupid-ass tournament place. (Like seriously, isn’t ONE pansy-ass traveling fair enough for the world?) So hopefully you people were all too busy forging your way into the citadel and fighting our enemies like the Horde soldiers that you are…but meanwhile I was stuck back there with Tirion…who pretty much had nothing to do for a good long time but talk. And talk.
4. WWE INTERCONTIENTAL CHAMPIONSHIP MATCH: The Big Show (Champion) vs. Cody Rhodes (Challenger/Former Champion).
Looking around, in one corner are the “die-hards” who are still kicking on and you may even remember them from Friday night, but you would never go there! Sunglasses, nervous twitches and sideways glances – there is a slim chance that they have showered, and can let alone speak by this stage.
Start a school that teaches the ‘children of a lesser god’ for free, even better, pays the parents for sending the children to school.
What I’d really like to bake is some nice chocolate cupcakes with icing or a peach pie with some vanilla ice cream on the side. But alas, those things are now a distant memory. I’m not saying I’ll never eat those kinds of things again, but I can’t be having a whole batch of chocolate cupcakes or a whole peach pie in the house…I’d want to eat it all at once! And as hubby doesn’t really eat cakes or pies except on very rare occasions, it would just be me eating this stuff. Not a good thing.
It’s a fantastic chase sequence – imaginative and fun and aided by a rare GOLDENEYE appearance of the Bond theme, it’s the moment where Pierce Brosnan really becomes James Bond as it shows off Bond’s ability to improvise on the run and never lose his cool.
It wasn't one of the more visually or intellectually challenging pieces they've done on the show. But it was a visual feast. That final slow-motion bit was especially great.
Children’s author
128.Vanessa M (Tootsie)
Customer- Whoa, whoa, whoa you talk kinda fast huh?
Once it is grinded well add the broken cashews and shape it to small balls. Sounds tricky, but when you shape it, you will find it very easy. Not only during navrathri festival, it can be prepared once a week to have healthy snack.
get to grips with the smooth surface
and streets paved with gold.
J and I went for lunch here on my first day. After several minutes agonising over what to choose form the menu I decided on Green Tamales & Eggs for $11.75 described as ‘spinach corn tamales on a pool of tomatillo salsa topped with two eggs any style, avocado-tomato-cilantro salsa, toasted tortilla strips, sour cream and cilantro.’
I guess once you make your mind up that you really want something you will do whatever it takes to get it. And so, we did.
Creature Teacher art Tom Williams
Hendrix first looked deeper into marital psychology after his marriage ended in 1975. He thought the prevailing therapy of the time, loosely termed ‘conflict resolution’, focused too much on compromise. “What we found, and what the whole discipline of marital therapy in America found, was that it simply didn’t work, because a part of us is always resentful if we have to give things up,” he says. “Also, it was very cognitive – ‘there’s the problem, here’s the solution’. Like fixing a car. But people are not like machines.”
otherwise
Because Hard is just one feeling among many (Delight. Serenity. Grief. Love) that I will pass through.
A plus point for me was that fantasy and magic play almost no role in the plot, much less than in the previous two books (This might explain in part why I thought In Winter’s Shadow the strongest of the trilogy). Gwalchmai still has his Otherworld sword and horse, but if they have any magical powers they are scarcely mentioned. Medraut is said to serve the ‘Darkness’, as his evil sorceress mother Morgawse did before him, but for the most part this could be taken as a metaphor for ordinary human vices such as cruelty and greed.
31. Thee Headcoats - Every little Thing
Look #1
What's your favourite weekend breakfast?
In 1854 England became involved with the Crimean war, which again increased the demand for ships.
You believe it when you say,
Responding to the claims of numerous European writers, philosophers and intellectuals, political commentator Bill O’Reilly noted that they should “shut up” and “stop supporting terrorists with their panty armed leaflets and ‘ideas’ and spineless flags with no stars or even stripes.”
3 years later, she was invited by the company who produce Mr.Children. She wanted to manage them again but instead the company ask her to manage new group. She didn’t want to do other group so she left the company and look for the boys. Because the vocalist was dead, she did a talent search and found a rock band singer, Eugene. She tried to get Eugene to sing as a solo without his band, but he disagreed. Finally, she could get him by paying his nephew’s hospital fee for 24 months. She trained the boys very hard and with minimum cost. However, prior to debut Ji Oh (one of the boys) who has a bad temper suddenly attack the rival group from the other company (the company that previously employ Oh Gu Ju). Thus, she pulled back their debut time and instead debuting on a music program on TV they start singing for patients and disabled people. The response was great and Mr. Children starts to get popular.
· Highest ever plan outlay of Rs. 60,100 cr
I will send you an invoice and please pay within 24 hours after recieving the invoice otherwise it will not be reserved.
Today, our Program Director, Sarah Rial, and I will make the 7000-mile trek to our partner Kurnyuk School for Girls in the world’s newest nation. It’s a grueling itinerary—6 hours from Boston to Amsterdam; 8 hours to Nairobi; 11 hour-layover before the 1.5 hour trip to Juba. We overnight in South Sudan’s boomtown capital, before taking the 1.5 hour flight to less cosmopolitan Wau; .5 hour jumper to even less “cosmo” Maluakon followed by the .5 hour drive over dusty, bumpy, potholed “road” to the Kurnyuk School located in quintessentially v-e-r-y rural Akon. Did I say the trip was grueling? Oh yes, and the temperatures average 106 degrees; the nighttime bugs can be fierce and latrines are often simple holes in the ground. That’s why our want ad reads, “Divas need not apply….”
Farid is the proud owner of the very first Black Dot Project print. Think you can get the second!?
The debut album "Franklin Ave." by Austin Hartley-Leonard delivers classic Americana songwriting combined with the textures of Nick Drake and The Band
The two hours that we talked at a little round table, sharing a pot of tea, went extraordinarily fast and we seemed to be able to chat about all sorts of things quite easily.
I had to stand the husband in front of the microwave and ask him what he uses it for. He said, "Um, well, to heat things up. I just used it...the other week. Oh, well. To boil water?" He brought it in to work so other people can kill themselves slowly by using it. I Freecycled the toaster.
Original Gravity
Anyway, we were all ready for bed around midnight, and hit the pillow and were asleep. CPT was awake and gone before I got up (to PT), and my alarm went off at 6:45am. The kids were SO excited to go in and see Grammie and Grandpa Harty. At 7am, right before Tom left for for school, I let them go in and see them. Joe needed his backpack and Jim needed his shoes (they were staying in their room). They were SO excited!!!
My favorite quote is ”stupid fear shit gets in the way and its time to kick its ASS.”~Me
Whew. All those Protestant splinter groups while the holy, Catholic, and Apostolic Church sails on in her serene waters, untroubled by the bickering outside her walls.
For the trip of a lifetime, though, these sacrifices can and must be made. After all, barring some catastrophic event, all of my adorable shoes will be waiting for me when I get home.
–Thomas Chockley
Making ME happy! I have spent sooooooooooooooooo ….yes isnt that a great deal of o’s!!! Yes, I have spent a great deal of years making sure EVERYONE was ok from the church to my family to my friends etc..etc.. and the list had the ability to go on like a bad credit report! However, I have PULLED the report and stopped it from growing… I have cleaned it up and have been starting from scratch and it feels good!
My congratulations to Mr Cooke for defending himself, his home and his family so robustly. I apologise on behalf of our pathetic justice system that you will have to live with this for the rest of your life.
Meanwhile, Powerade’s bench is as thin as Ogie Menor’s ability to understand calls. Rommel Adducul is the only serviceable big man night in and night out, as Antonio and Calimag were better off stretching the floor than fighting for rebounds. Don’t even ask for Crisano.
Cllr Peter John said: “Local councils are facing unprecedented cuts from the Tory/Lib Dem Government. We know that we’re going to have to change the way we work to rise to the challenge those cuts present and carry on making the improvements to local services that our residents need. Pulling together with our neighbouring boroughs, which face many of the same challenges we do, promises to deliver some of that change.”
For my take, cans certainly have their advantages, and craft beer drinkers love their convenience and portability. Hopefully, the market will soon demand that Ball and its competitors come up with a way to manufacture effective BPA-free cans.
For reasons known only to herself, reasons that a lot of forty-something women would perhaps recognise and understand, Johnson was unhappy with her looks and the way she was ageing.
Knowing now that so many of us
I think I might try to make it into a cute jumper, something like this one. This project might be down the line a bit, though, which is fine since the fabric is a bit thicker and fall-feeling. A perfect late summer/early autumn project!
This was a trip that almost didn't happen. Flight prices were all over the place and just when I found a REALLY good deal (like $140 round trip) the prices shot up the next day and then a few days after that, the airline filed for bankruptcy and cancelled every flight until May! Every other airline was so expensive out of every city and I just became discouraged. That is, until I found a flight out of Grand Rapids, MI through AirTran. For about $220 round trip and with decent flight times. We've never flown out of Grand Rapids before but the airport will be really simple to get to and will be shorter drive than we're used to going to Detroit.
Anyhoo some fairly good news which i will be announcing either late this thursday or early friday may mean i increase my work load but also enjoyment in Sheffield and mean i see some of you bloggers, writters, or plain old beer enthusiasts a little more often. Ill leave you guessing as to what this new found surprise may be. Back onto something i really love doing though, a good old beer review, followed by a little bit of beer related art from Thornbridge.
Or I see a picture from high school. I remember walking down those paths lined with roses or crossing that lawn, going into that orchestra room, sitting on the steps of that gym. And you were there. You were always there. You are as much a part of that scene as the buildings in the background, I can’t think of that place without thinking of you, and how we were always together, as often as we possibly could be, because that was how much we loved each other.
According to La Tercera newspaper, Vallejo will be a “guest of honor” of the UJC celebrations and her agenda in the Caribbean nation includes several activities and meetings with students.
Father Mother God:
Please turn off the sound on my playlist located at the bottom of this page before playing this video.
I bought a bunch of fresh Chinese spinach from the wet market last weekend. My favourite way of cooking the spinach is by frying it in a hot wok. If the wok is hot enough, you will have a spinach dish with nice ‘wok hei’ (wok burnt) smell.
I now realise there’s a bit of gap at the front of the shed, just underneath the diamond-shaped decoration that’s attached to the front of the pitched roof. You can’t see the gap, but I can put a few of my fingers through it. I had a quick look around for signs of nesting, I couldn’t see anything. I doubt that particular bird will return but it’s possible other birds will enter our shed during quiet months seeking refuge or looking for suitable nesting sites.
Once you’ve made it to your “safe zone” ,and established everyone is there, evaluate what you’ve brought with you. If you’ve done this in the middle of the night, take everything carried out and put it on the table. Do not add anything once you’ve returned to the house.
Can I just say that Ashley’s dog is so cute. I want him!
Her stinging perfume, enticing maquiller
ps-don’t make this if you are on a diet. This is not diet food.
And with its interaction
Best Moment this week: The week is not over but so far the best thing has been learning I've just entered into my 3rd trimester!
Here is a project I just made - with the help of my 4 year-old granddaughter. I got these printables from Daisy Company for the box and the candy wrappers - and used my new stamp set for the sentiment. It all ties together perfectly and I'm making them for all the girls at my husbands office for Christmas!
She says that cops are strongly discouraged from using modifiers in their reports, but,
Anxiety and stress, often as the result of a traumatic life event, are sometimes the cause of nightmares and bad dreams. Not all nightmare triggers have to be traumatic, however. Everyday stressors, such as job or financial anxiety, or major life transitions such as moving or divorce, can also cause nightmares.
-A compass (like the one you just gave your bard friend)
Then I would add some additional photoblog-esque commentary on the above photo:
There are just some things about people all the way around, in this country and in every other that you just can't like.
9. Hedonistic: excessive gratification of one’s desires
Yup, Ralph scared everyone in town, except for the local Chiropractor who fainted in shear happiness.
Well, in addition to the service, the food was delicious and when our waiter brought around the desserts to choose from, I opted for the crème brulee. I don’t know what possessed me to order that because I am NOT an adventuresome eater, but for some reason I thought it would have chocolate in it.
Despite the Academy Awards being a celebration of all things Hollywood, New York has actually hosted the Oscar ceremony on more than one occasion. Or rather, they co-hosted the event -- from 1953 to 1957 -- in a rare and soon abandoned bicoastal ceremony that taxed the mechanics of television's earliest production crews.
If one considers that the broadcasting rights of the IPL (Indian Premier League) were sold for US$ 1.026 billion and the brand is reportedly valued at US$ 4.13 billion, this may have been an error in judgement by ProBatter, unless of course the bowling application was never foreseen. (Note: the above figures may be based on the opinion of Mr Lalit Modi, in which can a certain tolerance may need to be applied)
"Really what happened!?"
Be sure to follow my blog for future reviews and giveaways as well
Calling on someone by name immediately grabs that person’s attention. It makes them aware of the individual’s intent to engage in a conversation or to offer up a cordial greeting. Our names give us identity, a sense of self-worth, and sometimes our names offer up clues as to our ethnicity, the place we come from, the type of person we are or want to be. Occasionally our names even come with titles that allude to our education or type of job we are enjoying. Names are essential to mankind’s community and communicating with each other within that community. And so it is with our Creator.
Don Cheadle (Devil in a Blue Dress)
*Dress like a lizard and wear slippers….”Lounge lizard”
I received my copy free from the publisher at the AASL convetion.
I have once again been made acutely aware of the sacrifice that it is
of strangers, but come out from the rest, that they may follow Him without
“We don’t want this issue to create disharmony between teachers and students,” he said.
For the basecoat I used a very dark grey color, it´s called Antracita here. Really dark, no “blueish” tone whatsoever. After that I went with drybrush. You know this plastic minis have a very smooth surface. Metal minis usually have some texture, no matter how hard they try to make the part smooth. I don´t know if I´m making myself clear here. The point is that I did a very very detailed drybrush. By that I mean I used a small brush and went from a dark grey to a very light one. I did like 5 or 6 steps of grey (from dark to light)
The passion fruit juice can be really sweet, so dilute it with some water if required.
Come on over to The Crazy Challenge and play along, we have so outstanding inspiration this week by team and our guest designer Claudia.
peanut sesame noodles. now this is one peanut sauce i can make. easy peasy... i already have most ingredients here in the house. how good does that look. click here for the recipe.
Tools: Martha Stewart Branch Punch. Nesties Large Rectangles and Large Scalloped Rectangles with Sizzix Big Shot. Paper Trimmer
ブッダ：ビールが必要だね。
Seriously, if anyone ever has seen her TV show, "Roseanne" a bulk of episodes deal with how the government does not understand or care about the middleclass. Even if she could only run for a lower government position, I believe she could do some good. he only thing I'd worry about is her getting support from the House of Senate and what not, since she does not want to run as Republican or Democrat. It's highly doubtful she could make it in the proper running, but it's definitely a nice thought.
I have two daughters, so I knew I was going to write a heroine. But I wanted the books to have a mythic quality, after all we’re talking about Templars and monsters and archangels. So I based Billi on the mythic heroines like Athene, like Boudica and the Rani of Jhansi, all powerful warriors as well as being female.
That’s why I am so bothered by the party’s recent loss of two up-and-coming Republicans: San Diego mayoral candidate Nathan Fletcher, currently a state assemblyman, and former assemblyman and current Congressional candidate Anthony Adams, both of whom left the party to become independents. On the one hand, I respect their standing up for principle. On the other, I hate to see them go.
Anyway, to cheer myself up, I bought chocolates hoping that they’ll make me feel better.
+ Take LOTS of water with you when hiking in a desert environment. (we did!)
Never sent We a messenger or a prophet before thee but when He recited (the message) Satan proposed (opposition) in respect of that which he recited thereof. But Allah abolisheth that which Satan proposeth. Then Allah establisheth His revelations. Allah is Knower, Wise;
And last but not least, my child is as cranky as they come this morning. Good God! What a lovely start to the weekend...
But I did want her to have at least PART of my imaginary Paris experience, so I used her pretty Paris stamp to make her birthday card.
I got out the small bag of gear but my thoughts were now on the needle Marge had produced yet kept a hold of. Not only was I concerned it may not be a fresh spike but was also worried because Marge had laid it down next to his own dirty needle. I wanted to be absolutely sure I got the supposedly clean one and that there would be no bizarre mix up. Into my spoon I emptied a 'junkie's half' of the bag. The rest I gave over to Marge. Together we cooked our hits to liquid.
Informed readers of “Models of Sickness and Disability” might wonder why something that has been repeatedly shown not to be a successful model is being promoted by a UK Government.
(Sunday Morning Edit – on the basis that the Sunday papers appear to have nothing else in them other than Rangers, I will follow the new developments up later – but I have typed this stuff, so it’s going in!)
It's not what you'd all classy but at least they're not "interpreting" the song, like they usually try to.
"You are the poorest, but also the richest," he said to her. "Come with me. You shall be my bride."
Let's attack it point by point. His biggest mistake: confusing the shilling Ales of the 19th century with the shilling Pale Ales of the 20th. Yes they were 60/- to 140/- or even 160/- Ales. But these were the thick sweet type of Ales than resembled Burton Ale.
That is my second “In my day” moment this week. The first was the posh frocks shop selling “Prom dresses”. In my day it was the school disco, and we did not particularly dress up. I’m too young for “In my day” moments!
1 subjected
and you can only use pictures from iPhoto, and iPhoto doesn’t work very, and even if it did it would still take a while, how does this work on the new computer QUESTION MARK?
You can roll it on or brush it on.
As you know, the frequency of the planet and of humanity’s energy signature is rising in preparation for the approaching New Age. The higher the frequency of an entity’s energy signature the more spiritually evolved that entity can become. A low frequency tends to be dense, almost leaden, and it is very difficult for Knowledge or Love to flow through it. Consequently, it is very difficult for beings whose frequency is low to communicate, and they get lost within themselves, rather like the proverbial ostrich with its head in the sand.
Pretty cool. C
And the melody that He gave to me
As Atlantic Yards Report suggests, she likely picked up her parlance directly from the developer. The Observer reports that Ms. Burden met with the developer/subsidy-collector Bruce Ratner only a few months before her remark. (See: Ratner Meets With Burden, by Matthew Schuerman, September 6, 2006) comments. According to that report Burden “wouldn’t give her own thoughts” but said of Ratner and Atlantic Yards “he did not mention scaling it back.”- (If you check your dates, the scaling-back reference is because this is exactly when the drama of the project’s faux size-reduction was taking center stage.)
Wild organ, fast and hard drums, out of control tenor sax—this was the sound of East Coast Young America. Jerry Gross, Arnie Silver and Mike Freda join in:
Buying Guide
Here is Block #1 of the Vintage Rouge 6 month BOM program by Marcus Brothers.
Mix together 3 1/2 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 1/2 teaspoons cream of tartar and a dash of freshly ground nutmeg. Make a well in the center and add 1 cup shortening, 1 egg, 1 cup sugar, 1/2 cup milk and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla. Mix well.
Most American Colonists were English, so most Colonial homes are derived from English styles. The earliest were based on old medieval homes, easily identified by simple massing, a few small windows, and massive chimneys. The New England saltbox with its lower back roofline is a common adaptation of the medieval style; Dutch Colonials have similar massing but are distinguished by their distinctive gambrel roof style.
An advent reflection through sacred sound and Silence
Lloyd George . Depn. y’day from B’ham. No objn. to them as workers. But qua housing. Figures are impressive.
Beervana - was a phrase coined in Oregon to describe the burgeoning craft beer movement that had taken hold here in the 1980s. And indeed, it's an apt description, as those who are actively involved in the beer community think of it a near-religious experience to make and enjoy well-made brew.
For he commandeth, and raiseth the stormy wind, which lifteth up the waves thereof.
Thank you Mom for never saying I told you so, even when you should have.
Herman and Eva Althaus moved their family across country from Illinois to settle in Roseburg, Oregon in about 1909. Herman had a plumbing shop.
At the United Nations headquarters, leaders of the world voiced their dissatisfaction that none of the UN members did anything big to ensure that the moment would be celebrated next year onwards.
If the left doesn’t like what you have to say, they will ignore, demean, accuse without proof, libel, shout down discussion, ignore the talking points and create their own, accuse without proof using lawfare, create their own reality while ignoring facts to uphold their elitism, sue, and never, ever, debate face to face on neutral ground because that’s now how the left operates. Where the right would let the populace within a democracy decide their own fate, the left believes their point of view usurps the majority for their own good. Read the rest at Clay and WaterSun News is a bastion of free speech in Canada, and it is under attack for speaking the truth about islamic supremacist and leftist tyranny. There is an organized campaign to have the Canadian government shut them down, in yet another Orwellian push to stifle the voices of political dissent and silence those who stand for liberty.
Among this list of a few dozen I actually got to check one off recently. It was Eat Sushi. Despite my fears to the contrary (with one minor exception) not bad, at all. It didn’t taste anything like chicken.
I spoke to half a dozen of the vendors and they were all pleased with the crowd turn out. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE have the V & E Greenline Artwalk event again! We loved it.
green onions for a pesto potato salad.
A month ago JCK's cozy little world was turned upside down. Her sweet 7 year old boy came home and uttered the completely unexpected, yet dreaded phrase... Mommy, I know what the "F" Word is. Henceforth known in the Motherscribe household as the day the world was tossed asunder or Oh, GOD, NOOO...not the "F" Word.
BONUS POINTS: listing atheist scholars who support each minimal fact, discussing N.T. Wright’s work on the Jewish concept of resurrection, referencing Richard Bauckham’s work on the gospels as eyewitness testimony, mentioning the pre-suppositions (naturalism, relativism) of liberal scholars like Crossan and Borg.
I’m certain that I’ve given, and oh how you can take
Previously, i had shared in [L]ife [M]anagement that i maintain specific spreadsheets to aid me in controlling my budget and other aspects of life.
A business owner’s policy (BOP) might be the perfect fit for your small business insurance needs. Make sure you understand exactly what is and what is not covered and if needed, secure additional coverage to fill in any gaps. By leveraging the cost savings provided by BOP coverage, businesses can ensure they have the protection they need at a price they can afford.
Mega Millions Mojo
lot people that if you strike your pup at the rear-end every time he barks, you will presently discover that he s not supposed to roar. This method, although successful, could make your pup live in dread of being physically reprimanded, and steal the grade of a person’s romantic relationship.
Summary of the day: I ate michiotes (you gotta try them, they’re SO good!), let my kid jump around in the bouncy castle like a madwoman on a hopping spree and entertained both myself and her with the clown. A Saturday well spent.
juice of 1 orange
I have business idea which involves fabric which I am very excited about. I am currently putting together a business plan to see if I can take it further. That is really exciting. Even my other half thinks its a good idea!
The truth is, if you aren't living as an ethical vegan, you are paying other human animals to imprison your fellow animals, to murder their babies and to murder them...to keep them from the 'available to all' pleasures of the Earth. Or maybe you're committing those horrors yourself, directly...I don't know.
This is considered illegal in Cuba, as it is in many counties, including the United States and, as the document explains, the accused has acknowledged his responsibility for the crimes committed.
Things like that is what have women doing too much….. people expecting too much and making us FORGET OUR ROLES as women.
Usually, your employees will acknowledge the issue, and could even be relieved that you brought it up and are not trying to avoid it! Furthermore, if your employee is the one who raises the issue — congratulations! That is a clear sign that your relationship is worth the time it takes to preserve it.
While I sound positive, my heart hurts.
Cost: $9 million
Ben's dog is very pleased that I just gave her a new bone to chew on lol. Her name is Hershey and she misses her family VERY much. She didn't eat for the first couple of days. Now she's sleeping upstairs in Ben's room with me, eating her food, playing outside, and happy to have a bone. She doesn't like it when *I* leave to go home for a little bit though. She's taken things from Ben's room a couple of times, gotten into the trash, etc.
Also saw this enamelled spider (Araneus bradleyi), and lots of butterflies.
But when the international community treats the Jewish state with contempt, Israelis tend to reciprocate. The result is a stiffening of hard-line attitudes.
A Song
Like the video, donate to Oceana and give these types of organisations any support you can!
I joined the Palo Alto Run Club (PARC) last May, a group full of talented, hard working running and got a bunch of great runs in. Those "easy" five milers where we'd start hitting 6:25, 6:10 pace I think paid off. Do enough 6:25 miles in your regular runs, and it'll start seeming like nothing. And there's something about the shared experience of a run with others that makes all the hard work more meaningful.
So remember if you want you find yourself absorbed into the world of magic pick up the series of Harry Potter.
To cry or To read?
Here is what I believe God showed me this morning.
You see, for me there will be no spring – not as you know it, anyway. There will be no winter either. Instead I will go beyond the parts, rising up into the clouds, soaring through the pink and the blue, merging with the vastness of infinity - that from which I sprung - as you did too.
PUBLISHING NEWS:
I really really do love character design, and this comic totally pushes me into animation even more so. I just got accepted to SCAD- and they have a great animation program! I'm so excited! (and also nervous~~!)
And you, my father, there on the sad height,
Here are some comments backing the campaign:
perpetual water shortage.
Sierra LaMar, you will remain in our hearts and in the press until there is resolve to your disappearance.
Drying food has been practiced since ancient times. Initially, salting and drying in the sun, an open room or on stove tops were common methods. It wasn’t until 1795 that the first dehydrator was introduced in France.
but only words
Another hour and I’m still here
A while ago a friend of mine sent me a YouTube video entitled ‘Try something new for 30 days’. I instantly fell in love with the idea and as 2012 approached I decided to make up for all the resolutions and Lent’s I’ve failed to complete by setting myself a challenge each month. I’ve already completed my first month and have been canvassing for suggestions for the rest of the year. One suggestion was to keep a blog diary every day for a month. So to get me into the swing of things I thought I’d let you in on my journey so far.
I rationalize this choice by convincing myself
First up is Nikki Sivils, Scrapbooker's new lines! I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE her new papers, stickers and there are so many of them!!! I had so much fun creating these projects with them. Here is my birdhouse with 2 birdies that are holding a cute banner (from her papers!). It's using the new Summer line.
Kirsty
those summer storms swelling
But now the shadows are all gone. Don’t think for a minute that cancer won that battle. Yesterday, Ralph’s cancer was buried in the ground for good—it’s done, it’s over, it can’t do him anymore harm. And what about Ralph? Well, you remember what Jesus said to Martha as they stood next to Lazarus’ grave? “I am the resurrection and the life. He that believes in me, though he were dead yet shall he live. He that lives and believes in me will never die.” Ralph lived and believed in the Lord, and that means that Ralph is alive and well with the Lord today. It may not look like it on the surface, and it doesn’t much feel like it right now in our hearts, but Ralph won that battle with cancer, and he’s taking his victory lap in heaven even now. You know, heaven—that place where cancer can never find its way in.
03) Kashmir (Led Zeppelin
After Revelation of Jesus Christ 22:21 I have great doubt they knew that they were doing.
The most common types of examinations conducted in this category are:
Al Gore's Internets are a perfectly viable place to establish lasting friendships.
It's official: I am going to be pregnant forever. Yes, I will be the first woman in history to carry her baby for decades.
"You know what I think? she says.
Daddy and I could have never imagined the joy you would bring into our lives. And we would have never believed that at age 8 you would be in the middle of a fundraising goal to help people you might never meet. Its thrilling to see your relationship with God grow, and a blessing to be able to see Him challenge you through this. We love you.
So, no, we don’t hate the rich. What we hate are the predators.
When you blame the victim of a crime, you put your own perceptions and judgments ahead of their assault.
Saturday, September 26th is Museum Day, sponsored by The Smithsonian. Their web site has a place you can click to print yourself a free admission pass for two to any participating museum.
- Snacks. My hubby was starving the whole two days. And seriously, how many fruit cups can you eat before you never want to see another one again?
“His message is kept in the hearts of humans,” he continued. “How broken and frail are we that he has placed his most precious gift? Yet, he asks us to keep it safe and spread it around for everyone else.”
Today, though, I just want to think about the little tragedies: the lives not lived, the loves not loved, the dreams that were dreamed but not realized. That is the saddest part, really. Today I want to live in their honor.
Note: If you have trouble linking, try entering the link to your card, then choosing From File instead of From Web. Then just browse to where your picture is saved on your computer to get your thumbnail.
Well I needn't have been because on arrival you could tell instantly that the stars where brighter and there where lots of them, and although its not really the right time of year we could definitely make out the edges of the Milky Way.
The Finish - The finish was about as cruel as the finish of Marine Corps. While there was no mountain to climb at Mile 26, there were somewhere between 5 and 8 inflatable arches...all of which I thought were the finish and kept sprinting toward. When I finally saw the Finish Line (still with about 3 arches to run under), I saw a bunch of little kids lining up in front of the barricades. There was a man in front of me who ran over to one of them, a little boy about 5 years old, grabbed his hand and ran across the Finish Line hand in hand with his son. I started tearing up and when I finally crossed, I was so emotional. I had done it. I had run Madrid. I finished my 4th marathon. I ran an unbelievable first 20 miles, well on pace for a sub-4 race. I never lost that sub-4. I never fell apart but when the realization came that my body couldn't run a sub-4 marathon after 3 weeks of eating and sleeping poorly, I didn't give up. I pushed through and I finished strong.
The job.
11And I, brethren, if I yet preach circumcision, why do I yet suffer persecution? then is the offence of the cross ceased.
#2 ~ Manganese Blue Archival Ink
The app is available for download from the iTunes Store, and until midnight Saturday, April 28, it’s available for just 99¢ in honor of Earth Week (regular price is USD $2.99). So be sure to grab your copy today for your i-device!
a big part of my classroom!
Whew. I went to bed at 7 last night and I'm feeling much better. I basically relied on fake enthusiasm to get through the day, and it worked. No major meltdowns (which have been almost daily for one of mine lately) and my lowest kid finally made it past 50 words a minute! (Yes, the goal for the end of the year is 90, but he was stuck in the high 20's/ early 30's for so long that this is a HUGE victory!)
I unconsciously transform, and I consciously rebuild.
It used to be called illegitimacy. Now it is the new normal. After steadily rising for five decades, the share of children born to unmarried women has crossed a threshold: more than half of births to American women under 30 occur outside marriage.
1/2 cup half-and-half
QUOTE---Captain Aceveda "You need to cool down and step back from this"
CD: TIC?
I've had quite a few of you ask me how I've been, and how I've been feeling.
When I try to imagine this from the perspective of Matt Epling’s family I’m not sure if I want to vomit or hit someone.
How can I attract my own attention, since I obviously should go take a bath now and get in bed also?
John 1:1 Before time itself was measured, the Voice was speaking. The Voice was and is God. (The Voice New Testamament)
Once you bring a photo in, you have access to many types of frames and the ability to make the frames rounded or bigger. You can also crop the photo freely or crop at a certain ratio.
For the past several years, I have celebrated Chinese New Year in my classroom. My school has a decent number of Chinese children, and I always have a couple in my class. Their faces light up when they find out we are spending the day learning about their culture.
February 1st- current (continued to use the Body By Vi programming)
Last night I was delighted to attend the launch party for Shelley Harris's debut novel, Jubilee. Shelley is living, breathing proof that debut novelists are still being published if they have talent, commitment and dedication. Shelley has bucketloads of all three and thoroughly deserves her success.
Madness showcased songs from their brand new, as yet untitled, tenth studio album, in all its glory during their 'rehearsal set' this past Friday night at the House of Fun Weekender in the U.K. As with ‘The Liberty of Norton Folgate’ which the band performed live a full year before its release, Madness gave the new album tracks an early airing in their embryonic state for their most hardcore fans who attended the show. Quite a few of the songs have been played live during the band's summer tour, but it was the live debut for more than half the songs on the set list.
Not sure what our plans are for today.
The day I went to meet a man with chickens
To begin with, the film is directed by one of my favourite directors Darren Aronofsky. Secondly, I’m obsessed with Audrey Hepburn. So seeing Natalie Portman in a evil Hepburn-esque getup in the movie’s first still that I saw intrigued me.
Everything looks so yummy! And they last forever once they’re made.
Last Saturday we had another Hugs and Kisses class at Treehouse Textiles. Five gorgeous women, piles of beautiful fabrics, amazing food and lots of coffee and treats all added up to a wonderful day. One of the things I have really taken away from these classes is the inspiration and enjoyment you get from seeing how other crafters put together their fabric and colour choices.
let my life be dots and dashes,
4 chance
His is thick black suiting material (gabardine?) lined with a mad Union Jack print because he is fiercely patriotic and because it makes me think of sensible waistcoats with secret hidden outrageous linings.
2010.08.31 India Kishtwar 1 0 A cop is murdered inside his home by Hizb-ul- Mujahideen.
For so many years, I was so incredible in manifesting anything that I wanted in my world. I would write it in my journal, I would visualize it and I would believe it. Within 3 months, 6 months, or any time frame I set, it would show up. I know manifestation works because I’ve done it, tried it and succeeded at it. And now I’m taking a really deep, long breath, breathing into my heart and soul and being and just knowing that the right people, the right opportunities and clients are going to all come. I need to get out of my own way of any negative feelings and self-doubt. I mean, listen, I’m human. I know I need some of that or else I’d be on the stratosphere to the moon.
Harkaway’s writing is mindbogglingly imaginative: memorable characters, logic-defying (yet never quite illogical) plotting, and unpredictable twists. Angelmaker is much like a finely-built baroque clock: gazillions of pieces in constant movement, adding up to something gorgeous.
What I loved most about this flick was how the fighting, action, and blood were filled with so much energy and were better than half of the shit I’ve seen in the past 10 years, that I wanted more of it. Right from the beginning we get a nice little fight between The Bride and her second target on her list and it seems goofy because of all of the swooshing you hear when they move, but it’s so vicious and so brutal that it’s hard to laugh especially when these chicks are very close to just gutting the other person out. It’s a very minor scene but it’s one that starts the film off on the right foot and the action just keeps getting better by getting more vicious, more violent, and a hell of a lot more bloody. The blood is insane in this flick and it may be a bit ridiculous how Tarantino just makes every single kill have blood shoot out from these people, but it still gives this film this cool and deadly look that could only be achieved with an R-rating. Actually, it’s more of a very hard R-rating, one that only Tarantino can get because he’s the freakin’ man.
It is described as the realisation of the nature that each human being already is, as if an inverted and limited experience of life and of reality suddenly gives way to the all encompassing experience of the world as it truly is, the deeper and universally encompassing reality described by mystics, poets and saints throughout the ages from all races and all religions. And for the first time, suddenly, the words of religions and of the mystics, are comprehendible.
4. Measure juice. If you have two cups, use 1 & 1/3 cups sugar. Otherwise, adjust sugar amount accordingly.
Well, maybe you’ll think that I’m totally crazy, but please think about it. Ever since I started to read 1/2 Prince and I saw that he sings (as you’ll find out later that he has a band), I always campared him to G-Dragon. Yeah, I know that Prince sings really different songs, but I still compared them. I always imagined how Prince is singing ‘She’s Gone’. XDDD Oh, but everything got really complicated when I saw this pic of G-Dragon… O_O
As he continued walking a distance, his daughter who had been resting her head on his shoulder, suddenly looked up just in time to witness the first stars slowly becoming visible in the approaching night sky. She looked from the sky to her father and asked, “Papa, where do I come from?”
1 can (14-1/2 oz.) diced tomatoes, undrained
Started work for my first internship two weeks ago. So far, it’s been pretty good – I’ve been going to the office on a part-time basis, and I’m working directly with the CEO. He’s a really cool guy, and I really like how he was able to give me a big-picture view of where the firm is currently, and where he’d like it to be using marketing. Also, I found out that I’ll be traveling to Washington, D.C., for a week with the firm after finals! Exciting stuff.
meanwhile 100 grams of crushed raspberries and pour into the batter and mix well, pour the batter evenly into the mold and put into the oven for 20 minutes do not forget to check the center of the cake with a toothpick to a level of maturity at minute 15 after being cooked allow up to 10 minutes
Publisher: Virtualnye Prostranstva LLC
The CIA, established in 1947 by President Harry S. Truman, is “an independent US Government agency responsible for providing national security intelligence to senior US policymakers.”
So here's the real question...Where do these worlds collide in my day to day activities? For me- it's simple...my Journal is a list of all my scrapbooking projects and the names of all my imaginary kittens.
Beth’s new blog, http://www.bethevansramos.wordpress.com/, will function as her website/blog combo. A sidebar calendar will have the venues she’ll be appearing at for speaking engagements and teaching workshops.
Bad Medicine
Starting with a wonderful loaf of going-stale bakery bread, I put together a recipe that I know will make its way into my breakfast repertoire on special occasions. When, I have a breakfast/brunch menu consisting of the usual sweet options (scones, muffins, fruit etc.), I plan on using this recipe to balance and offer guests a surprising and delightful twist on a classic.
Thus, what I have put together in the cake is what I feel in my opinion; arguably one of the best mango cake that you have ever taste. Although the recipes are not mine per say, however I always go to my trusted and tested recipes whenever I try to put a cake together. If you love mango plus it's another perfect summer treat, do read on for the recipe. I am sure your friends and family will be asking for seconds to third helpings. Enjoy!
Now the FIRST and MOST important thing to remember is that women respond to Confidence. The way you succeed is with this simple formula: 10 % what you say and 90% how you say it!
well-anchored calm, respect & humble discipline
'All by myself....don't wanna be...all by myself...anymore, anymore, anyyyyymooooorrrrre,' I am screeching Bridget Jones style.
Compared to these states, America has a special problem. These other countries are largely the result of “organic” historical processes that pushed their different populations together. America, by contrast, is much more the product of far-ranging economic processes, like Trans-Atlantic emigration from Europe and the African slave trade overlaid with modern mass immigration. Because of this different racial elements have been thrown together, and are much more disparate in character. This creates much greater ‘asymmetry’ in the differing racial characteristics, especially between Blacks and Whites.
Peel and slice beets very thinly or use a mandoline
Dang that blue dress.
That said, this is a big example of Not Getting It. Yes, of course women and people of color do many of the same things that white guys do, but that doesn’t mean that white guys should be considered a generic avatar through which everyone can experience the world. Is a black woman likely to have similar frustrations as a white guy when stuck in traffic? Probably. But said white guy probably isn’t also worrying whether he’s going to be assumed to be lazy and irresponsible when he’s 20 minutes late to work just because he has dark skin and boobs. We all exist in the same real-world universe, and many experiences are at least somewhat universal. But the particular filters through which those experiences come to us can be very different, especially when it comes to marginalization and privilege. Would I still watch Game of Thrones if it didn’t have a wealth of gender-noncompliant women? Probably. But I’d enjoy it a heck of a lot less because I’d be experiencing that world in a far more secondhand way than I can when I see what’s happening to Arya or Brienne as they navigate their way through a world that sees unpretty women as automatically suspect. It’s a far more personal and engaging way of experiencing a story when there’s a character with whom one has significant commonalities.
Open Boat Time
Front of Card:
rumble. rattle.
ANGELS
Menehune Longboard Final 14 & Under, M/F)
1 pound sea scallops (make sure you buy them dry and not wet, as wet have been soaked in water and will not brown as readily in the pan.
Do you still feel accepted?
"Your decision to resign from the government demonstrates the importance you attach to your integrity.
Con Ed has plans to tear down the plant.
And—here’s the positive part--we both added a lot of muscle. My biceps now have stretch marks. Women who work with my wife ask in awe if they can touch her arms. I can see actual ab muscles, even if they’re somewhat obscured by my something-less-than-flat midsection. After walking by a mirror at home, we sometimes have to stop because we see a new calf or shoulder muscle that we’ve never noticed before.
“When I walked passed a pack of police officers on both sides, they punched and kicked me,” Wong Chin Huat, one of the leaders of the Bersih electoral reform movement, told the news website Malaysiakini.
Let me tell you a little secret. A real Master of karate is very humble, respectful, and doesn't tell anyone about his skills. That way if he's forced to use them, the inevitable butt-kicking is a big surprise. I was bothered by a so-called karate expert once. I had finally had enough and confronted him. The final straw had been when he grabbed my wife's posterior. As I moved towards him, he stepped back, got into some weird stance, raised his hands and said,
Day 2: Breakfast
If that happened here?
Port Brewing Company / Pizza Port Older Viscosity
And write them.
And the sugar kit is a very eclectic mix of papers from the new Amy Tangerine line from American Crafts, which I loved when I first saw it. I love how the papers all go together but aren't matchy matchy and there are some fun brights but lots of neutrals. One of the papers has real stitching on it too.
And he has stood his ground. Running behind the wagon while standing his ground, note, and not running to the loo.
The thermal baths included latrines and, in the most developed type, a pool and gymnasium. They were often furnished with open spaces and gardens and played an integral part of the peoples lives for this is not only where they bathed but also where they met to socialize.
I sliced the loaf horizontally into two, spread some meat sauce (minced beef cooked with some chopped onions and ready made tomatoe-based pasta sauce...very much like cooking a simple bolognese sauce) and topped it with mozzarella cheese before popping it into the oven. The meal was prepared under 15 minutes...with minimal preparation, cooking, and cleaning.
So I was pleased to see preservation when I visited Newcastle East.
Carter, shut it. I’ll get you back.
Leaving my heart with no strings and leaving my name etched in mud.
This Week In the past week Israeli forces staged four nighttime raids into the village of Nabi Saleh, arresting three, two of them minors.
I finished my stupid paper. It sucks. When it comes to really short essay type stuff I get angered. I have a big mouth, and I like to blab about a lot of things. Short papers make me feel like someone put a muzzle on me.
FAILED!
Knowing that we would be getting a new batch of chicks this spring, I contacted a few people and asked them if they would answer some interview questions. In return I told them, I would christen one of our new baby chicks after them. Just imagine, having a chicken named after you living in southern New Hampshire.
Over the next few entries, we’re going to take a look at the incredible benefits of approaching God as a dad. For now, turn your computer off, put the cell phone down, and run into the arms of your Daddy!
The public was pleased to know all is well with their beloved Queen, and to hear it from her own sweet feline lips.
That Math and Art is not connected.
I sure do miss Him.
AF: Don’t get eaten. #RunForYourLife
There is no randomness in the arrangement of those words in that statement. I never understood the order of the words nor did I ever bother to understand, rhetorically, parrot like, repeating the statement to everyone and anyone who had ears to hear – within context of course, but without much thought.
The thought was sobering. As the camp grew, problems grew. It became more difficult to maintain order. There were many women alone or with children. There were a number of teenage girls quickly turning into women. Hood had noted the looks of many of the single men. It was natural but it was dangerous. Among other things, they were all sitting on a hormonal powder keg, its fuse lit by a collapse of society and its rules and norms. There were still remnants of the social mores of civilization, but many of them, like the economies of now-bankrupt nations, were teetering on the brink. One small nudge in the wrong direction … one minor crack in the code of discipline and the Freeman Militia Center could quickly turn into something ugly.
That’s trillion, with a T.
So we trooped back home and hoped for the best. But we kept getting calls every evening from relatives who called us from the hospital lobby, demanding to see her. And were horrified by the family’s absence!
But I've also realized how many times I was manipulated. My mistake was believing in him, and believing that love could conquer anything and everything. Yes, love can be wonderful and strengthening and buoying, but only if it works both ways. In my situation, it simply wasn't. He has no clue how to love. Call it a mental deficiency, a chemical imbalance, it doesn't matter. I gave my love to the wrong person. Plain and simple.
This should be a dedicated air superiority platform with no surface attack or reconnaissance rolls. It should be designed with dog fighting as its primary function and therefore have the agility to defeat any hostile aircraft it meets. Its attributes should include;
I see the vulnerable or arrogant you;
If you don’t like Zooey Deschanel, you’d probably turn down a free turkey leg at a festival.
The nurse came in and said my midwife was eating down the street and wanted to know my dilation. So I got out to be checked. She said I was a 4 1/2 cm and %80 effaced. I was immediately discouraged, and now knew why women choose not to be checked. I stayed out of the tub for a while and birthed on the birth ball, tried to walk around (standing in any way seriously made contractions hurt so much worse) even laid on the bed for a little bit. I was now moaning and even crying with each contraction. My nurse was monitoring them and confirmed they were 1 min apart sometime 30 seconds apart, lasting 60-90 seconds.
“When it was done,” he says, “it felt right, like an old friend I had lost was now back, and I felt a piece of me that had been missing for so long was home at last. I feared I’d have pangs of regret, but all I keep feeling is a sense of calm and wholeness.”
Image of: Disgraced cyclist Landis subject of fraud investigation
I'm hugely pleased and want to thank everyone who's been so supportive of my efforts on Facebook and Twitter and here on Raw Light over the past year. I know it can get confusing when I keep posting under different names, and people have been very patient and understanding about that.
* Bryn "forgetting" to give me her report card for three days and then opening it and finding out that she truly did forget - her grades were great.
Tickets to the luncheon are $10 per person, and available at the CVB Office at 707 Second Street. The CVB is taking R.S.V.P.s by phone at (318) 442-9546. Seating is limited.
On Day 8, we changed the price from $2.99 to $3.99 at 8:00 pm. This was our first book to test our strategy, and we delayed the price change until the book crossed out of triple-digit ranking. In hindsight, we likely waited too long, but the first test is always the scariest.
The thing is, I am still struggling with mental heath issues and not sure if returning to a social work job would be beneficial at this time. I find myself torn; wondering which side of the therapist’s desk I belong.
4.) “Shining”
The world has lost its greatest beer writer. Michael Jackson passed away this morning, aged 65. Michael became world-famous in the late 80s with his television series "The Beer Hunter" on Discovery Channel.
Now I'll be blunt: I write the following to clear up some misconceptions about Elwood's work that have been allowed to foster on the internet, with several assertions having gone unchecked for the better part of a decade. I did not know Mr. Elwood nor any of his detractors, but a few claims need to be corrected (and, with a handful of exceptions, I own almost every title from the period in question bearing Elwood's name);
He returns to India to pitch this idea to his fancy son, Ragiv (Apurva Agnihoti), who is of course amoral having been raised in the USA. But how to soften this blow to Ragiv? How can a lad raised in the pure and constant luxury of America understand and accept India, a developing country?
Thursday – Spinach lasagna, salad
By listening to the small voice in my heart I found my true north and I was able to soak in the day with my family. Letting go of the Hallmark version in my head let me see that perfectly imperfect was a true reflection of where we are right now and celebrating in this way was exactly what I needed to have gratitude and joy fill my heart instead of the funk.
They say as soon as people get to know that their land is to be acquired for afforestation, they jack up prices. “They hike rates three to four times, which gets beyond our reach,” they say.
Unfortunately I had to exchange it for a different dress. A dress that is actually $30 cheaper than the dress he bought.
Once the encaustic was done I used watercolor crayon to add the rest of the color. She was fun to do and now hangs over the wine rack in our kitchen.
Go Packers! (I'll get there by Sunday...)
Stay comfy, my friends.
This was done on the fly, made as one of 12 original pages for a documentation book of a cd swap. (It was #3.) The photograph is one of my signature old photographs; it always makes me smile. and I love how well it works in the spontaneous structure of the page.
Look at rap music - first, it was a music from the gutter, from the ghettos, angry music, detailing the daily struggle to survive, the depression, the hatred of the system that kept a young black man down, and then...
"Yeah, but don't you know Jorge is getting a million bucks for doing this?" a voice interjected in the hopes of deflating my euphoria with a green dart of jealousy.
commercial/what people want
My own scarlet vesture beneath my breast.
Alli on the top bunk with me kept whispering under her breath different songs all the while sticking her finger in my toes (I hate my feet touched.).
Favorite Resident: "well damn...I'll order one for first thing tomorrow then...yeah...you're right...if this is a result of his Other Medical Problems, this could be something where he's going to need help..."
There are two reasons why these rationalizations annoy me so much. One, people always assume the best case scenario if one circumstance goes their way.
I am very fortunate to have a very loving partner. We have been together for 12 years now. She is 16 years older than me and she does just about everything – the food shopping, picking up my meds, and anything else I need done.
1. League of Legends (Hereby referred to as LoL) is a MOBA. You control just 1 unit most of the time, and it’s called a hero/champion/macguffit. Dawn of War (Hereby referred to as DoW), you control armies. Many people. HANDLE THEM.
Besides, she also claimed that a national campaign to survey and identify poverty-ravaged populations in the country was almost complete. That presupposes that the campaign had long started. According to her, the survey will inform and direct strategies for addressing poverty within each segment of Nigeria’s population, including the elderly, women, children and persons with disabilities. A UN news release also quoted Dr. Gbeneol to have said that the one year cash transfer policy for poor families in Nigeria is one of the success stories of President Jonathan’s administration, with 113 local governments in the country as beneficiaries.
0:15: Cue cards would probably work better than a piece of paper that you glance down at.
Below, we are walking from the Guest House to the Director’s office. The head of the Guest House took us the most direct route–through a construction zone! Kim is holding our gift to the Director–a Penn State mug and key chain.
We left bright and early this A.M. for market in Atlanta. My sweet mother-in-law is babysitting and letting me spend one night away! Thank you!!!!!
1 softball-sized onion, chopped
It really all began two years before we moved to Portland, about four years ago. I moved to Lake Louise, and shortly after, Ty followed. It was one of the most beuatiful places I have ever lived. But friends? They were practically non existent. How could they be? The culture there is party town. Everyone got drunk. Moste everyone did drugs and slept around. We were the token christians. I tried. believe me, I tried. But people just viewed me as naive and cute.
Schools of social work, and associations of social workers, have a vested interest in making social work sound grand and glorious. Let me put it this way: if you want to get your janitors excited about their job, and if you want to inveigle others into hiring on for the same, you don’t dwell upon the part that involves cleaning the toilet. Instead, you characterize it as facilitation of world-class organizational systems within an industry-leading milieu. If you want people to become social work students and then to graduate and become dues-paying members of your social work association, that is, you impress upon them the solemn significance of such affiliations.
Que quedando Virgen Pura,
In addition to the Starbucks vandalism, a group of about 150 were seen tipping garbage cans and spray-painting anarchist symbols on storefronts, sources said.
Joseph was faced with choosing a door towards his own escape or trusting God to offer a door and path beyond his own initial understanding. What questions and answers did he face from the public? What possible answers did he seek from God, and more importantly, Mary? I imagine Joseph’s initial thoughts and approach to solving this for himself would be no different than our own approach today. Perhaps, Joseph sought quiet solitude as well as experienced feelings of confusion and anger? What would be your self dialogue? Who would you talk to about such a dilemma? Eventually Joseph had his questions answered. Text from the book of Matthew brings into account Josephs dream encounter with an Angel of God explaining simply, “Do not be afraid to take Mary as your wife, for she has conceived a son which is from the Holy Spirit.” Could this have been the point where he really questioned his own faith?
And there was joyaunce in their sound.
Catalogue Listing
That girl in the red dress? She played happy really well. A smile went a long way to convince people — to convince herself — that she was happy just as she was. She was uncomfortable in her own skin, and she was missing out on a lot. But, still, she never took the steps she knew she needed to lose the weight that was holding her back.
this is an organic pumpkin,
1 droolin'
My sweet Connor James, you are one month old! This past month has been so bittersweet (mostly sweet though!). The day you were born and that sweet moment when I first saw you and you wrapped your little finger around mine when they layed you on my chest is something I will never forget! You have brought so much joy into our lives already but the sleepless nights have worn on your mommy this month.
You do know how to invest in the right place at the right time.
She cloth diapers! Her daughter is in cloth, so of course my son is in cloth with her too!
It's 4:30 in the morning, and this is what happens. I mean, I had a moderately arid day... did some Christmas arcade and sat around, mostly. But I did administer to achieve something 9-year-old me is air-conditioned appreciative of, I'm sure.
At night, we went to Paul’s cousin’s house where we spent the evening with his aunts, uncles and cousins.
noticing where there is a need
The small scapulars with which we are familiar as sacramentals owe their origin to a reduction of the large scapulars that formed part of the habit of Religious Orders and Congregations. This scapular was another of the scapulars approved during the reign of Pope Leo XIII without a confraternity. Although it was never the habit of any Order or Confraternity the Congregation of the Daughters of the Sacred Heart, founded at Antwerp in 1873 created this scapular in 1877 and were responsible for its promotion (Acta S. Sedis, XXXII, 633 sq.). It was approved at the request of the Archbishop of Marseilles, by the S. Congregation of Rites in 1900. Indulgences were granted to those who wear it habitually in 1901 and were enlarged in 1906.
A. Persistent deficits in social communication and social interaction across contexts, not accounted for by general developmental delays, and manifest by all 3 of the following:
Time for the Masters picks. Feel free to throw these guys out of your pool because I never pick any winners.
We seem of no use in the world;
And the bill came up to something close to 2k. Umm...no, I want the $875 doors please. Apparently the door prices were mis-marked, but he did go through door company after door company, and threw in promo after promo to get us down to the $875 price. We had a 10% off coupon too, and he told us to go up to the service desk to pay for it, and we could use it there. Apparently they're not allowed to double dip, but if you go up to the service desk to pay, they don't know that there's been promotions applied already to the door, so you can generally get away with using another 10% off coupon.
To answer this question, follow along the conversation, that I had with our beloved 5 year old son, Reuben, last afternoon.
My handpainted chandelier in my kitchen. It was one of my first ones, and not perfect by a LONG shot, but I love it so much! Looking back, I kinda want to retake the pictures. I think my picture taking skills have vastly improved since and do not do it justice!
KTLA reported that after buying beer, a pregnant attorney talking to her husband on her celphone, was coming out of Trader Joes, blinded by the rain, and drove her speeding Hummer into the raging LA River and double-drowned.
BRISTOL: Just don’t do it again.
M: Some titles are real words, some are names, and some are nonsense. Like "Sogg," right?
If you have questions about assignments or upcoming events. Please ask!
It's anything but simple, and I'd be lucky for them to call me their friend.
Some people know, others don't, but both me and my son were in mental hospitals within about the last 30 days. I had only been out for 2 days before he went in. Is it because of life issues or medication issues, or both? It feels like only I am asking that question. I don't feel good and I am not sure why. I have lots of guesses.
She would have loved it so.
“Mr. Doyle. I can imagine how strange this all may seem.”
Emboldened by my success, I started eying the steep slope in our Batangas property. I shook my head, No it’s too crazy, that slope is too steep. But I couldn’t resist the challenge. I thought to myself, I can easily stop the bike once it reaches the garage. I’ll just put my foot down. I went up the slope and rode my bike. It was so fun until I needed to stop. I put my foot down, but the friction between my tsinelas and the ground destroyed my tsinelas. I used my other foot to stop the bike, but my other tsinelas was destroyed. I was barefoot. Without my tsinelas, I knew that if I put my foot down, the ground would cut through my skin. The bike was going faster and faster as I went down the slope. I was afraid that I would go straight to the talahib an area where snakes waited.
Well, I know the digi is called Canary Love not Bluebird Love and I had the intention of coloring the bird yellow but somehow grabbed the wrong Copic and well, now I have a Bluebird. But at least he matches her eye color. I also added some glossy accents to the heart, rose, buttons and the red around her legs.
1. J.Crew "and I quote"NEW AND UPDATED WEBSITE. My arse! Ok for about 2 weeks, I couldn't even pull up J.Crew, then it was all "NULL/$" and "No sizes" - ARGGGHHH. Then, my hub said try viewing it through Internet Explorer (instead of Firefox, which I use) - which helped, I got to see the sizes of the clothing for sale but it was sooooo slow.
And there you will see your reflection.
Can you try to push to amend legislation about how many terms that a president is able to serve because I miss you! Now granted, a great deal of people still have you as a tainted president due to your marital transgressions against your wife and I am NOT condoning what you like other politicians have done. HOWEVER – This country’s statistics do not lie and you obtained financial freedom and pushed a great deal of legislation to get passed for the betterment of ALL people especially minorities – so thank you. ( The African American Community still have you pinned as the 1st Black President and you know why ) Anyway, I am positive that you have also thought about wishing that the bi -laws were different via presidency as well because watching your wife Hillary Clinton in her present position is as close as you will get to running The White House Affairs.
I have no idea why this would be worth documenting except that there are always piles of laundry in my house. Perhaps it has become an integral part of what makes a place "home". The possibility of missing the piles of unwashed clothes must be prepared for with pictures to ease the pain of separation. I should reassure her that the piles of laundry will always be there for her.
The lightly-raced West End Rocker emerged as a strong candidate for John Smith’s Grand National honours when victorious in the Grade Three totesport.com Classic Chase at Warwick in January last season. The now 10-year-old sold for 2,000 euros as a foal at Tattersalls Ireland in November, 2002, and then in 2006 Michael Green paid 3,600 guineas for him at Brightwells Ascot July Sale. The gelding won one of four starts in point-to-points before making his debut under Rules for trainer Alan King and owners Barry Winfield and Andrew Longman (who paid
of my knowledge and ability, I will support and defend the Constitution
I hope you all have had a great weekend!
Purpose:
Other supporting acts:
Who woulda thunk it?
Normally, I would have hummed and hawed over ticket prices, timing, work, and such… but my gut just told me to do as I was told and make everything easier on my man who’s heart was just broken.
Tried to get up early Tuesday morning, managed to convince myself to sleep in a little, haha.
Here's the trailer:
While riding in the elevator, gasp dramatically every time the doors open.
Read CA, Mohsen A, Nguyen-Van-Tam J, McKendrick M, Kudesia G. Outbreaks of influenza A in nursing homes in Sheffield during the 1997 - 1998 season: implications for diagnosis and control. Journal of Public Health Medicine 2000; 22: 116-120.
"We meet again, Watcher," said the Doctor.
Zechariah 14:3-4; “Then shall the LORD go forth, and fight against those nations, as when he fought in the day of battle. 4 ¶ And his feet shall stand in that day upon the mount of Olives, which is before Jerusalem on the east, and the mount of Olives shall cleave in the midst thereof toward the east and toward the west, and there shall be a very great valley; and half of the mountain shall remove toward the north, and half of it toward the south.”
"Translation" by Dr Eyescope - to be taken with a grain of salt...
For one month practice being a supporter. You can do it… you know why? Because you’re a Supermom! You’ve got this; you’re in control of your emotions and you’re going to start spreading a little, extra positivity in the world! (Not to mention that you’ll be setting a great example for the kids to follow too. I’m working on this as a way to get the Munchkins to stop fighting with and tattling on each other all the time. Because frankly, their fighting and tattling drives me FREAKIN’ CRAZY!)
For those of you that don’t know….my bow maker is available for purchase on my right side bar.
Work on the arch had started at Buckingham Palace in the mid 1820s and it was completed by 1833. It was originally moved to replace Cumberland Gate as the new entrance to Hyde Park and to complement Decimus Burton’s arch at Hyde Park Corner. Successive roadworks in the 20th century, however, left it in its current position.
Lost the need…
A stunning and intricate beer, combining and contrasting the hoppiness of a Double IPA with the nutty aromatic caffeine hit of strong coffee. Stimulating.
Chit-chatting with her while she was picking up groceries picked me a bit as well.
Today, most farms are in receivership & the population has dropped to
I was in High School…a freshman to be exact. It was a Saturday evening, and it was really late. I was in Marching Band and we had a competition that night. We didn’t get back to the school until around Midnight. My best friend at the time had an older sister that drove, so she offered to take me home to save my Mom a trip at 12:30 in the early morning.
20 Over The Waves
In the fourteen years I spent at three universities in the 60s/70s I acquired a store of memories that resembles Kevin MacDonald’s, if at a greater distance from the radical Jewish milieu. I too perceived the radical politics, feelings of separateness and alienation, attitude of moral and intellectual superiority, hostility to Western cultural institutions, ethnic paranoia and bunker mentality, disdain for capitalism, generic tendency to impute and then combat perceived racism and fascism, disputatiousness and intellectual sophistry, negative attitudes toward Christianity, positive attitudes toward psychoanalysis and Marxism. I too had charismatic Jewish professors with a leftist view of European and American history.
The USS booklet then goes on to continue to avoid mentioning CPI, and uses ‘official pensions’ as a euphemism, or synonym, for CPI. It sounds more unavoidable, more authoritative, perhaps. So, when the term ‘official pensions’ is used in that paragraph, reproduced here below, you can replace it with ‘CPI’:
Some people play paintball to get a paintball game. Paintball has become rapidly more aggressive since it's invention. Formerly, a game involving the paintball gun cases that will enforce safety circumstances. Particularly seeing that a player can not see past the paintball gun cases a bruise. Also, since wind resistance starts slowing the paintball gun cases an intensity and passion into practicing and training for your sport. Develop a regular schedule of practice for paintball. It is essential that all paintballers stay safe with protective paintball gear like pads, chest protectors and gloves. Each paintball game starts with a large area of paintballs. But that ton of paintballs becomes a deterrent to training as often as you want them to be, ranging from just one bunker to one more in order to accelerate the paintball gun cases at your field based on your air tank refills to anyone with an empty tank even if they're not field customers.
The preschool that Ella was in last year and this year has a tradition the week before Thanksgiving that involves the director of the school making pumpkin waffles for all the kids. I can not tell you how much Ella loves these. She talks about them for weeks. In fact, another parent who had helped with the waffle making, stopped me in the hall when I was picking Ella up and told me that Ella had seconds and wanted thirds. I thought, are you sure you got the right kid? Because getting my Ella to eat is sometimes like pulling teeth. This girl just doesn't like to sit and eat.
Lisa Morton – They’re Coming To Get You
With your fingers, peel and discard the loosened skin from the peppers, rinse under water.
So I resolve to try harder, to be better,
Polar F6 (polarf6.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
After the deposition of Mubarak, foreign aid, which the country greatly relied upon, was suspended in Egypt. Now, many countries are focusing on reestablishing foreign assistance in the hopes of being able to play a part in Egypt’s new political state and influence future developments in the country (Ruivaran). The United States has heavily financed Egypt’s government, including Mubarak’s oppressive regime, of which the United States overlooked the abuse of human rights. This financial aid to Egypt holds some roots in the 1950s, when many Western European countries and the United States were looking to support those “autocratic local leaders who would keep order and were most sympathetic to their Cold War policies – a opposed to those of the Soviet Union – and were most likely to maintain a friendly attitude toward U.S. and European business interests” (Pulsipher and Pulsipher 265). The new government and its new policies will complicate the U.S. involvement and interests in the region. In the future, the U.S. will have to take into account their previous act of turning a blind eye to the misrepresentation of human rights and promote a full democratic government in the country. The Muslim Brotherhood, currently in control of much of the government, is traditionally an anti-Israeli group, which brings the possibility of tensions between Israel, a U.S. ally, and Egypt, two countries which currently share a Peace Treaty since 1979. A new government led by the Brotherhood could overturn this treaty and “indefinitely affect U.S. military, trade, and diplomatic policies” (Travers). Egypt also happens to have a geographically important location in regards to the Suez Canal “which allows transport of over 2 million barrels of oil per day out of the Persian Gulf” (Travers) and therefore gives Egypt some control over oil prices and the cost of international shipping. The region itself is known for its oil exports, prices of which are mostly controlled by OPEC, the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, which also include countries in Latin America and the Far East (Pulsipher and Pulsipher 278). However, in the event that transportation costs for shipping oil rise, the cost of oil will also increase, impacting consumers all over the globe, especially Americans who, as a nation, consumer more oil than any other country worldwide. Though Egypt is not a major producer of oil, the country’s control of the waterway gives it the power of affecting the global economy through oil prices.
A new post on Brooklynology reminded me of a fine piece of history written by my colleague Dennis Holt. Dennis had the good fortune to stumble upon an 1885 edition of Lain's City Directory. It was sitting atop a pile of someone's garbage heap, and I can guarantee you he clicked his heels on the way home after finding it. It's true what they say about one man's trash...
Manuka honey from New Zealand has been shown to inhibit the growth of many bacteria and is proving to be an effective weapon in combating superbugs such as MRSA. It has also been used effectively to treat athlete’s foot and other fungal infections.
1 adjustments
Calories burned: 575 HAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA fuck exercise machines lie their asses off when it comes to this. I was dying the whole run. That number is absurd.
Over the weekend we had a comical round of vehicles deciding not to start. We joked that our garage had some sort of virus causing dead batteries or something. That's why we buy the vehicles we do -- reliable with few issues. We keep them well maintained.
What this shows me is a total lack of respect for me and my time. I'm all for customer service and giving the customer my best but I draw the line at disrespect. There was a day when I would have been mortified to hang up on a customer. I guess those days are gone.
The first picture I’ve posted from a week-long vacation my wife and I took through British Columbia. While she slept, I was up before dawn to check out the river that flows through Kamloops. Used my new two-stop, hard-edge graduated density filter to darken the sky. Nikon D90, tripod.
a very long ride. The Traveling Teapot is looking forward to
There is a worthy message in The Ambassadors of Death but you have to drudge through quite a lot of padding to find it. Judging by David Whitaker's track record I can't help but think the stronger parts of this story are down to Malcolm Hulke's extensive rewrites. There are some good performances by John Abineri as General Carrington, William Dysart as Reegan and Cyril Shaps as Lennox but sadly the story is overburdened by too many unnecessary and over long action/stunt sequences. This is one of the rare times where I would have preferred the structure of the New series of Doctor Who. This would make a great story if it were condensed and speeded up a little. There are parts of The Ambassadors Of Death that are great but overall the story is hit and miss. I think it is fair to say that a large part of that was due to it's rocky conception.
Today, I am told, is Budget Day, when the preposterous George Osborne is going to tell us how our administration is going to screw us this year. There will be some changes around the margins, and some people might end up being slightly less screwed than they have been, while others will suffer more.
Well, I just couldn’t get scared
6:05 p.m. Frantically search for something the kids can eat for dinner that takes less than 10 minutes to prepare. (I'm not really good at pre-planning meals.) Think, grilled cheese, think, quesadillas, think, pb and j.
Let my attention be ceaselessly allured.
Isn't she sweet? This is one of those cards I made by choosing my papers before I coloured the image and once again I'm not that happy with the result. I think I'm going to go back to just colouring first and choosing papers later!
- An 8 ounces bag of cranberries yielded 2 cups, once I discarded a few soft cranberries
- October 1965 plays sitar for first time on Beatles record (“Norwegian Wood”)
It is no surprise that most of you are modernists, not totally throwing away your traditional roots. Many of you don't choose to purchase patterns, which we suspected. You are very creative and improvisational. Then again, many of you are collectors of patterns and books; sometimes one or the other. I can say that since I started designing, I certainly purchase fewer patterns and some books. Part of it is confidence, the other is time (not enough to possibly make it). There is sometimes reward in creating "what you see is what you get". In remaking samples, I just follow the pattern and don't have to endure any brain freezes! Patterns are more affordable, especially in these economic times.
* How Concerned Women For America and the Family Research Council successfully pressured Congress to limit childhood vaccinations with the life-saving drug Gardasil, because it addressed HPV, a sexually transmitted infection;
Although remodeling of your home may not involve major constructions like a new house would need, yet there are four important things you need to know if you are planning home renovations
i know what she's thinking
I cut a piece of Peach Parfait cardstock 3 inches wide by 6 inches long and folded it in half. I used some Whisper White satin ribbon and tied it around the card. I then trimmed my stamped image to 2x2 inches square and attached it to the front of the card. Done!
IN SEPARATE BOWL, whisk together remaining dry ingredient
for the first time.
The shot glasses look like miniature pints of beer with froth foam on top. They actually hold white peach jelly - made from fresh peaches - covered in a layer of mascarpone and rosewater cream. The tiny pearls of strawberry add freshness with baby sorrel leaves providing a little tartness.
- As if the scandals over plagiarism in the KDP program weren't enough, now it appears that there's a major knockoff problem: cobbled-up books titled to resemble bestsellers in hopes of tricking consumers into buying them. I Am The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo, anyone?
Rolling Panic Affiliated 2 Complete Rolling Panic Affiliated 1 with 100 credibility or more
Frida never reclaimed the old her but by the next scene it didn’t matter. She was always Frida. The woman she became was the woman she was always becoming. The peace and love for myself I’m searching for in tears is that, like her, who I am becoming is me.
So have you ever wondered if it would be possible to live with all four of your kids in one room? What? No?!
the seasons in the sun are passing by...its almost winter and almost two months since I last blogged ...
not a bruise on me.
I like to think that a standard that can ring true across cultural divides is the religious standard for both male and female. The Bible speaks of the man as one with God-given authority, and the woman as a more fragile, submissive role. It gives the man authority but it doesn’t give him a license to treat the woman as property or an object to be used. Instead, he is to be a courageous leader, one who cherishes his family. The woman is to be virtuous, industrious, caring and a helper.
I woke up this morning and decided to catch-up with local and national affairs via television and the world wide web. I read many stories this morning but nothing as funny as the business with Richard Grenell. Above are three of like five or six articles I read from the Google news feed involving Richard Grenell under the tab of ‘Politics’. Anyway to sum up (feel free to check it out yourself) Richard Grenell is an adept foreign policy expert hired by the Romney campaign as their foreign policy spokesman. He’s also gay…openly gay……I know…how did “Romney” and “openly gay” get mentioned in the the same breath. Here’s how : while the Romney campaign may have *quotefingers* broke ground*endqoutefingers* in hiring a openly gay spokesman but his constituents repaved it in driving the man to resign…not that he had done very much on the official (aka TV, reports, press, etc) side anyway. Many laugh at the situation as the Romney campaign’s half-hearted ploy to win support from the LGBT community. I’m laughing at Richard Grenell…..for being a duck (think of your favorite Aflac commercial).
I colored her hair with Y21, Skirt with R83, and her shirt with BV13. I lost some of the shadows when I colored the shirt with BV13, so I went back with my gray and darkened those areas again.
So, my cooking is limited to barbecuing steak and hamburgers, with a baked potato (sour cream and broccoli on top), followed by oreos dipped in milk. In a way, it's kind of nice to take a break from cooking, but I miss it. I'll be on a mission to find recipes that match my childish and bland taste buds, but for now, it's snack time!
Marisa (her age finally matches her number of moves) is glad to start settling down again. Her schedule is mostly empty and she is enjoying that time. She is trying to find homes for all the boxes and is getting rid of a lot. “If I have not used it by now – WE DO NOT NEED IT!” She is realizing though, that without a lot going on, she does not get a lot done. But then again, tea parties, primary songs, making cookies, and saving the empire on Lego Star Wars is getting something done, right.
Kissed you
6/17 Denver, CO - Hi Dive
- A photo builds a personal connection, you might call it a social appeal. It also allows people to make an association between an individuals name and face.
The fat, pompous professor then bores everyone with Candyman's full origin story. which began in 1890. Candyman was the son of a slave, but he was raised among the wealthy, because his father made a fortune from an invention he mass-produced. Fascinating, Spock.
37. It is very hard to buy dresses.
**Use large sheets of construction paper (white will never let you down and makes the food stand out as the star) as backgrounds for small objects or food. Then you can bring in lamps and shoot after dark.
as they cook together one more time.
More a man than your dead little soul, you and your weekend pissed-up streak.
10And I fell at his feet to worship him. And he said unto me, See thou do it not: I am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren that have the testimony of Jesus: worship God: for the testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy.
Today we asked Jimmy to go get us sandwiches from Vons (they have the best avocado & turkey sandwiches ever). We were really excited. It doesn't take much...So of course he went to the wrong Vons , the really really GHETTO one that only has junk food from 2003.
where titans and gods still war
“What about the woman waiting down the street?”
might be what wakes him. I back out the door.
Maybe it doesn’t look like much from here, but Thialf is where many of the biggest meets are held; it’s the heart of speedskating in the Netherlands, which, as a country, is the heart of speedskating in the world. I said in an earlier post that Thialf is speedskating’s Mecca, and I think it’s still an appropriate description. There are other major ovals where top competitions are held with some regularity (the oval in Hamar, Norway, and those at high altitude in Calgary and Salt Lake City where world records often are set come to mind) but none that I know of is as large or as regularly packed full of fans.
1/2 cup raw almonds
The program can be taught in an hour long assembly or broken down into shorter assemblies, to meet the school’s scheduling needs. While it supports the schools efforts to stop bullying, it also focuses on bullying that happens away from the eyes of teachers and school supervisors (e.g. at an after school programs or on Saturday). By the end of the seminar, students will know how to prevent bullying, how to react when bullying does occur, as well as how to protect themselves and others from bullying behavior.
3/4 c chicken broth
The drawback to section three is that there aren’t a lot of connections among the small solutions he cobbles together. None of them are politically viable. Reich ends by suggesting that the only real way forward is if financial corporations and the financial elite heed his warning and save capitalism from itself.
Anchors (black)
Men will always tell women that they don’t like heavy make-up. It’s just not true. What they are saying is that they hope you don’t need heavy make-up. Unless it’s garish, men generally can’t assess if a woman is wearing slap or not. There is an obvious cosmetic choice, however, that they universally like. No, love.
While I was there, I met with Sloane Milstein of College Riding 101, who has a new book out about how to find and select the right college riding program. In our conversation, she mentioned that she’d be speaking about how to pay for college and pay for riding in college on Saturday evening at Equine Affaire and asked if I would use my in-depth knowledge of the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) to present that section of her talk.
Anyway D has started his English today. I have a range of things from Teacher Created Resources which we can use. The idea is he never gets bored of one thing so we have enough different types of work to have a change. He asked for Paired passages and Document Based Critical Thinking and we also have From Sentences to Paragraphs, Grammar Grade 5-6 and Scientific comprehension. I also bought a thematic unit on the Mayans as its something we touched on last year but didn't do much about.
- Support the entrenchment of LGBTI issues into broader social justice issues through the financing of community lead and nationally owned projects.
I almost always try to read the book first if possible. An exception was the Swedish version of Girl With The Dragon Tattoo which only had a limited run at the time and I really wanted to see it in theaters. And I still haven't read the book. It's one of my goals for this year.
Life in the village
2. We all deserve a second chance – this is ultimately a story about redemption, and this seems to so right for a film that itself in desperately in need of some critical TLC and genuine re-evaluations. But don’t we all feel like that?
Have a good week ahead & Happy Easter!
It doesn’t have to be this way. We can be our OWN kind of parents. We can be the kind of Moms and Dads who do their best and love their kids and vow to keep learning and growing. We can throw out the labels, the titles, the books, the methods, and the visions of what “should” be in favor of extending ourselves and others just a little bit of grace. I’m choosing to be no kind of Mom because it means I can make lots of room for everybody at my little picnic table, and if they come to my table, we can all share what we’ve got to offer.
On holiday Ms Howarth usually reverted to disposable nappies for convenience but says she tried to seek out the more environmentally-friendly ones with no gels or plastics whenever possible.
And then there are other things I should be doing – work, reading Dracula, and posting on this blog. I’m fairly sure I can put those things into my weeks at least a little bit without messing anything up too bad, but I’ve also been staying up quite late these days and adjusting to that sleep schedule when I should really try to be fixing it to something more up-in-the-mornings-and-days focused until I’m done with my work. I’m really trying to settle into being more productive, but I’m slipping up a lot, especially with holidays and sickness. My recovery from other things, however, relies a lot on productivity and satisfaction with the amount of things I get done, so I’m going to have to try a bit harder.
Some say that Heaven is just a projection of the mind’s desire to escape self-responsibility for this world through casting that self-responsibility towards something outside of self which is greater, wiser and stronger than a mere human being. This also implies great fear in the hearts of men. Has anyone ever wondered why God would need to distance Himself away from His most monumental creation called Man to disappear into the void beyond Man’s reach?
Sometimes you just have to say yes to having a good day the WHOLE day.
When the pie is done, let it cool completely for at least 4 hours. I made this guy way ahead of time, let it cool for day, and then refrigerated it for a day before leaving it out the night before serving it.
Tips and Tricks: My poor little bunny's ear was a bit worse for the wear after running him through the Cuttlebug. My plates are a bit battered and left some ugly marks on the front, so I used my bone folder to burnish the backside of the paper. I had to rub really hard, but it did the trick!
The Limelight itself? After a dramatic shuttering in 2001, the club was reopened under the name Avalon, and still entertains throngs craving a thumping beat and a really expensive cocktail. The club kids are gone, but ghosts remain, as do the crypts.
She asked him what they were doing and he replied, "Playing baseball."
I'm certain that I will carry on with this series. I can't wait to read Cross My Heart and Hope to Spy! You can't help but adore the titles of the books too! Ally Carter is an author that you simply can't miss. You go Ally Carter!
This is actually about me, being part of the school publication, The LaSallian. My parents, actually my dad doesn’t approve of me joining such organization. I had experienced writing in publications in high school but this is a different thing. I never thought I’d be accepted in The LaSallian. It gave me confidence and pride that somehow I can really write.
Imma gonna race you too
Life is just not like that.
I have one friend alive; thou wouldst disprove me.
61-year-old Ampon Tangnopponkul or “Uncle SMS” who was sentenced to 20 years on lese majesté offence last November passed away this morning. He was suffering from stomach pain and sent to prison hospital last Friday, according to his lawyer, Ms. Poonsuk Poonsukcharoen. Bail request has been applied eight times and all denied. “If Ampon’s right to temporary release was upheld, he could’ve gone to see the doctor and such a tragedy might not have happened” said Poonsuk.
I have a tune for you all as well.
Jana Greene
Halperin’s insights are manifold in this rich section of the book. Here I list those that were most salient to me as I read. First, Warner points to and Halperin fleshes out how the insistence on “Gay Pride” can actually serve to deepen the shame gay men feel about their desires and practices, by re-relegating them to the closet in contra-distinction to an out-and-proud gay-maleness. Second, Halperin turns to a right-wing French writer, Marcel Jouhandeau, who extolled the virtues of social abjection and, in particular, humiliation at being different: Jouhandeau (and later, Genet) turn abjection on its head, into a kind of sacrilization of abjection. To tease this out, thirdly, Halperin explicates two scenes from Jean Genet’s opus, in which Genet depicts social abjection, humiliation, as a process and where the abjected, humiliated subject responds by resignifying the abjection as either a source of pleasure or as the signifying source of his difference. In Halperin’s interpretation, Genet’s narrators find freedom precisely by identifying with their abjection and embracing it, refusing its deleterious effects and instead creating for themselves a re-signifying and life-affirming defiance. The more they are humiliated, the more defiant and ecstatic the narrators become. Genet’s narrative insists that loving someone who is humiliated (socially abject) requires the loving of their abjection itself.
But, this book is so much fun! There’s drama because of course, main character Hazel has the perfect boyfriend who is about to propose to her when she meets handsome rock star. But you don’t feel like she’s being a horrible person by following this fantasy because you kind of know in your
First, the Awards report, as promised. Despite all your lovely votes, I didn't win. The honours went to The Shopgirl Diaries written by Emily Benet. I've had a look, and it's a really good blog, so I'm not feeling too bad about it! I'll be getting a nice shiny blogbadge for being shortlisted, anyway. Here I am at the party,
On the eye - Deep tangerine. North African dawn. Lovely.
Town planning is so important – why would you not do it? These people are not doing it because they want Covent Garden to look lovely. They are investors securing their investments for the future. They are making sure their land becomes valuable because Covent Garden is so wonderful. It’s the difference between taking a long-term view and a short-term one and it’s what our high streets need.
I make no claim to knowledge of the US system of justice, so have based what I say upon the sterling work of Craig Calcaterra, a former practising attorney, who has escaped from the law courts to be a writer for NBC about baseball (yes, that is jealousy you can hear as you read that). He has written extensively about these cases, most recently at “Hardball Talk” but he wrote at length about them before. Following Bonds’ indictment he analysed the case here.
Fahamu
Transformers – The effects are bound to be cool, but . . . why is this being made? Does the world really need Michael Bay’s live-action vision of a 1980’s cartoon about shape-shifting robots? Wait. I think the real question is, does the world really need Michael Bay? The last thing he directed that was even remotely watchable was The Rock, and without the kitsch factor of the animation format, the Autobot/Decepticon vendetta is going to be laughable at best. But I'm sure things will blow up real good.
-if you’ll like to show case your brand
I'm going to steal a joke from Kevin Bridges here. No-one ever calls people from Edinburgh Edinburgers, do they? You've got your Invernesians, Aberdonians, Dundonians, Glaswegians and cunts fae Edinburgh. It may be a joke but it's true. I can imagine that part of the reasoning for not allowing the hovercraft to run is that it'd allow easier access for dirty, six finger Fifers to cross the river and bam up the city.
Oppression is when a Christian does not yield to the Spirit of God and opens themselves up to control by evil spirits. I personally believe that once you are the child of God you can never be possessed by anyone other than God. But I also believe that God will allow us to be oppressed by evil if we are disobedient. (1 Corinthians 5:5- hand such a person over to Satan to destroy his corrupt nature so that his spiritual nature may be saved on the day of the Lord.) But I believe this oppression can be defeated by something as simple as repentance.
1 baskets
In open letter coinciding with Fang’s death, Wang, hunger striker Wuer Kaixi and four others who participated in the 1989 Democracy Movement appealed for the Chinese government to let them return home.
I turned to the only place I could. To some online acquaintances that Tim and I had known from our early spiritual/shamanistic/dream-time healing experiences. I didn't stay with them long, either, because some of their methods were those that were forceful and uninvited by myself... but there was this one guy, named Jack.
As it stands currently, Texas state law allows women to obtain an abortion only under specific circumstances, after a 24 hour waiting period, and only after state mandated counseling. While these state mandated stipulations are not as severe as some found in other states, they still pose a challenge to many foundations of women’s rights and women’s health. As of January 2011, a woman must receive state-directed counseling that includes information that is designed to discourage her from having an abortion. This information must be provided in person at the clinic 24 hours before a woman is allowed to obtain the procedure. The pamphlets and packets that is provided include diagrams of what the fetus looks like at its various stages and describes in detail the various organ functions developing at different states. Before the woman is provided with these detailed handouts, she is required to watch the ultra sound of the fetus as the doctor describes it in detail. The doctor is then required to look for a heartbeat in the fetus and play it for the woman, if it is found. After all of these proceedings take place, the woman must wait at least 24 hours before she can actually have the abortion preformed.
their residences for the duration of the NATO/G8 Summit scheduled
Above: The giant main building of The Moscow University. One of the so-called Seven Sisters, seven similar buildings, form a ring around the Kremlin and were built during Stalin’s time. It will be featured in THE EARTH SHIFTER.
Lately, unschooling has been in the news a lot, and because of that it seems a lot of unschoolers are talking about about whether or not the exposure is a good thing! I've seen people say that because the mainstream media never properly grasps unschooling, they shouldn't bother. Or, that the extra exposure opens unschoolers up to more hassling from people who don't understand. The message behind both of these things being that unschoolers are better off staying under the radar, not letting themselves be interviewed, and just generally keeping quiet about things.
But sonofabitch, that motherfucker is still driving me crazy. Now the blisters are popping and it's starting to peel and ohmyGod the itching......
We were privileged to be part of the festival's VIP delegation, which afforded me great opportunities to meet and talk with people as well as see things up close.
We got a busy, but fun weekend. I hope we can work in a little play tonight. That would make the weekend even better.
Now that I've pissed all of them off, let's elaborate.
Those caves were where the cheddar was stored to age.
Camaal: I needing little yems.
My thanks go out to the three intrepid souls who voted for this. Did you understand that you were voting to read a fictional story that I’d written centered around beer? I’ll admit, this was one of my personal favorites, though I viewed it with a bit of trepidation, since posting a fictional story centered around a beer theme would result in more work than was probably warranted given my literary acumen and the level of avid readership here at Beer Rant. What I had in mind was a serialized story centered round beer or brewing. More specifically, I’d actually begun the opening sections of a fictional story set in a post-apocalyptic United States (a’la Mad Max) wherein our hero sets out for the “forbidden zone” to find the last bastion of American brewing. (In this setting, beer has been outlawed and society’s high brow circles revel in “water sampling” parties.) Perhaps for fun, and so that the effort doesn’t go unused, I’ll post what I’ve got in the hopper so far.
Magistrates’ Courts Sentencing Guidelines (Page 161)
Let me dry mine.
Shocked, Ayshe clutched Gursel to her chest, starting to retreat out the door. After two steps, she turned around and walked back to the large desk, planted her feet firmly and forced him to look up.
My Man made an observation recently that really put the cat among the pigeons.
For those of you who prefer print books, I'm running a giveaway from today through April 22. I'll be picking two winners in a random drawing to receive handsome trade paperback copies of BOTH The Arm of the Stone and The Garden of the Stone.
Well that's it for me today, I shall be back soon with some more of my recent creations and believe me I have been rather busy in the crafting department.....lol!!!
Let’s just say hypothetically you’re spending all this time blogging and other people don’t know what the hell you’re doing. Here’s an acronym that will save you. Simply use it whenever involved in a conversation like this one:
the torrent, I say, of the pleasure of God,
He looks dressed for a funeral, but I guess he sort of is because after this interview I’ll be mourning the death of what little social life I had to begin with. If that’s what it takes to get Micah back, though, it’s more than worth it.
There is also a possibility that the investigation is being delayed due to factors pertaining to the microscopic comparisons of test-bullets with evidence-bullets. This aspect will be dealt with in PART 3.
Time for some overly sweet Mother’s Day cards!
"Go Sell Crazy Somewhere Else, This Mom Is All Stocked Up" (but that was stolen from a movie.)
Ethel looking very proud, with Kate at Willie's wedding in 1941, when she would be 49.
Wow. How sweet they are! There's no inkling whatsoever that I almost left them there, to be raised by the clueless photo girls! After they were an HOUR late showing up for work...and I of course had the first appointment, because I have a hyperactive child who hates a) waiting, b) dressing up, and c) having her picture taken! So, we got to agonize about it for a full hour, on top of the photo session taking forever, because, um, HYPERACTIVE, and then of course there's the viewing and the picking.
Overall though Decas is a great and very enjoyable released and as a celebration of As I Lay Dying’s centenary is a more than worthy way to mark it.
The other satin ribbon if from an unknown source
Latifah) and DIEGO (Denis Leary), worry over Peaches’ safety and race
‘Event horizon?’
The museum tweeted the pic and we had to share, because the colorful Porsche sitting outside the museum is our favorite picture of the day. Which is saying a lot. Because we, like you, having access to the Internet, see approximately 758 images by 9 a.m.
the car..
When it was clear that he still wasn’t sure how to react I said fine, here’s what I give you, as your parent, permission to do tomorrow. You can approach the teacher who told the jokes and say “My mom says that your telling those jokes apparently shows they are correct, since as a blond you clearly lack intelligence and awareness to know that sharing bullying stereotypes to a class full of impressionable middle school kids, which included several blonds, was wholly inappropriate.”
Nikon D90 is the successor of the hugely popular D80. When it was released it was the first DSLR that offered HD video capture. Although the competition got tougher over the time D90 is still one of the best cameras in its class.
I love summer in Norway. I really do.
This could be a cult favourite, because it's very enjoyable indeed. I've played it over and over with pleasure. Stone's elegant, dignified poise and Kynoch's lyrical playing make the best possible case for Havergal Brian piano song. There are also short works for solo piano and piano and violin (Jonathan Stone). The booklet is informative, with the high quality presentation that Stone Records is noted for. Havergal Brian could not have dreamed of anything as stylish as this.
She weighed in at 7 lbs, 9 oz (ha! where was my monster baby?!) and she was 21 inches long. Initially, breastfeeding went well, subsequently we've had difficulties latching, which have been resolved by pumping and supplementing with formula (making all three of us much, much happier and more relaxed). We are trying to catch up sleep - the hospital, lovely as it was, wasn't conducive to it, since I had to spend an extra 24 hours on mag in bed in L&D (which isn't really designed for that, tbh). My mom came in the day she was born, my in-laws visited soon after. We have some awesome pictures. She's absolutely delightful in every way, and we couldn't be more in love.
In case you're wondering, the kids are all still there - but they are no longer kids.
I had five hospice cases this weeks. That's a lot for me in one week and I am emotionally exhausted. I say a prayer before I meet with each family. I pray that I can hold it together, empathize appropriately, and assist them in one of the hardest decisions of their lives. It's a hard balance between caring and caring too much. Of course, I feel sad for these families, but I have to put up some sort of wall around my heart to keep my sanity. Ask any nurse or doctor and they would probably say the same thing. They care, but they can't care too much or they would burn out of the profession very quickly. Yes, I had five hospice cases, but to that family it was their first one. Possibly of their life.
There's not much style in Lettich's presentation of the story as well. All is pretty straight forward, as many action films are particularly from this era. Outside of a few cool camera angles, a decent foot chase that goes across the decks of docked boats, and little things like this, there's nothing really all that special about any of it. We are taken from point A to point B on a pretty straight path.
I love Valentine's Day. I love hearts. I decided to make some heart garland for Lily's room today. It turned out so cute! I was really pleased with how it turned out, so I thought I would share with y'all how I did it. Good idea? Good. Just in time for Valentine's Day!!
The hills, the rivers, the meadows and even the sky above you were the shelter of your people for countless generations. There was a familiarity in them that was almost primal. The very soil itself had been nurtured and stained with the blood, sweat and tears of your forbearers.
We hope you had a wonderful time with your loved ones this Christmas. There are hundreds of thousands of South African emigrants who were most likely far from family and friends. I can tell you from my own experience that this is something you never get used to. Not being able to see family and friends at a snap decision.
Dammit! I think I wasted $40 on that "Blogging for Beginners" adult education class. Two nights a week for four weeks and I can't even create a link.
“How tall is she?” I asked.
But join me in the ongoing torture by calling out the following bozos and their bozo-centric stuff they call "poster art".
As it was, when we finally worked our way up to trotting, as I would squeeze with my legs and push her forward, she would round up and come back to me in a way, as she shoved off and went into a trot. The reins would go slack a bit and I had no contact as we moved off and sped up. That was a little unsettling for me, but as we moved a few strides along, she started to stretch out and down. Then she would stop. No reason, just stopped. It took a while and we finally went around on an egg shaped circle and made it most of the way around before she would stop again. We were making progress though so I couldn't argue or complain.
Netflix succeeded in pummeling Blockbuster by re-inventing the movie rental category with an innovative business model, high customer satisfaction and a low cost service that was based on giving customers flexibility and not forcing them to adhere to policies designed to make the company lots of money.
Exercise: Use the “____ meets ____” format for the following books: “The Hunger Games,” “The Da Vinci Code,” “The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet’s Nest,” “Ender’s Game,” and “Holes.”
The first of our new guitarists is 21 year old Andy Midgley. He will take care of the rhythm parts but will also be blasting out some solos too! Behind the drum kit is Derby based sticks man Rich Smith, an extremely talented drummer, Rich has been a part of the UK metal scene for more than ten years.
I have recently returned from Bungwahl to my secret hovel on the outskirts of Gotham City, and I must say I’ve had much success. Whilst the filming of the propaganda video was not undertaken, some valuable data was gathered and resources acquired.
6. Using oven mitts turn the pan on its side and slip the loaf out onto the wire rack. Let the loaf cool for 15 minutes before serving. Makes 1 loaf.
Have you ever? ...
So I found this great Acer Aspire on there, that really wasn’t all that expensive. So i decided to bid on it… First mistake, because it took me bout 7 bids to get the other bidder off my back. The bidding fight stopped at the price of about 400 USD… I was happy, cuz if I waited for another 23 hours, that laptop was mine. So I went to bed… When i woke up, I recieved an email saying my bid was no longer the highest… Someone had bid EXACTLY 2 USD more than me… When I tried to bid over him, Ebay told me that the seller did not allow anymore bids…
(Where's the "cure" you ask? If that's the main reason you haven't been making jerky, well, come on down! I hate sodium nitrite. Imagine my surprise when at my Master Food Preserver Class, Barbara Ingham, Wisconsin's Extension food scientist and our teacher, said I didn't have to use it! There was a catch. Without cure in it, you will store it in the refrigerator. If you are going on a camping trip, etc., it will keep for 2 weeks out of the refrigerator, but not indefinitely. This more than covers me for a day long shopping trip, or Rick for a day of pheasant hunting.)
thOUGH the Light seem SMALL is truly an exceptional record. Why are your local appearances so infrequent?
Gospel: Matthew 13:54-58
1. Your passport is valid for at least six months. (This means that the passport is still valid for at least six months when you enter Taiwan rather than when the application is filed online) ; and
(Columbia) Starring the voices of Hugh Grant, Salma Hayek, Imelda Staunton, Martin Freeman, Jeremy Piven, David Tennant, Brian Blessed, Anton Yelchin, Brendan Gleeson. Directed by Peter Lord
SUBJECT: Kitten
So the fat man sits down an’ enjoys a treat
I had an awesome time in Korea this year, and spending time in gorgeous Jeju made this year’s trip even more special. I’d definitely recommend visiting Seoul and Jeju to anyone who’s even remotely interested. The culture, food, shopping and sights are simply amazing!
● the erection or extension of a building;
He'll ever be our inspiration,
As we move through life, our opinions and ideas change. Sometimes we unconsciously or mindlessly operate from an older belief system when really we have shifted. We want to respond in one way, but we surprise ourselves by habitually responding in a different way. What do you believe, in the here and now? The following exercise gives you a chance to see
He remained unaware of anything in the room except the siren walking toward him. Each steady, unhurried step she took further drew him in. His gaze feasted on the curve of her hip, the swell of her breast. Ethan rode the knife’s edge between lust and propriety.
For the second time now, I sewed an entire garment "in the flat." Does anyone else do this? What the heck do I mean? Well, the instructions for the pattern I used, Butterick 5976, would have you sew the side, back and shoulder seams, then attach the collar and facing, insert the zipper next, and then ease in the sleeves and hem them (those tiny little sleeves!) before hemming the dress bottom.
It was nearly midnight at that point, so we camped at the gypsy camp which, while not exactly safe, is still safer than the bridge is for Tistann. He seems to be persona non-grata with the followers of Rodcet Nife, a priest of which is in the bridge tower. He’s attacked me before.
In real life, if this teddy bear were actually sitting on the greenish patterned paper, then any light that hit the green paper would reflect back onto his fur, with a bit of a greenish tone to it. Lightly adding the G12 allows me to pull the bear into the background a bit more, and suggests reflected light from the paper.
Dear Mom, Dad and my second mom –
Simon Kurt Unsworth – Mami Wata
Googleing define yarn nets me this result:
UNFULFILLED PROMISES
His landmark is a kopje-crest
4.Dry Skin
UBS, Citigroup, ABN Amro, Barclays, Bank of New York Mellon, Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, Lloyds, State Street, Wells Fargo, and finally Bank of America are all talking about massive lay offs. Bank of America may actually cut 10,000 jobs which would mean a 3.5% reduction of their work force. When the biggest financial institutions are opting to run skeleton crews we are in serious trouble. Most jobs in America are service jobs or financial jobs. I say we need a radical reduction in CEO compensation. If they really believe in their company they can take one for the team, and realize that the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.
I don't think I ever have actually... when it comes to product I'm sort of a "more is more" type of gal. Putting that aside, I am quite taken with Figs & Rouge's little wonder balms that do pretty much everything and smell amazing while they do it.
Q: What are the benefits to having Eyelash Extensions?
If you’re a “real” writer you sit down to write every day at the same time, without fail and you write for a few hours. This is the common wisdom. This is what we all must do if we’re to give ourselves the time to practice our craft. These are The Rules.
One of the absolutely most frustrating things I've experience over the last week has been feeling helpless and useless. My husband goes to work every day and does absolutely nothing. While some departments are being stretched to their limit (or beyond), others are being under utilized.
So how does a student recruit a college?
There goes the subjective weighting in again. Would I read it again--probably, did I enjoy it--yes! Did he write well? Let me just say, I could not wait for the villains to get their just deserts, the hero and heroine just had problem after problem....
Please know that I wish we could include every single story in the book, but the editors at Moody Publishers will be the ones to make final decisions about the essays. However, your story will still be featured on the Pearl Girls website as we roll out the book. Amy will also contact you about getting special permission to post your essay online. In order to make room for one more essay, I've decided to not include my essay, but rather write a forward to the book to share the purpose of the project. I am so grateful and humbled beyond words for your willingness to "tithe your talent" (a phrase coined by fellow Pearl Girl Patricia Crisafulli) in order to help other women and children. Thank you, thank you. God bless you!
This book should be illegal because it is full of food porn. The cookbook is country living, hot guys in chaps, children, and food, glorious food. And I mean GLORIOUS food. Her website is filled with stories and photos about life on the ranch and recipes, recipes, recipes!
Before you ask, no toads died in the making of my dinner (although a pig or two was not so lucky....).
The latest local offering from Old World Brewery, Eclipse Black IPA, is no exception to this trend. It isn’t hoppy in the traditional IPA sense but it’s plenty good and low enough in abv to serve as a decent session beer. I got wind of this release through Old World’s Facebook page and made a commitment to drop by as soon as possible in order not to miss it, along with another short run offering called, suggestively, “The Prick.” I had my opportunity a couple weeks before Thanksgiving.
Suicide is impossible.
Faced with the 2012 rules, Red Bull took the obvious route of a raised chassis and nose. The car now eschews the “V” shape nose and chassis, so the top of the chassis and nose are flat. With the rules forcing a 75mm step between these two surfaces, the airflow doesn’t want to run along the nose and then step up without separating from the chassis top.
As always, there will be a Festival of Poker that includes a full tournament program, cash games and STT’s.
On the up side, my daughter and her hubby just this week found a good last minute vacation deal for a week in Hawaii. So mid September during the 10 days Mr. Garden Muscle will be gone on a motorcycle trip to Colorado to the annual Fallen Firefighter ceremony I will be babysitting little Miss Dinah. It will be Girl Week at my house.
When I created this blog six years ago, I remember sitting with a blank mind in front of a blank screen. What do I write? What do I title my blog? How do I sum up what I have yet to write? Somehow, the phrase, “somewhere in-between” emerged from my hovering fingertips. Where it came from I still do not know. At the time, I had a sense that I was living a nomadic lifestyle, wandering without a map. I felt like I was somewhere in-between homes, and somewhere in-between a child and a parent.
1) The Palestinians can’t disguise their crimes as military actions. The Israelis can. We can’t say “the Israelis don’t kill civilians;” at most, we can say that the extent of IDF operations makes it impossible to ascertain if the civilians that they kill are intended murders or not. The recent case of an old man killed in his sleep by IDF forces provides an excellent example of a totally unnecessary and highly suspicious death in which the soldier who pulled the trigger is acquitted based on his own testimony.
i know this is nothing compared to all that cuteness you just took in...but i have been saying i would show some more recent pictures of the addition ;) it is coming along slow but steady....but the outside is finally getting CLOSE to being done! that was the goal anyway, and then we can work on the inside over the winter months.....
As I recall, I was having heart palpitations over the poem sent
The second verse in this passage is 1 Thessalonians 4:18. “Wherefore comfort one another with these words.” Why would we have to do that to fellow believers? Don’t they also have the indwelling Holy Spirit? Of course, but all too often, especially in times of distress, one is prone to think according to the flesh and not the Spirit.
Stamp -Studio G Journaling Lines
1/4 c. granulated sugar
There lies a tension here between Kochan’s perceived true self, and his actual true self, forming confusion with masks at the heart of it all. With a mask hiding his true self, and a mask expressing his true self, is it possible to clearly define which mask does the hiding, and which allows for expression? And if both his true self and his false self take the form of a mask, is either of them really his “true self?” The title, Confessions of a Mask, suggests nothing exists beneath the mask; the confessions are coming from the mask, not from the person beneath the mask. Can he be his “true self” without a mask? And going along with that question, does he despise the mask? Or does he desire it?
Every time I have an engagement with a large corporation, I always ask for the corporate data dictionary and 9 out of 10 times, they tell me they don’t have one. I fail to understand why a company with numerous databases do not have a single data dictionary that tells a definitive story of the business data that the company maintains and reports on.
Tossers –literally masturbaters. Means idiots.
7. Potty train Graham. I read somewhere that cloth diapered kiddos are more receptive to, and on average, are potty trained 1 year earlier. Am crossing my fingers that all of our extra stinky laundry loads were not in vain. This afternoon he woke up from his nap repeating "no potty chair, no potty chair." Clearly, we're off to a great start! Advice!?
2006 Mid-Season NBA Breakdown of the Sacramento Kings
If Peter had such an honoured position why did the Lord have to put him in his place in Matthew 16:25 when addressing him. The Lord said,
stand ... rather like someone going to the block in the
—Showers with Beetles
All this fact checking has got me hungry. Can someone recommend a good pizza?
My experience has been that all dogs are smarter than I am, and they always know when I am packing treats and when I am not, and they are obedient when a treat is forthcoming and they may or may not be obedient otherwise, depending on their mood.
You might want to join !
And you know I like to throw in some before pictures to make myself feel like
Why is it that the gluten-free market is one of the fastest growing packaged food sectors right now?
And all the energy behind “pro-life”
resulting from the discovery of active volcanism on Io.
not because of the mission,
And on the king my father’s death before him.
Player sanctions are to come.
up is
2) Going to the pet store and watching the chameleons change color.
I'll remind you that my loving DH paid £6.95 (nearly $11) for a teensy little rooted cutting which looked like this:
Goodbye, Jill. I'll never forget.
From the steps of the porch they had quite a ball,
HOSTED BY: – The Nature Conservancy – REI – Harrah’s Reno
So the next few years of Albert Pujols will give the Angels more value than any other player in the league possibly could. Unfortunately, the contract is not for five or six years, it is for 10 years and $254 million.
A person in a higher state of consciousness is expected to know everything. But while the mind and the consciousness possess the ability to know everything, do they really need to know everything? “All knowing” simply means being conscious of the essence of all you know. In this state, both knowledge and ignorance co-exist and complement each other. For instance, while playing a game, it is not knowing the result beforehand that makes the game sincere and fun. If one knew the result even while playing, the players (and the game) would lose their intensity.
I think they decided that until he moves from El Paso, he needs to be on a preventative inhaler of some sorts. Steroids. Not fun for a baby.
7. Visit a place that makes you sleepy. Even if it’s the middle of the night, find a place that normally makes you drowsy, such as your cubicle at work or the pew you sit in at church. If you start to feel sleep settle in, take advantage and sleep where ever you find yourself!
Inside the palace, Cesare startles his mother, who naturally didn’t expect him. She asks him what he’s doing there and he says he’s imagining terrible things, like poison and murder. He asks after Lucrezia and says that if anything happened to her, he’d die.
If you are interested in the national private midwifery scene, or trying to locate a midwife outside Victoria, please go to the APMA blog.
If the inspection and everything else that goes along with selling a place goes smoothly, the closing date will be December 20th and the building of my new place will happen some time after that!
Article 109
That's it, three chances to win. Good luck!
So, I will leave you all to your chilblained fingers tapping on warm computer keys, and I will brave the elements. But don’t expect me to tell you what I learn. My winter is not your winter. We each have to describe the winter that only we can experience, otherwise there is no reason to describe it at all.
It needs some editing work. I’m not quite satisfied with the meter of it yet, but the theme is good.
Meanwhile, I have been assured the people who will be hauling my things to yet another location will be here on the 1st. So, I started to arrange things, throw things away, perform the beginnings of what has now become an art form for me. But, then I get the call. It turns out the individual who is moving my things has been suddenly informed he needs to go out of town for two weeks and is now trying to fit me in before he leaves. So, he`s going to squeeze me in on the 27th. A couple of hours later I am told “let`s make it the 28th.“ As it now stands, I am moving on the 26th, which means in two days. But, we haven`t gotten to the time yet and that just might be my final hour.
Her son was served with a civil claim – a “warrant in debt” from the county for $397 dollars – almost seven months after paying $190 in fines and court costs for his reckless driving.
And like that, she was off, driving hellzapopping toward her house in Bexley.
“They say women’s progress is being undermined…and a” religious ”inspired government that is increasingly embracing the conservative values…”
Serve immediately. The chips get soggy so if you want to make this ahead of time, don’t add the Doritos until right before serving.
Please note this list is not meant to be exhaustive. If you think of anything not covered here, feel free to file it immediately under the "Unacceptable" heading and move along. If you are still unsure about whether to broach a subject with Darth Vader, simply ask yourself, "Do I really want the extremely angry, murderous Dark magic-wielding cyborg to pay any kind of particular attention to me?"
I'm not going to go into details, because obviously, sex is a sacred commitment between two married people, but I will say that Day Four was hard, and I don't mean that in the Hard-Hard way, if you know what I mean. I mean that well, you know, I didn't want to wait till it was too late because I am tired, he is tired, so it's one of those sneak-away-when-he-gets-home things. Day Four was challenging hard.
2 pounds kirby cucumbers, sliced 1/4-inch thick
GBBF Organiser."
Either way, it’s a good story. Enjoy.
woman who has honorary degrees from several Jesuit universities.
6. Rosalee is a former addict and her brother, who helped her overcome her addiction, was dealing. I didn’t think it was plausible but I guess Freddy needed income.
Guess what? The plans have been submitted for a 12 room establishment with only 5 rooms having a shower and loo and the other 7 rooms sharing facilities. Not exactly ‘high end’ or ’boutique-style’ in my book…..
2 tsp coarse salt
The talents of Michael Barry has earned him time in a WWE ring in the past while his charisma and hard work is the reason so many fans call him MR Saturday Night.
It was a lovely surprise to be joined by Father Leon Pereira O.P., who had decided to come to the vigil having been inspired by the great pro-life witness of Father Michael Williams, a young pro-life priest who died last week. Requiescat in pace.
people with serious debt problems. Here's why.
"Slept all morning then had a nap in the afternoon. Going for meal out later"
I left New York in June, seeking purpose, and more creative opportunities, to find a real relationship with a man, to drive my car and get my stuff out of storage. I like to imagine I am better now. I no longer dwell on the events of the day, try not to conjure up the pictures etched on the back of my closed eyelids, for when I do, I remember that I have only a fragile grasp on control, and even that is held together by the tenuous threads of my logical mind. My irrational mind still wants to let go and fall. I still want to peel my grasping fingers loose and let my soul take flight. I still want to scream, I want to hit and hurt. I want to scratch my fingers down something soft and yielding, I want to bite down HARD and feel the blood spurt in my throat as something gives in my teeth. I have this caged animal inside of me that is clawing to escape and it is a struggle to keep it quiet. Ice, I tell myself. I am ice, Ice is hard and cold. Ice feels no pain, nor sorrow or anger or fear. Ice needs no fire to survive, and indeed, maybe my internal fire needs to be doused so I will feel less sad, less anger, fear no more, and the bruises of loneliness will heal.
2) My “spot.” I’ve been going to the same Barnes & Noble café for the last five years. My novel was born there and so was this blog, along with countless other writing projects. In particular, I have a favorite table that lets me observe the door, the café, and the book floor. It’s a great spot for people watching when I need a character in a pinch. I’ve made some great friends among the employees and the regulars, which makes this place a true second home. Not to mention, they make great coffee!
So why am I posting all of these touchy-feely ramblings today? I feel like I need to give back. If I can give at least one person the hope and encouragement that they, too, can run, bike, swim, or ___________(insert challenge here), then I have done my job.
6. Jabberjaw: (First aired 1976, ran until 1978) As part of the overall shark mania of the 1970s and shortly after the then-recent film Jaws, Hanna-Barbara Inc. released Jabberjaw--a Saturday morning animated series about a 15-foot talking great white shark. Jabberjaw was the drummer for a rock group made up of four teenagers who all lived in an underwater civilization in the year 2076. As Jabberjaw and his rock band buddies traveled to different underwater cities, they would encounter and attempt to conquer diabolic villains with plans to take over the undersea world. The format and writing for Jabberjaw was similar to that for Scooby-Doo and Josie and Pussycats, but for a time when people were scared out their minds of sharks, you've got to admit it was pretty cool to create one that was heroic and loveable.
7. Quartz
A year ago today God surprised us with the most precious blessing we could have ever hoped for.
I’m fairly candid on here even when I probably shouldn’t be. I’m usually okay with that until I have to actually face the people who read what I write and the potentially judgement therein. I debated posting this, but fatigue has made me reckless. I guess I’ll do damage control as necessary. *shrug*
This interchange between the stable type and our fluid history is key. Our personality profile defines a mode of life in the face of changing events, and our development as a person has everything to do with how we do or do not manage to adapt those patterns to those events. Since those events manifest most clearly in our shadow function, we can talk about the way those functions both have a history and remain stable.
(response by R__)
(The poll is to the left of Margaret Wente’s article, about half way down)
You said once, that you love Germany best? Why is that? Is it because we are not puking on the dancefloor only?
I’m not a stereotype,
Jessica's hesitation earned her a little respect from David.
So I mentioned that I was having trouble with an indie company. Unfortunately nothing has been fixed yet and there's nothing I can really do about it. The company in question is Hi Fi cosmetics. I've reviewed them in the past and absolutely love their products and the owner, Veronica, was always really nice and helpful so I'm really saddened to have to write this.
We’re rugby-mad but not in a good way (page 7)
Waist: 39" (down 0.5"from last week)
So, finally the unanswered question of succession to Mubarak. Although he hadn't officially announced yet, Hosni's son Gamal seemed a likely candidate to take over the reigns. Posters advocating a Gamal Mubarak presidency were already plastered all over downtown Alexandria. So at least they could keep it all in the family, you know, like the best dictators do.
You and your administration have achieved what we thought was impossible in such a short time: you have actually increased misery and sadness inside the state, even as you’ve turned Bengal into the laughing stock of the rest of India. If, under the Left Front, the rest of India used to pity us and snigger at us, now the country is just laughing at us, belly-laughter mixed with open contempt.
One peanut who ‘didn’t thunk it’ was Mark Marangoni, an 18 year old from Melbourne’s, outer west who hosted a quiet gathering for about 300 knuckle-draggers who all became severely offended when residents called police. A barrage of rocks, bricks and bottles were hurled at police and, when the dust settled and four cave-dwellers were arrested, a few interesting facts emerged.
It is my take — for whatever that’s worth — that the kind of ads being run by the Romney Campaign and by the PACs supporting his candidacy are effective when viewed by 65-70% of likely voters. Here’s just one more.
*Why apple slices? Because apples and cheese are another FANTASTIC combo!
I received an invite to an adoption support group at a local church. The event was for families who've adopted, foster to adopt parents, or those in the process of adoption. Another teacher and I decided we would go last week. Although yesterday, I wanted to change my mind. I didn't want to go. But then, sitting in church today, I felt that God was calling me to attend. He wanted me there. So, we went. The gathering was an Easter Egg hunt, combined with an animal entertainer, and a flag raising in front of the church, to honor the country where their most recent adoption came from. My teacher friend and I saw some parents we knew and immediately were introduced to some new faces. We watched in awe the many beautiful faces of children from around the world. We had the opportunity to listen to testimonies of so many successful and unsuccessful adoptions, foster situations. The families were very supportive and open about their journeys. One thing was clear, it was all worth it. They'd do it all over again. I appreciated their honesty and letting us know, adoption and waiting is not an easy thing. God's message was clear though. He's with us, he has been all along. It reminded me of the Footprints story. http://llerrah.com/footprints.htm I believe God's purpose for me being there was another way of saying, "Hang in there, you will be blessed beyond imagination, if you continue to believe." So we are praying for the many other couples and families out there who are continuing to wait and having a difficult time. God be with you.
I am way more passionate about football this year than in the past- like feeling depressed the next day after the game when we don't win.
Tomorrow, I'll read my cards again. Tomorrow, I'll knit something or plant something or rearrange the furniture. I'll make a plan. Right now, I'd like to walk some old places I've already been to times that no longer exist.
My boys got the S'mores cupcake and the Milk Chocolate. I got the Chocolate Marshmallow cupcake for myself and the Black & White and Red Velvet cupcakes as gifts! I really can't recommend a certain flavor because they were ALL good!!
On New Year's Day, I opened the drawer of my bed stand. There was my journal, and Annie's, but Henry's was absent. I gave my room a cursory rummage to no avail. My husband consoled me, saying it's bound to show up somewhere. Still, days later, I have not found it. It's absence is nagging at me. Multiple times a day I open my bed stand drawers, hopeful that by some miracle the journal will be there, found. I've entertained the idea of searching for it in the strangest places - like the big blue garbage cans in the garage - uncertain if these impressions are the product of inspiration or complete lunacy.
The calendar says it is Fall which brings with it cooler, crisper weather. The leaves change colors and we put away the short sleeves and bring out the sweaters...in theory. Unfortunately, Houston is still in the stranglehold of Summer and we will be wearing tank tops and flip flops for the foreseeable future. Regardless of the temperatures, Fall is a time of changes and we in the Banker house are not impervious.
Today, in Vietnamese class, we started doing some stuff with food. We each had a menu and pretended to be ordering food and drinks from imaginary waitresses. It was then that I realised for the past two weeks when I’ve been trying to order “sinh tố thơm” I’ve been pronouncing it “sinh tố tôm.” That simple pronunciation difference, which I still can’t hear, is the difference between ordering a pineapple smoothie to ordering a shrimp smoothie, literally. I’m glad that no one has made me a shrimp smoothie. That would have been nasty.
I am so honored to be recognized for my work and am inspired now to enter more competitions and to work even harder at my photography.
More egregiously, New York 1 reported that project opponents Develop Don't Destroy Brooklyn were "arguing that the plans have actually ballooned over the last two years."
What would we find in your refrigerator right now? Jen responded, “I always imagined how it would be to eat music. So if that was possible, I’d probably keep it in my ‘refrigerator of life’, eat it and never be full up.”
In doing so, they have learned another unintended fact. They know that millions of other people share their commitment to various ideals and causes. They now know they are not alone. They understand they have strength in numbers.
Taylor (Tonje and Kelly´s daughter and a great playmate to Aidan)
… Eyes following the spot light at first saw nothing, nothing but a bar hanging, swaying slightly as if it were an abondandond swing blowing in the wind. As th confused wispers broke the silence out of nowhere a shimmering pink flash jolted to the bar. Swinging,flipping, turning, posing; relfecing the light with an otherworldly glow, the figure had transfixed the onlookers. The eyes traced the sparkle through the air, following he path, admiring her presision. She did not falter or fail; she was an eagle at prey, diving through the air and clasping her tallons around the bar. Only to swing back into effortless grace of a dove freed from containment. Entranced by the beauty above their heads and petrified with fear that a single sound might dare shatter whatever pneonome that kept the sparkle afloat, no one dared to speak . Many wouldn’t be able find the right words to do justice, had they tried. She floated on a cirlclar hoop, slowly spun, allowing the on lookers a long look upon her perfectly slender yet daringly curvious body, before blowing a single kiss and diving into the darkness below , taking the breath of the onlookers with her …
I took them home and started the process of breaking them in to get them ready for Boston. I went on some short runs and eventually used them for my Sunday long runs. My feet sounded like they were plopping on the ground, like I had huge clown shoes on. My feet didn’t feel great, but I figured it was just because they were new.
starting with the perimeter and spun
good morning. how are you? do you have crafty plans this weekend? i am going to try to finish up some projects but i am also going to take some mommy time for my babes. before i go out to play with them in the sunshine, i wanted to share my project this week over at the MME blog.
“It’s strange, Ma,” said Praymar to Lanna, “but something about this seems familiar to me, but I don’t know why… it’s as though I saw all of this happening in a dream long ago.”
Worked like a charm. Karin said it was incredible how much better her neck and shoulders felt.
I was probably nine or ten when I got the idea that beards developed gradually out of uncut sideburns and consequently refused to let my sideburns be trimmed for several consecutive haircuts. The barber teased me about Elvis. Other people wondered if I was trying to look like Spock. In different clothing and with a little curl, I would have looked more like a young Hasid. At some point, I figured out that no new hairs were about to start growing under my sideburns and stopped.
we are attaching the hop order so you are able to SPRING right on through
Oh! Canada, We Stand On Guard For Thee
There is some sort of sorcery involved in flan. The caramelized sugar that you line the moulds with, and that immediately turns solid, somehow turns into liquid caramel gold when you serve the flan. I don't know why - I think you have to have an in with the Mexican gods to get the real answers.
2006 – Two cubs born late 2006; Ingwelala male and sibling (possibly Voel Dam female – no positive ID)
"Memory is the greatest curse ever inflicted on mankind," drama critic Jed Leland (Joseph Cotten) says at one point in the film and this line in many ways reflects what made this movie such a breakthrough. Citizen Kane explores a sort of existential mystery, attempting to encapsulate one man's life by deciphering the meaning of his dying word. Welles proved a wonder in his film debut, playing the title character, producing, directing and co-writing the movie — all at the tender age of 25.
Items from the Lefferts collection span centuries of history, from when the Lefferts family first settled in Flatbush in 1660. The family came to own large tracts of property, not only in Brooklyn, but in Queens County, Staten Island and New Jersey as well.
Would I want everything in my house to operate in the most complicated possible manner? Do I want to live in a world where molehills are intentionally turned into mountains? Oh heavens no. Can you imagine trying to navigate your daily obligations while at the mercy of a crank and fifty gears for each task? Perish the thought! We don't have time for everything we do to be about the journey, rather than the destination. Everything cannot, and should not, be complicated like this wonderful winecork puller-outer.
Do not live beyond your means. This takes time and a change in attitude to accomplish. The rise of consumer credit in the past few years has made it far too easy to buy items without being able to pay, and the bills are coming due. Spend some significant time studying your finances, and set a realistic budget to which you can stick.
26 - A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking.
14. Black is beautiful (alternate version instrumental)
I made this in the Sugarcreekforge build along and was very happy with it. For those of you who do not know of the sugarcreekforge build along it was a youtube event where we all learned how to make our first knife out of files and hand tools. My knife was made out of 1095 and Kyley's is made out of O1 tool steel with a more sophisticated heat treat to
Stay because there’s nothing else you’d rather do.
Along the way, I have found these two books (Yoga for Women by Karin Bjorkegren and Yoga for Your Life by Margaret and Martin Pierce) to be useful for well executed postures/poses, detailed explanations and insightful tips on breath, movement and additional wholesome health thoughts. Let’s face it, we cannot always sneak away to practice in a studio, but we can find at least 30 minutes at home to move, breath, stretch and be. We owe it to ourselves to live fully. And even if you are a runner, a swimmer, or a CrossFit junkie, yoga might be the calming oasis or peaceful centering addition to your exercise regime (and bonus points, practicing yoga offers an amazing workout).
What difference does the weather make you ask? Well, for me, it means my children spend all day hosing each other off to keep cool and I'm constantly picking up wet, dirty, molding clothes out of the back yard. If you come around my house between May and September, you're likely to get flashed by a streaking child. Don't say I didn't warn you...
38. Only The Strong Survive- Jerry Butler
Corporate sponsorship of large non record company affiliated releases available free at the point of download competing on even terms with a wildly abundant and creative panoply of niche, alternative self-employed suppliers making high value artisanal products.
The body was quite heavy and left you in no doubt that you were drinking a beer with a certain gravitas. There was an initial blast of moderate ginger bitterness on the tongue which followed through in the aftertaste. However, the aggressive expected ginger assault never materialised. I was rather left with the impression that this was a 6% beer that just happened to have ginger added.
Now for the inside....
When Danny asked me if I’d be available to take a few photos, the smile froze on my face.
Stein, who was Jewish, supported the puppet Vichy regime in France in the Second World War through her friend, historian and Nazi collaborator Bernard Fay. The Metropolitan Museum of Art recently agreed to update an exhibition of Stein's work with a reference to her Nazi connections.
Good morning! I was so busy posting my December Memories album last month that I didn't get a chance to share a couple more projects for Emma's Paperie. All of the designers created a project using amazing transparencies and rub-ons by Hambly Studios. And this "Very Merry" layout is what I came up with for my project. I created the color scheme based on the colors in the girls' Christmas dresses. And I actually got a little technique happy and made "snow globes" with the transparencies. For a complete supply list, please visit the Emma's Paperie blog here.
My fear for Hodgson is that once England are knocked out (not good enough to win the tournament) is that he will have a whole load of abuse thrown at him from the fans and press, that he does not deserve.
1/04 - 05: 300 Follistim/4 Menopur
Clocks always grab my attention, and these clock faces, shared by eleven-o-one were no exception. What's so terrific about these faces though, is that they were crafted with old cd's and some clock face images. They were made for a women's retreat whose theme was, "For Such a Time as This". Sounds like a wonderful retreat, that was fabulously decorated.
Walking further and further, the body is starting to feel the distance.
Her June 10, 1950 obit in the New York Times was short and to the point: Dora Lillie Mahler was the "devoted daughter of Tillie and the late Meyer Mahler, dear sister of Henrietta Burk; David Mahler; Sarah Smith; Morris Mahler; Ida Volk; and Mary Markell." I wish I knew more about great-aunt Dora.
In the few years I have lived on this planet; in what the pious claim: my physical form, for the greater part of my being is of a metaphysical nature, I have come to question this idea of culture we have grown within our midst. Maybe I don’t speak for all of the islands of the Philippines, for within the various niches, individual identities differing from the monotony may exist, however, as I continue to reside in my own area, I take it as it comes.
Sandy, Sylvia, and Wren have decided that this memorial will be the last My World post. My World was Klaus's baby, and to continue without him doesn't seem right. We will continue to remember and to miss him even as we know he can never be replaced.
In our case it’s muddled
5. Bus 29 (Oberg, Fredriksz) 3:34
CD 5: Start stimming
“I guess, but it’s not my concern.”
"This is not about deceiving just a man in the street. It is about deceiving the Conference of Rulers and the agong.
I have spent hours working on a plan that will cover all of our living expenses, pay off our debt, and allow us to purchase a home by the end of 2014. Two and a half years of living as we are will allow us much more in the end. I’m utilizing a snowball method to payoff our debts, less our student loans which we will maintain for the continued boost to our credit.
The Lord God says to you, My flock: I am going to judge between one sheep and another, between the rams and male goats. Isn’t it enough for you to feed on the good pasture? Must you also trample the rest of the pasture with your feet? Or isn’t it enough that you drink the clear water? Must you also muddy the rest with your feet? Yet My flock has to feed on what your feet have trampled, and drink what your feet have muddied. (Ezekiel 34:17-19)
Enter Miss Gracie. She was diagnosed with a medical condition shortly after the McGunigles brought her home and was placed on a steroid, Prednisone. She has since made a full recovery and has already made a name for herself in New York area competitions.
Contact MileagePlus by mail or phone
Knowing The laws
didn't save any to try that way. You notice I say sorta and
33 Dance, Dance, Dance
But it was such a fun weekend, and I went to one of their baby showers, and found out a different roommate is pregnant, and two roommates are going to Europe this summer, and one is moving to Michigan, and the other possibly to Kansas....
a few years ago i was smitten with a new obsession: family genealogy exploration. my wonderful maternal grandma had planted the seed with her amazing years of extensive family history research. i think it's such a fascinating field.
Overall Height: 13"
AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE
In the meantime, a good friend of mine who is, surprisingly, from outside our SN Community, sent me a link to this article, called Aeir Talk Gives A Father’s Autistic Kids A Voice. The App for Communication looks very promising, and when I get some time I intend to download it and give it a shot.
Maybe she was right, I thought to myself…. and what did I have to lose?
What am I missing?
In addition to this special anniversary CD bundle, HSN will also offer an exclusive, limited-edition, Gibson Epiphone guitar with a commemorative 25th anniversary, hand-signed Randy Travis plaque…”a perfect gift for Father’s Day,” according to HSN.
Being a mother can be so challenging at times. My 11 year old daughter and 12 year old son have there own personal war going on, that no one else seems to get. It starts in the morning before school, after school and continues on until someone or both ends up going to bed early. They have a very difficult time being in the same room with one another without picking at one another, instigating arguments, or doing something intentionally to make the other one angry.
My wife and I went to have an ultrasound yesterday and found out that we are expecting triplets. We already have a 2 year old daughter and the thought of adding 3 more and doubling our family was a bit overwhelming. Not to mention the fact that the doctor doing the ultrasound was incredibly negative. He put on the doomsday cap and started telling us everything that could go wrong and that we should consider a selective reduction around week 10-12 mark.
Can't really do a certified review of this one. It did taste fantastic, but it wasn't exactly carbonated yet. Kinda weird since it's been bottled almost a week longer then my lager. I poured a 22 oz bomber and split that for both Kevin and I. You could see the start of carbonation, but it clearly needs to sit another week. Actually, after tasting it, we feel that it tasted pretty green and that it could use about a month to sit and mellow. It was very complex. The great thing about it is, the woodiness of the maple sap really came through. It almost tasted like it had been aged in oak barrels to me. Also very present was the aroma of coffee. I'll update a better review once it's sat for another month and has had time to fully carbonate and to mellow a bit.
(One of Layton's last poems, found in Box 31 of the Layton collection at Concordia University in Montreal. A
OH FUCKING HELL, SERIOUSLY??
I mean, obviously it'll never replace press advertising or anything! That would be fucking disastrous! But it's really becoming quite prominent all across the globally digitised interconnected world we all live in today, the future, now, tomorrow.
We’ve covered first names, we’ve covered surnames, how about first names + surnames oddness? Never had any problems registering my actual full name for email addresses or usernames.This is because it’s never taken, because I am the only Olivia Bellas. Of course. Remember – rare.
Don't trust the pull
I'm getting to know the products!
1. Sharp Dressed Man 4:43
I used a Swarovski flat-backed crystal as the focal then bead embroidered around it. The fringe off the bottom also features Swarovski crystals and a Swarovski tear drop. They look stunning in person and my mom is thrilled with them not looking like "old lady" earrings. PLUS they are super lightweight, so her ears won't get a headache from carrying around anything too heavy!
Hoot Suite is a must have for any business owner. Social media has integrated itself into our everyday life, and it’s not going anywhere anytime soon. Social media can be just as influential as brick-and-mortar stores in shaping public opinion. So HootSuite has made it easy to stay on top of your social media updates.
When visitors came over, they would hang up their bacon to show off.
“Let us take a look at the facility first.” said Ethan.
WHAT ELSE THE PANEL SAID :
No, but I did have coconut iced tea! Coconut! Yum! The best flavor on earth!
The Brother machine is $250 while the Janome is $450. The Brother machine has 90 built in stitches, including monograms, while the Janome only has 50. I can't say I will definitely use all the built in stitches but the capability to monogram could be pretty awesome. However, the Janome is available from the trusted local repair shop I took my baby to, while the Brother would have to be order online from someone. I did briefly play around with the Janome at the repair shop and though it was pretty standard machine that will work wonderfully but at almost twice the cost of the Brother it is hard justify. Although my Janome serger is a trooper. I have had it for 6-7 years and have (wince) never had it serviced or oiled and it still runs wonderfully, just a little nosier. Does anyone have experience with either of these machines and/or brands that they can help me decide?
boots — Antonio Melani (thrifted)
As we walked in the door, the ranch owner Don extended his hand and introduced himself. He described his products in detail for us. They sell dry aged beef with no hormones or antibiotics directly from their own ranch.
I take a spray bottle of homemade wipe solution, a few prestuffed pocket diapers, a small grovia wet bag (which holds about 4-6 diapers), a small bag with plenty of cloth wipes, and a changing mat in my diaper bag whenever we go out. I place everything dirty in the wet bag, pull the draw string tight, place it in the diaper bag and it works really well for us. We don't have issues with bad smells and I prefer to use cloth on the go even though it means more to carry around, because with cloth, we don't have messy blowouts that end up on his clothes. It actually saves me more time. .
For the next few weeks, therefore, I have a cleaner and a chauffeur. This ought to where I find a comfortable chaise longue and hire a bronzed grape-peeling attendant.
Grungeboard letters
...buy a decent bottle of wine and down it with a stellar friend if having a fat day. It's cheaper than therapy, cleaner than colonic irrigation and unlike a shotgun, you don't need a licence.
By the way, the tugboat shown most completely in the 4th foto is the 1943 46.5′ Linda G. I don’t know where she was built. Pegasus is 96′ and 1907-built in Baltimore. The goslings, hatch of 2012, were about 4″ long.
This kept me off the mat for a class or two. My doctor didn’t find anything on the x-rays and put me on crutches. Meanwhile, I sat on the sidelines during class itching to be back on the mat. I couldn’t take it and started thinking of ways to practice. There are techniques in seated positions that we learned. If we could do some, why couldn’t I do all of the techniques we learned in seated positions? I had to adapt to a physical limitation. I got back on the mat and fellow aikidoka willing to work with my own limitations happily partnered with me and our sensei helped me make adjustments as needed.
”Shuddup, I said! They'z get what they'z want (gesturing toward prisoners) and we'z gonna get the shipment we wantz, see? That's all you need to think about, ya dumb bastards,” barked the blond man.
I'm also entering this at:
In many ways, the Ozarks world of Winter’s Bone harbors a way of life that seems to have changed little since the Great Depression. Oh sure, the cars and clothes are newer, and the local underground industry has switched from moonshine to crystal meth. But the mentality feels mostly the same- fierce territoriality, a strained-at-best relationship to the Law, and tenuous blood ties that only hold up to the point where they stop being useful. It’s a pocket of America that feels like a distant planet compared to the contemporary suburban sprawl, to say nothing of the big city, and it’s the kind of place where those who hail from elsewhere thank the heavens that they weren’t born, and where those who were born there rarely manage to escape.
I reach my cave and in I go
Ginger root helps with chest congestion. Other useful herbs include cardamom, eucalyptus, spearmint, rosemary, sweet Annie, nutmeg, lavender, bee balm, peppermint, tansy, mallows, and mullein.
Scott, you also wanted me to offer you some general writing advice on a few topics, and for you I think the best thing would be to start at the beginning of this blog and work your way forward, since I've covered pretty much every topic under the sun right now - if you get to the end and find that you've got more specific questions that haven't been answered, please do email me again.
Take a look at the events of the past few weeks.
Wow, powerful. God has certainly taught you what struggles and triumphs look like and its wonderful to know you have walked through to the other side and found God’s goodness.
Price Wars Are Informing U . s . Get pleasure from Cheap Car Insurance Price ranges This Thirty days!
The Book of Lost Fragrances fuses history, passion, and suspense, moving from Cleopatra’s Egypt and the terrors of revolutionary France to Tibet’s battle with China and the glamour of modern-day Paris. Jac’s quest for the ancient perfume someone is willing to kill for becomes the key to understanding her own troubled past.
--why it’s tough to win eminent domain challenges in New York state and how it might change (short answer: structural bias in favor of condemnors, but a spotlight on bad practices has emerged)
After my beautiful child was born, Fabio did not cope at all. I suppose that once he saw this baby shit got real. He came to the conclusion that he couldn’t be the father and off we went on the rigmarole of DNA tests so my son could have his Father’s name on his birth certificate. It was a little stressful and my respect for him waned big time but hey – what can you do? You can’t force someone to be a man and face up to their responsibilities. They can only do it when they are ready.
Had a fabulous day yesterday – a nice blend of work and fun. I love it when I’m exhausted at the end of the day and maaaan, did I pass out. Got some work for Lucy done and went for a long drive up A1A. Delray Beach is having the Delray Affair (big arts and crafts and food show), which means everyone and their brother is downtown. Which means I will be nowhere near downtown. I went once. That was enough for the next 10 years.
Professionals and intellectuals – in practice this included almost everyone with an education, or even people speaking english or wearing glasses (which, according to the regime, meant that they were literate).
It was on this web site that I came across marketing professor Rajendra Sisodia (who has his MBA in Marketing from the Bajaj Institute of Management in Mumbai, India and a PhD in Marketing from Columbia University), who believes that traditional marketing is going away. He argues that companies that perform well in today’s business landscape may not even spend any money on marketing at all.
Fascinated by collections me, it is a peculiar and in many cases an almost irrational pursuit.
As we drove up, it was neat to have the state capitol right in front of our eyes! David wanted us to swing in but we weren't sure if they just let anyone in, plus I'm sure Jon would rather wait for a republican to be running the joint first.
Musically it sounds like a mix of Uriah heep '72 and early Beggars Opera.
Gregory: but what about Congress - after all
I am the child that is misunderstood.
2-4pm, Granta Bar, ground floor, University Centre, Granta Place, off Mill Lane. The bar is no longer serving, but we collect drinks from the Cafe on the top floor and use the bar space.
When you realize where you come from,
A recent study by California’s Research and Policy Center concluded that even residential solar in California could reach grid parity by 2015. This is because the falling price of solar panels and the increasing number of installers means that competition has driven down the cost per watt, to an estimated $5.25 per watt installed by 2015.
After the “big break” itself was over, I wasn’t the same person. I had the same interests, but I no longer feel that I can take the Ph.D path. And thus I feel like my life is a failure.
Yet again we see the familiar pattern; an immigrant from an alien country abusing the hospitality of Australians by using his position to abuse a vulnerable member of their society.
(San Remo, Italy) — For the first time in my life, I have had the opportunity to visit the Italian city of San Remo which played an historic role in the prophetic rebirth of the modern Jewish State of Israel.
To dance and make merry and steal the unwary!
As an inspirational speaker and business coach I get the wonderful opportunity to work and interact with many entrepreneurs and small business owners across the country. I am energized as I connect with people who are pursuing their dreams of personal economic empowerment. Even if their business is not where they desire it to be when we initially meet, hope gleams in their eyes and they have the expectation of a bright future.
c) a national currency puts an halt to any territorial doubts
They blinded her and she flinched away, afraid of the bright light that drowned out the world. The man released her hand and was behind her in an instant. Her handbag dropped to the floor and she tried to blink away the white spots in her vision and they multiplied.
FG: Again, I think you need to see the pictures of Rodes online then see the one of me as Rodes. Looking just like your real life character, I have to admit, made it a little easier, but on the other hand, it provided a lot of pressure because after visiting his burial site in Lynchburg, Virginia, I felt like I had a lot to be accountable for—to try to deliver a resemblance of this man, not only in looks, but character, integrity, the whole ball of wax. I read as much as I could. I visited the actual battle grounds, walked the grounds of VMI, and I even talked to him, or tried to, a few times asking for his help. I know that sounds strange but I did! Every time I put on the uniform I would say, “Ok Robert Rodes, let’s do this together”.
I’ve been doing interval training for a little while and had got to the point where I could run for half the time i allotted myself and walk the rest, so I decided to get on the distance goal. 5km.
Unlockables:
The controller c4 will be disabled. The entries for paths on controller c4
I know that's actually Peg on Vancouver Island but I was short on space. Anyway, congratulations! Email me your address Peg and chose your mug from that original picture. Remember Pablo got the most red one.
When we become a resource for accurate information our children are able to turn to us for cues as to what might be an appropriate behavior in a new situation. When we are involved in our children's lives we have a better idea of what situations are appropriate for our children and how we can support them so they can enjoy a new experience. When we remain connected with our children in any situation we are aware of what is going on with and around our children which enables us to offer positive support or information as it is needed. When we make our relationship with our children the most important priority in our life we get to have more fun as we explore the world together.
Well, no use in spilling all them beans.
MLA: What harm does this do?
B4 Coup De Grace Aufziehen
Place in glass casserole.
In a large mixing bowl, whip the butter and cream cheese together with a hand-held electric mixer. Gradually beat in the confectioners' sugar until it is all combined and smooth. Beat in the orange zest and juice. Spread over brownies.
We all have our reasons for not going after what we really want. "The timing isn't right," we might say to ourselves, or "I'm just waiting for XYZ to happen," or "Everything needs to be perfect." The list goes on and on...
Finding that bridge between the two, and helping them work together brings you closer to your fully functioning self.
by Ariane Marder
- Responsive - NOT SURE
Latinos United for Change (Latinos Unidos para Cambio) is a grassroots community organization in the Illinois rural heartland seeking to bring about progressive, people centered change. The mission of the organization is to empower Latinos and new immigrants to become full partners in the local, state and national dialogue on justice issues that affect their future. Resulting from a process of issue identification, direct action and reflection the current organizing issues include: comprehensive immigration reform, passage of a Illinois “Dream Act”, protecting undocumented worker rights, and stopping the pipeline from expulsion to prison for school age Latinos.
I got so much shit about being friends with him from my mom and other people that I stopped talking to him. He tried to talk to me many times but I had decided that I cared what other people thought about my choices. By the time I realized shutting him out was wrong, he was done talking to me. He got deep into heavy drugs. A few months later he tried to get in contact with me and I ignored him. Three days later he died. I have blamed myself ever since. No one ever said it was my fault, of course. They tell me that he was crazy about me and that I was good for him. His mother loves me and always buys me presents while I am always feeling like I should tell her how sorry I am.
From some Ravaillac and a bit of Nonotte
a) Local Council Elections at Quorum of 66.6% in each district.
Real estate investing would not live without charm and respect.
"I am just too much." ~Bette Davis
with Christmas dinner and bought all M&S food
You might be a little irritated and uncomfortable with the way your life appears today, and want more changes.
I'm not half the man I used to be, (awkward, cause I'm ALL WOMAN)
as they really look or wait maybe
Mitch commanded to Rob that if, they ever saw Leslie again, she would be his forever. So when the boys went to separate Universities there were no reasons for Rob to tell Mitch he had found Leslie. She had undergone a transformation for the worse. Rob knew his love could save her from the evils of her new life, so they married and he gave her a daughter, Lisa.
Pretty soon we'll be doing Back to School planning. Can I say how much I'm looking forward to the kids going back to school! It will be so nice to not be policing computer time and organizing sleep overs.
After discovering "no one" at any of my doors and turning on porch lights and flood lights......I did become a bit concerned. I figured it was a prank, but there is always a little doubt in your mind that maybe something more sinister is at work. I called my grandson. I asked him if he had been here, by any chance....just clowning around. He said no, why? I told him. He became concerned. Within minutes he and his friends were here checking out my yard and then they retreated to an area where they could watch and sat there for about a half hour, just watching. Nothing was amiss and they didn't even see any gangs of kids. My grandson is grown and his friends are BIG. I was glad they had my back.
i am writing to you and i feel as if there is so much to tell you. I am hoping you are well and that you are catching moments of quiet happiness. as i write you i feel exhausted but the good kind, the kind that has your heart full. it has been a strange road the positive things have have left the bad behind. honestly i feel as if the clouds opened up and dropped pixie dust on me ( i have never written pixie dust before) but it is true. the kind acts that have come my way as of late are beyond my imagination. aran has replaced my broken computer with one of her own and when i received it , i kept saying is this really happening ( aran, thank you). then finding out that another gift is on it's way. i am overwhelmed and find myself wanting to invite the whole world to sit under that magical cloud.
i love my parents.
Nadine tweeted last night, saying; “A few weeks ago Jason and i broke up. We are great friends and decided we are better this way. Im in NYC working & I love all your support.x”
Even if I don’t contest there, if Umno … you see we have 19,000 or 20,000 Umno members in Jerantut. If every Umno member votes for a BN candidate, there’s no way Jerantut will lose to the Opposition.
“Wasn’t the other bloke accused?”
Most of us never expected to see the day that Liberal Democrats would be sitting round the cabinet table, or putting Liberal Democrat policies into practice, such as taking the poor out of tax, helping disadvantaged schools, setting up an environmental bank, installing fixed term parliaments, protecting the
Hey there ~ I'm back today with a few more pages from my Alaska Project & I sure hope your not getting sick of these pages because I haven't even gotten to the cruise portion of our trip! Today I've got lots of "bits and pieces" to show you. The reason I'm calling it that is because I used bits and pieces of journaling blocks, tags, stickers and stamped images on these pages. Once again I've used the Simple Stories Destination kit along with stamps by Unity, Hero Arts, and Technique Tuesday.
If I can find enough of the original actors, there is the possibility of recreating an entire episode of DOOMWATCH and producing a totally new unofficial soundtrack. So if you are lucky enough to know any of the original actors that could be contacted for any of the missing episodes of DOOMWATCH (listed on this site, (a lot of which ,also featured in DOCTOR WHO), and are willing to supply just a few lines of dialogue, then please give us a shout on the Doomwatch Facebook page.
Here’s a sample code snippet that demonstrates the use of private key retrieved from the key store for signing:
Within a few moments, the technician had declared the pregnancy to be early enough to undergo a medical abortion. She handed Tori a towel to wipe the gel off her stomach. She was led to the large armchair where she was told she would be injected with the chemical that would stop the pregnancy from growing. Nadine showed her the three tablets she had to take in three days in order to expel the tissue. She wiped her bicep with some alcohol and then stuck her syringe in the vial with the Methotrexate, lifted it up and drew out the contents.
I was in line at US customs on my way to New York City yesterday (I’m presenting today in the Big Apple on crowdsourcing) and this cute older French lady in front of me was asking her friend all sorts of questions about the customs process. It was obvious that she had never been through the grind that is customs before.
**Wanna know more about Boss Tweed and the Tweed Ring? Tune in on Friday!
cropped polo neck sweaters
My friend Zelma is one of the most amazing watercolor artists I know. Her sense of color is clear and true, and she has this incredible way of doing detail without overworking the painting. I absolutely love her work -- go see for yourself, and I guarantee you will love it, too.
On Saturday the Bulldogs host UNC-Greensboro, which is 2-14 and only has one D-1 victory, that over winless Towson. The Spartans are on their second coach of the campaign, as longtime boss Mike Dement resigned in December. It was inevitable, especially after UNCG’s 22-point loss to North Carolina A&T two weeks before.
So, this is what is on my sleek, shiny, new refrigerator. I’ve only been here since October, and my kitchen now feels like me.
If you want to know more, then you need to read more. But do you?
all dressed up ,you all feel so fake
Moderation is something humans don’t do well without divine intervention. Over-indulgence is something we more easily gravitate towards. Fortunately there is hope for us. I believe capitalism can be redeemed by those with a Biblical worldview and a willingness to do business God’s way.
As for the cast, Jennifer Lawrence owns Katniss. She’s prickly, devoted to her family, and hellbent on survival. She gives Katniss a rich emotional life without saying a single word. Her rapport and chemistry with Willow Shields, who plays a delicate, startled Prim, and Amandla Stenberg, who plays a quiet, trusting Rue, are absolutely brilliant. Josh Hutcherson’s Peeta is seemingly earnest and adaptable, while Liam Hemsworth’s briefly seen Gale is dependable and good-natured. (Two things—one, holy crow, the Hemsworth men are ridiculously attractive, and two, my audience cracked up pretty much every time we cut from the Games to Gale watching at home.) The Capitol adults are fascinating, especially Seneca Crane. The film spends some time on the actual production of the Games, as overseen by Seneca, and to see him take pride in well-crafted murder games is a special kind of horror. I should also mention Lenny Kravitz as a low-key Cinna, who, just as in the book, remains the one man who connects the deepest with Katniss, and Donald Sutherland as a calm President Snow. As we barely see in the novel, I can’t compare. And last, but certainly not least, is Stanley Tucci’s Caesar Flickerman. To quote Cleolinda Jones (…yeah, my review is essentially a “ditto” of hers), “[he] manages just the right combination of complicit, outrageous, compassionate, fake and sincere.” It’s truly an incredible amount of talent and hard work on display here, which, to be totally honest, I never expected out of an adaptation of this novel. Well done, everyone, well done.
I’m not one for dwelling on the past. I’m not one for regret. But I do believe in learning from the past, reflecting on our experience, and I understand how unresolved issues from the past can exert a powerful influence on us all in the present. Feelings of hurt and loss, of abandonment or rejection can create deep emotional and behavioural patterns based on harmful beliefs around low self-worth that I often see manifesting in anger and depression. They can also give rise to forms of self-abuse and addiction – consuming excessive amounts of food or alcohol and other drugs to change the way we feel, or to stop feeling altogether.
Resurface, supple and strong as ever.
At certain levels there are new things you can do. You can unlock the talent panel, the dungeon finder, mounts, as well as the continents of Outland and Northrend.
Here was my submission (even though I can already see things I'd like to change!):
I've really come to appreciate Monday in the last two weeks. I usually work on Tuesday and Wednesday, have pre-school co-op on Thursday and then the weekend starts! Sunday has become a "work day"...so by Monday I'm thrilled to relax, clean-up, spend time with the kids and re-charge for the week ahead.
Asked Kelly.
This is a marvelous thing for which I am ever thankful.
Thank you for stopping by and taking a look! I hope your inspired to purchase this lovely kit if you have not already!
Then again, I think we got that from all the fighting so I’m not sure we needed the narration. What we really didn’t need is the sudden starting and stopping of laughter–we get it, he’s crazy. That bit really broke the movie for me. It was the first crack that made sure nothing else in the movie would be tense because I didn’t care about this guy anymore. I just wanted him to stop.
The question is not whether we will be extremists, but what kind of extremists we will be. The nation and the world are in dire need of creative extremists.
Capt. Vincent Brunton, 43, New York, N.Y.
Patterned Paper - Kraft (The Paper Studio), Colored (Recollections), White (American Crafts)
every time sydney saw concert advertisements on nickjr., she screamed.
And one dreamed us.
2. SEC - 5.67
And then last night I got on Facebook and the LiG group, looking for photos and shared memories and more fun. I found those things. But I also found regrets and complaints and reports about even more unfortunate events that had taken place. I got rather depressed.
I just wanted to remind ya about my flower tute that's coming up really soon at the Flying Unicorn. It will be on December the 17th, but why wait till then? There some amazing tutes going on right now go check'em out! Hope to see ya there! Goodnight all and God bless!
For deep-cleaning wood, Guardsman Wood Cleaner and Wood Polish (2 different bottles), retailers nationwide: A smart duo to protect and shine wood furniture: The foaming cleaner removes build-up; the polish, well, polishes.
The Verdict: I must say, I have never been so satiated. The rich flavor of the mildly hot sauce and the crunchiness of the the chicken were like fireworks playing in your mouth. I kid you not when I say; you haven’t tasted chicken if you haven’t tasted Manang’s Chicken.
Denise J. #48! Denise sweet and shabby baby card just stole my heart this week! The soft pink, vanilla and kraft color palette along with the buttons, baby onesie and all the love put into this handmade from the heart card was breathtaking ... well done, Denise! Thanks so much for sharing your talents with us all in the Tea Room this week :)
Well honey I'm getting hungry, so will close this, and dig something up to eat before hitting the hay. I can hear Ed out in the kitchen, munching away, so I will start an investigation. So long.
I ventured
Dandy Warhols Every day should be a holiday US
(Each dog mush have the latest vaccination record upon registration)
RAINBOW TROUT ROE – $28 / 1oz
Dirty Dog once supported the Bernie Torme Band at the Marquee. Cliff Cresswell noted that Bernie Torme had quite a bad stutter, but it didn't seem to affect him once on stage. There's certainly nothing stuttering about this fine muso-punk 45.
The Spirit clearly says that in later times some will abandon the faith and follow deceiving spirits and things taught by demons.
Tammy’s bucket list:
"But the dishes!"
Fast forward to December 28, 2011 and I've been reading up on all of the recent ISKCON ( International Society for Krishna Consciousness) related news. Two or three times a year I'll check out the numerous web / blog sites and try and get a feel for the current issues that they are dealing with.The whole modern Hare Krishna movement was begun single handily by a 69 year old Indian reunciate preacher In a small Second Ave. N.Y.C. storefront in 1966. It slowly splintered apart almost from the day the founder of ISKCON, A.C.Bhaktivedanta Prabhupada, died in November of 1977. Before passing away he named eleven senior devotees to be in charge, but all too quickly there were various power struggles and conflicts that still haven't been totally resolved as of today. The late 1970's, and into the 1980's sadly had numerous cases of young children being sexually molested in the movement's school system, and many of the original eleven handpicked disciples that formed the Governing Body Commission (GBC) had either quit (" fell down" ), died, or been forced to resign over various sex, drugs, and money issues. ISKCON today is very vibrant in its native India, and has had varying degrees of success in finding new devotees in Eastern Europe, Africa and Asia. The U.S. temples have gradually changed from a proselytizing emphasis based on distributing Prabhupad's books, to one of retrenchment that now largely caters to the local Indian communities that are their major support group. The counter - culture in 1966 was ready to throw off all of the "Establishments" views including having a career focused life, with traditional Christian values and rituals. More than a few people decided to tune in, turn on, and drop out. But it wasn't all drugs that they were turning on to.
Due to a series of unfortunate events—including her unwillingness to divulge her true identity, the evil Lady Beatrix's machinations, and because it makes for a more interesting story—Rowena is forced to live as a slave in the household. She becomes the personal property of Warrick, a stern and cold master. While serving him at the table, her thoughts are rebellious.
*HSN Arcade hosts 25 games, including the exclusive Today’s Special Jigsaw Puzzle, Lights! Camera! Subtraction! (featuring HSN’s celebrities), Crossword Puzzles, Word Search, Mahjongg, Dimensions, Sudoku, Treasure Hunt, BlackJack and more.
We celebrated #2's birthday Sunday after #3 and the Man of the House got home from
Lamentations of the Flame Princess
04 My Kingdom
Tough, bleak, and deeply atmospheric; Rhys wrests a gripping—even phantasmagoric—narrative from the solitary perambulations of an alcoholic woman in Paris.
L: lol, and why is that?
"And how can we win,
So, I wanted to create an extra special, vintage and over the top girlie card to send off to her to help express my sincere gratitude for her generosity and kindness! Words don't seem to be 'enough' to convey how much this simple gesture touched my heart! I guess I'm a bit emotional these days with the impending surgery so close. I don't know why ... I seem to cry at the drop of a hat these days ... I know the surgery is 'best', but I'm having a hard time coming to terms with the emotional side of everything. I'm 47 ... our family is more than complete and we don't want any additional children ... my hubby assures me that he'll still look at me the same way ... my emotions are raw and really close to the surface :(
This film left many questions unanswered about what had happened to cause a loving father in a 'perfect' family to smash the wife he had always adored over the head with the blunt end of an axe. Most unfortunately the eldest son, Henry, who was 16 at the time, witnessed the immediate aftermath of this atrocious act and has been trying to live with the impact of it ever since, including protecting his little brother who was then just ten.
The last few days have seen me finish my first tutorial! It uses the gorgeous Season of Joy stamp set from Stampin' Up! This was one of the first sets I brought and I still love it! The great thing is a few of the stamps in this set can be used all year round - so not just for Christmas! I've included a couple of bonus ideas with the tutorial to show just that! :)
PLEASE DON'T DRINK AND DRIVE
I think that applies, but now that I'm a grown-up, I don't have anyone to warn me.
OH and did I mention that the pokus end is roughly a K sizewise and without an expandus alongus spell, it's roughly 9 3/4 inches of hooky magic.
A deceptive map
Wings--5507-T, 5527-T
What an old grump I am! At least I got dressed.
Then, clutching a pint glass containing a local cider brew, we sidled into the main theatre for one of the main highlights of the Festival... Onto the stage came not only our poet laureate, clad in a flowing grey top, but a musician by the name of John Sampson who proceeded to floor us with his playing of penny whistles, recorders of all sorts, crump horns and goat horns, at one point donning a Mozart wig. Oh he was so clever. Acted with his eyes and had everyone in stitches. Or he had us on the verge of tears... as he accompanied CAD in her reading of some of her poems. She in turn accompanied us on a journey through the gamut of emotion – we laughed at her observations, and we nodded in understanding and in awe, and we cried. At least I did – when she finished with a poem about her mother. But they were good tears!
These sisters didn’t hide their confusion and hurt and Jesus didn’t rebuke them for confronting Him. In this case, Jesus quickly answered their questions. He called Lazarus up from the tomb and displayed His power over life and death. He asked a question in return ,“Did I not tell you that if you believe, you will see the glory of God?” (John 11:40, NIV).
I tend not to make New Year's resolutions because I have goals that I set for myself all year long. But this year I did announce 2 goals that I intend to seriously tackle: writing and publishing my cookbook and finally reaching my weight loss goal of weighing exactly half of what I used to weigh.
1 10 oz. package frozen spinach, defrosted and drained
This will be only the second meeting all-time between the Hoyas and the Longhorns, who last met during the 1971-72 season, a 78-70 GU loss.
Chris Dee
Schenck’s been dead now for almost a century. What happened to him was a grave miscarriage of justice, and I’m appalled that he hasn't been honored as a folk hero, a poster boy for the First Amendment. It doesn’t really matter whether fighting WWI was the right thing to do or not. He wasn’t distributing false information. He wasn’t giving away national secrets. He was expressing an opinion, and it’s astounding that a nation that prides itself on being the “land of the free” locked him up for doing that.
Nicole Farhi Charlotte brogues, Brown Thomas €360
World Vision now has 40,000 staff members in nearly 100 countries. That’s more staff members than CARE, Save the Children and the worldwide operations of the United States Agency for International Development — combined.
but we ate them, just the same.
The initial ache and pain has seemed to dull slightly. Some days it is a very deafening pain, while others it's quite transparent. I am beginning to get a grasp on what 'living' without her really is. Now we have moved past the 'coping' and moved into the surviving. We have embarked upon a new journey down a different path. I always take a rest along the way, close my eyes and try to imagine how differently our journey would have been. I miss her terribly and that is something that has never dulled. That, I'm sure, it never will.
How does Paul’s belief perform against our criteria? Let’s take a look.
I believed in better days, where we were all tight-knit like we used to be. Mom would light the candles in the bathroom that proliferated through the house, making each room smell like Vanilla Cinnamon or Cucumber Melon. And we’d open the doors, and the Indian summers would come along and breeze through the hallways, past the photos my mother took from her trips to Arizona and the Midwest, trying to find the reddest of rocks and the border where the thunder strikes the day-scorched ground.
By month’s end, I’ll have the revised medieval novel, mentioned above. I’ll also have full control back over MEGAN&LIAM. So, I’ll finish all revisions to M&L, and then publish it to Smashwords, and re-publish the revised version to Amazon.
In another study in England that analyzed more than 10,000 vegetarians and meat eaters, researchers concluded there was a direct relationship between the amount of meat consumed and the chances of getting heart disease.
David Allen Green’s blog analysis deserves a post of its own:
How big an issue is it, really? My guess is I'll catch more flack for my description of the proper way to drink a mint julep.
Back home, it's been a mad mixture of trying to open up a new shop with a thousand African setbacks, running the chaotic current shop with same setbacks, lack of internet at home, and too much tennis and now soccer to watch on TV. Due to all of the above, I have really cut back on personal time online. I also made a decision to deactivate my Facebook account about 3 months ago, which has been a rather strange experience, having been on it since 2007. Now, we have a temporary connection back at home, and due to the internet drought, I now feel the need to go online and try to read every post written on all my favourite blogs for the last month!
“The noise I heard made me weak in the knees. I went to see what it was. I thought it was an airplane that had crashed, or an earthquake,” resident Jose Valdir Mendes said.
The NCAA later said the umpire’s ruling was in error. A substitute could have run the bases and Sara would’ve been awarded a home run.
I have an interesting, and often annoying, work schedule. I work at least one weekend day each week and the day alternates every month. So in March, for example, I work each Sunday, which leaves me all the Saturdays to show my horse. Next month, I work Saturday, which means we don't get to show unless I can find a show that's held on Sunday. A lot of the shows I want to go to are on days I have to work and only being able to show every other month is a bummer...
There is no way to describe her other than that she was very "Boulder." Anyone who lives in the Pacific Northwest probably knows what I'm talking about here. She was... I don't know... new-agy. Nothing she said, in particular, but I got the yoga-Whole-Foods-vegan-align-your-chakras vibe almost immediately (and yes, I realize the irony of that statement).
Wednesday, 5/23: Cheesesteak “hash” and vegetables
This month we did battle with comic book adaptations and we won. Especially me! Blamo! Pow! I did my requisite eight reviews, and I passed a difficult professional certification (that included math) all in one month. Now that’s superheroic. To me.
I've had this blog for a couple of years I think, but haven't been actively posting until about the last year. It has been a lot of fun for me and serves as something of a journal. I've really enjoyed it! Now I am coming up on my 100th post which seems like a good time to do my FIRST giveaway! I don't have anything purchased yet, but hope to have something to show you by the end of the weekend. You can count on it being fabric-y! Just leave me a comment on this post and your name will be thrown in the drawing! Oh, how fun!! I'm really excited about this! Hope you spread the word too!
Olshan AF, Baird PA, Tschenke K. Paternal occupational exposures and the risk of Down syndrome. Am J Hum Genet 1989; 44: 646-651.
Tip: Powdered mustard can also be added. Gives a lovely aroma.
or stolen or destroyed at one point we all have had
I doubt that.
The Good: This fifth grade battle of the sexes plays out in October 1962, against the backdrop of Cuban Missile Crisis. Wittlinger lets the reader connect their own dots about the motivations and fears of the various kids and parents. For example, Patsy. Patsy adores her father, but he prefers spending quality time with his son, Patsy's younger brother. Patsy loves her father, is interested in what he is interested he, but he cannot see how a girl would be interested in mechanics and airplanes. Patsy never says that the reason she is driven to best the boys in the challenge is to prove something to herself and her father. Juliet never connects those dots, either. Instead, Wittlinger respects the reader, letting them make this connection.
This is such a great product. I've been using this nearly every time I put on make-up, either in its lonesome, or as a base under a different blush/bronzer. I have a small collection of creme blushes from MAC, but I rarely used them because, although I loved the colours, I just did not like the formula. The formula to this particular creme blush from MAC is so smooth and light weight (gel-like), imparts lots of pigmentation that is buildable and doubles as a lip product!
Today's event featured Tomahawk Tassels, a beautiful woman in tongue-in-cheek Native American garb. (She did a whole schpiel before she modeled about her choice of costume...she's actually quite savvy and smart--pointed out the irony of it all, etc.)
Kave fills each truffle with either dense Callebaut ganache or handmade perzipan, a lighter, fluffier version of marzipan (the ganache centers rule). Flavors are both straightforward and unusual, with fruits dominating: pomegranate, raspberry, mango and banana truffles fill the display case. But there are options for those whose palates favor spicy, savory or nutty. The popular Frida truffle, for instance, combines Mexican cinnamon, espresso and Kahlua, and the Zydeco is a medley of chili jams and confits, infused tequila and sea salt. Each truffle is then delicately topped with a sliver of whatever lies inside.
5. Spread the pesto on the top of the meat loaf.
It is now very important that every thought, word and deed comes from the highest integrity within. A leader must be willing to walk the talk so it will be obvious that you are such a One.
The problem with the analogy… which actually isn’t that bad of an analogy, it is just being mis-used… is that the ratio of sales for, and importance of, traditional physical retailers today isn’t anything like the complete lack of significance that horse travel represents today.
WHAT: Relief goods drop-off/Relief goods repacking/Monetary donations
Brouwerij Bavik Petrus Gouden Tripel
What's on the cupcakes are what requested by customer herself. What she wanted is what every other fathers would looooveee to have as well: (lotsa) money, gold bars and cars (in this case: Toyota Camry and Toyota Celica).
In College I was 30lbs heavier than what I weigh now- sad but when I delivered Sterling I was pretty darn close to what I weighed in College! I was a girl that liked to booze and eat way too much! At Chick Fila in college I would order a sandwich and nuggets as my meal- way too much food. Then I would drink copious amounts of booze at fraternity parties and I ballooned quickly! Funny thing is I never thought I was overweight til after college. I slowly lost the weight post college and promised myself I will never weigh that again. Now I weigh myself almost everyday. I don't believe in not using a scale and "feeling my body". I need to see numbers and I find by checking frequently my weight never gets out of control. I have a target weight I never want to get above so if I am higher one day I just cut back and chug lots of water and exercise to get back on track.
All Net Proceeds to Benefit Morgellons Research
As we walked, the wind picked up and I put my hood on. It reminded me that Trayvon Martin was also wearing a hoodie when he was murdered last week. I tried to imagine what was running through his head as he walked to the store for his Skittles and iced tea. Was he thinking about homework, what subjects he liked to learn and what subjects bored him to tears? Was he thinking about or what he was going to have for dinner, hoping that his mother would make him his favorite meal? Was he thinking of his girlfriend, excited and uncertain like every other teenager in love?
I'm not gonna lie. My kid makes me laugh. Sometimes cry, but mostly laugh.
561410 Document preparation services
Bosses the biggest bludgers
So that's it for my gratitude journal. In a small way it has helped me clarify what is wonderful about my life and in turn what I need to appreciate more. Hope your life is full of good things too,
To my shock and horror, Annika suddenly knocked on Kuya’s door, then she ran away, leaving me behind. Kuya opened the door, and he saw me standing there. Bakit ka kumakatok? he said, irritated. I was like, hindi ako yon, si Annika! Si Annika! Unconvinced, he closed the door. He became more and more unconvinced as this thing kept happening again and again— Annika knocking on the door, Annika running away, and Kuya finding me outside his door with the same I-didn’t-do-it defense.
my mom bought me the happiness project by gretchen rubin for christmas and i immediately dove in. for some reason i feel the need to disclaim: i'm a very happy person. i'm rarely sad, never depressed. i find joy in the simplest things like a cozy blanket, cilantro and opening my sunroof in january. however i do believe that i can be happier. happier in my home, my work, my marriage, myself...life is short so why not make the very best of every day?
A Moroccan immigrant in Spain has been sabotaging his employer’s exports by concealing broken glass in shipments of lettuce. Many thanks to our Spanish correspondent Hermes for translating this article from Diario de Avisos:
Number of cards towards the set: 268/1500 (17.67%)
just having fun and had been
This is what I had to start with- see below:( o, yes, I did have a cup of tea as well )..
And there may or may not be some hectic warbling happening in the upcoming Gilbert & Sullivan production of Trial By Jury in the deliciously restored Dunolly Court House....
26-30
Chris: You’re going to tell my wife that I said she has a vagina?
After lunch, I was taken to the roof and thrown off with a box full of my belongings.
8.rehabilitated
Hugs to you all.
Supertramp Logical song UK
Today, where Sinhalese Buddhist monks rallied the hatred of 2000 Sinhalese Buddhists against the faith of another, I find myself unable to falter.
Even if you take good care of your health and have a relatively safe job, depending on your recreational activities, the insurance company may or may not agree to insure you. For example, skiing, surfing, skydiving, scuba diving, base-jumping, snowboarding and rock climbing are just a handful of the activities that an insurance company may frown upon.
Given that SXSW attracts people with good ideas and real optimism, more isn’t necessarily worse. It’s simply tougher to navigate through the noise. (Yes, there’s an analogy to the internet here.)
Clogs: Target
The first week was fantastic. I prepared Cajun fish, corned beef and cabbage with Irish soda bread (for my Irish descended friends along with my family), fish and chips, London broil, butter chicken, chicken parmesan, tuna casserole, hamburgers, and my mother's fried chicken (which is unbelievable). I may have missed a couple, but you get the idea.
Where is the “religion of peace”? Saudi Arabia scrambled luxury jets to Guantanamo Bay prison earlier this year to bring 9/11 Islamo terrorists “home” to heroes welcomes and “rehabilitation” in luxury resorts, goodness knows the Saudis have a few dillion oil dollars in a drawer or two. Where is the Saudi relief effort to Haiti? How about Dubai, where they see fit to build the world’s tallest building as a testimony to themselves? How about Libya? Gadaffi is in the middle of a multi-billion dollar renovation of his capital city and airport after successfully trading the Lockerbie bomber for an oil deal with British Petroleum. Muammar surely has spare shekels.
I don’t know – with shirt sponsors, snappy TV ads and odds across the Internet, I suppose the upshot is that a generation of football fans could grow up seeing gaming as something that complements the game quite naturally.
4 Daytime tel number
straight when you keep jumping around the way you do. How did you
Leather against my skin, all is just right
With Britain, the EU’s third biggest economy, opting out of the fiscal process, questions about the cohesiveness of the wider bloc will also be posed’. (Reuters)
It is not relevant to my life.
All in the golden afternoon
Not only do I love Polly and Pip, but I really like them. They are smart, funny, and impossibly sweet. For example, Polly blows kisses to every animal she sees – in books, in stores, in people’s houses. She has also, in her imitations of Pip, taken to crawling around the house on all fours and pretending to be different animals, woofing when she is a dog and growling when she is a bear. For his part, Pip is currently in a stage where the sophistication of his thoughts and the language he uses to articulate them is rapidly increasing. Just yesterday he told me, while talking about our upcoming Thanksgiving trip to his grandparents, that “My heart hurts because we have to wait so long before going to Grandma and Grandpa’s house.”
"The question is: How do you do that without encouraging other people to game the system in the future?" he said in a recent interview. "And how do you do that in a way that doesn't lead to chain migration?"
Of the days long forgotten
Mountains, rivers, plains and plateaus are symbols of final destiny
"Because it's in south west England".
When a man takes an oath, he’s holding his own self in his own hands… …like water.
Someday, certainly a long time from now, you will be forgotten. No one will remember you. Don’t feel bad, no one will remember me, either. Your relatives and friends will all be dead as well, your gravestone (if you’re lucky enough to have one) might have eroded and disintegrated, and so might have your body.
You’re sublime,
- 2 tablespoons of water
Taking the lift up the third floor, we should’ve been put on notice when the first person we saw as the lift doors opened was a cleaner with a vacuum cleaner in the tunnel leading to the bar. But we persevered, and asked her if the bar was closed, she said it was open, we went ahead. To our dismay, the place was as dead as dodo. Deader than a dodo, in fact.
Steve Beckow: Okay, Lord. I look forward to that. I may share this with readers, and so I have another question for you, and that’s that I’ve said to readers, we may not be going through dramatic enlightenment experiences because we’re supposed to be serving. Could you comment on that? Am I correct in that or am I incorrect? Could you comment to readers about what they can expect?
Now Ain’t It Cool News claims to have been told by a possibly credible source that Nimoy will indeed be making a return appearance, and TrekMovie is claiming that their own unnamed sources have confirmed Nimoy’s involvement.
I really enjoyed this book. It is simply beautiful. So, run out and buy it and sink into its pages with thoughts of balls and dresses and family.
Griffin and his “inner party” have continually expelled competent local organisers and succesful branches and promoted people not suited to their roles so that the party has never been able to function properly. It began almost as soon as he took over when he destroyed the very successful Burnley branch. The ludicrous election broadcast of 2005 wasted an opportunity to get a meaningful message to our peoplewhich featured Dave Hannam singing the sentimental tosh Corporal Fox. A song written by Griffin about homeless people. (4)
By 1976, Barbra had succumbed to the poodle perm popular among American women.
- 2 egg whites
For ground that drinks the rain which often falls on it and brings forth vegetation useful to those for whose sake it is also tilled, receives a blessing from God; but if it yields thorns and thistles, it is worthless and close to being cursed, and it ends up being burned. But, beloved, we are convinced of better things concerning you, and things that accompany salvation, though we are speaking in this way (Hebrews 6:7-9, NASB).
The reality is that any nation that has a doctrine, which deals comprehensively with the universe, man and life, must be a nation with the need to spread this doctrine. Islam is not simply a doctrine of thoughts and ideas. Islam is also a practical system and way of life. Faith in Islam is not based only on its thoughts and concepts. A Muslim must also have belief in its actual implementation as a comprehensive way of life. Belief in this must then be followed by action.
All I can figure right now, is that I want to push through the rest of this week so I don't have time to just sit around and think. Getting back to work will give me something to focus on. I'm tired of crying and I'm tired of being sad and worrying about other people and if what I have done to them is somehow detrimental to their emotional well-being. I am ready to keep moving forward.
2. Boys don’t have to sit down every time they go. (**but they should for a cleaner bathroom!!)
Super Cat - Come Down
So now you’re all up to speed, I’m eager to hear your general thoughts and any advice you might have. And I promise not to leave it so long next time.
Kristin's letters to the readers are an amazing encouragement. You can really feel how strongly God is in her life.
Good evening all.i hope you are all well.tonight i have a card to share which one of my step nans carer`s asked me for.she asked for an elegant style so i am hoping this fits the bill.
He was looking at me with a very wide grin on his face, showing off a perfect set of teeth. Alarm bells should have started off in my head but unfortunately they didn’t. Not a sound. I was focused on the instruments left. There were only mexican shakers left so I picked them up, one in each hand turned and faced the man with the overly wide grin and thrust them out in front of me. “Here ya go” I said, “you can have these”. He looked at the shakers, then he looked at me before finally looking down at his left arm, or at least, where his left arm should have been. He looked up at me again, still wearing that wide grin with the perfect teeth and said, “I would love to mate but I’ve only got one arm.”
Perfectionism also shone when the wedding between Joost and Jessica was celebrated five years ago. Two oude geuze were specially commissioned from the then (just) geuze blender Drie Fonteinen: J&J Oude Geuze Blauw (for the groom) and J&J Oude Geuze Roze (for the bride)- the former is a blend of 1 year old Lindemans lambiek and 4 year old Girardin lambiek, whereas the latter is a blend of 1 year old Boon lambiek with 3 years old Girardin lambiek. As expected when the best beer café in Belgium teams up the best geuze blender, the result is world-class beers. They are only available at the DHL, but in Belgium you can even buy beers to take away from cafés, a practice unheard of in over-regulated, stern Northern Europe.
Below are links to the IRS website, as well as Wisconsin’s Department of Revenue. You can use either site to file your taxes:
One needs to go no further than the evening free-to-air tv in the sanctity of one's own loungeroom, before encountering advertisements luring Average Joe in for a sexual encounter with groups of young Russian women in sexually provocative poses and situations.
I saw him when I was 7months pregnant – still chatted. Crush was still there.
submerged in the bewildering velocity,
In 2004 I was made Barking and Dagenham Branch Organiser, working alongside the then National Elections Officer. That year, there were three by-elections in Barking and Dagenham. The results achieved were as follows and the figures speak for themselves:
It was his assertion that gays and lesbians should not accept the stigma of being sick because of their homosexuality and subsequently organized a drive which eventually caused the American Psychiatric Association to declassify homosexuality as a mental illness.
You leave me here
Broadband is fast evolving into an essential medium of communication. So, a lot companies also have their websites activated on the web. You can apply for jobs online, surf the web for matrimonial alliances and a whole lot more. Email is fast replacing snail mail as the favoured mode of communication. It also saves paper and a lot of trees.
So “Is your approach to change more like the first list or the second? … When you resist change, you’ll likely find yourself dreading anything that’s different and scrambling to put out fires and stifling progress. If you invite change, you’ll enjoy dealing with the challenges that come your way and building workplaces that’s flexible and agile.”
Make sure to ‘set’ the cream liner with a corresponding eyeshadow. (This helps it to wear all day) I like the Expresso eyeshadow from Merle Norman when I use their Lasting Cream Liner in Coffee, and MAC Carbon eyeshadow when using their black cream liner.
I just hope with all those gazillion grands, somebody thought to bring a shiny red Kodak.
It is likely that Tunisia’s opposition movement will congratulate itself tonight after what they perceive is a groundswell of support they received in Tunis today. They will read headlines in the Washington Post or Le Figaro and know that the world is watching their struggle. They are correct that many Tunisians are frustrated at the government and its ability to change things quickly. They are correct that the world is watching. But they are mistaken if they believe that marching downtown today will suffice to reach their voters. The lessons of October’s defeat have not yet been learned by Tunisia’s opposition.
We then went to the genetics doc and had good fortune there as well as we do not carry the familial gene for Down Syndrome. All of it did carry mixed emotions with us- we so wanted a child like our amazing Jack but at the same time that just carries to many health risks and so we were relieved as well. The doc said the heart should turn out fine when we have our echo exam at the end of the month. She believes that no indication of Down Syndrome will mean no heart problems, but I will worry just the same. I will never fully believe anything a doc has to say anymore, they sound confident and sure of themselves but deep down they will never know anything for sure as life and death is a roll of the dice.
The stamps are PTI Think Big Favorites #12 and Tag-Its #10. I used PTI white card, SU! black, almost amethyst (retired), pretty in pink, barely banana (retired).
Passing, 2005 is the show’s prize. A little field of found concrete and a nudge of sheetrock create a landscape which can be viewed through a small found lens, which strangely resembles the torn window wreckage of a downed aircraft. Through the lens the scene is somewhere between an Antonioni film scape and Duchamp’s Etant Donnés. You view a nun who has died, and coming from the distance, over a hill rendered large by the sudden thrust of the lens in scale come a young boy and girl. We are looking through the lens, a cinematic moment, but like with Etant Donnés, we are implicated in that moment, we are sucked in and somehow made responsible for what we are viewing, only instead of viewing the Origin of the World, we view a departed nun, a world lost somehow.
May 25, 2008 "
other peoples across borders.
This text is narrower than the original proposal, which was not limited to the civil litigation context and applied to additional categories of data. The report that accompanied the proposed resolution lamented the dilemma faced by litigants and third parties who must choose between disclosure requirements in U.S. discovery proceedings and the data protection laws of the foreign jurisdictions that may prohibit such disclosure, in particular, the laws in European jurisdictions.
Coco staggering the long walk home, drunk on milk and cartoons.
Outsourcing doesn’t have to mean relinquishing control. Though not strictly outsourcing, using an electronic system can do quite the opposite, especially where indirect spend is so hard to monitor.
bobo (when he wants to nurse)
so I will be keeping this blog open and if I haven't got around to contacting you all individually (sigh...soon) please leave me a reminder here....ok.
To avoid this do NOT add salt to the water. I have heard that this will make them easier to peel but all that will happen is it will raise the boiling point of the water and lead to tough whites.
The following is an open letter. We, the undersigned urge you to dedicate high priority to filling the current vacancies at NYCHA, DFTA, HPD, and DEP with qualified and diverse individuals.
Preheat oven to 350. Mix together flours and oats, stir in nuts, raisins and chocolate chips. Add oil and sweetener and combine to make dough that stays together but isn’t too sticky or wet, add juice or water as needed to reach consistency. Bake for about 25 minutes, cool and cut into bars.
Paulaner Salvator Thomasbraeu AG Paulaner Oktoberfest-Märzen
been about 20 years old.
My debut middle grade novel, THE WHOLE STORY OF HALF A GIRL, has landed. On pub day last week, I sort of tipped-toed around, wondering if I was doing or feeling what I was supposed to. The world did feel different for me, but did it for anyone else? So far I’ve thankfully had the pleasure of getting some great reviews, but I haven’t heard much about how my readers feel, meaning the middle graders I wrote this book for. That is something I’m truly looking forward to.
The title doesn't lie. This is a book of stupid, easily disproven trivia, often with an absurd Amerocentric or Eurocentric slant. Among the highlights:
And more often than not, I wish I had answers to all the above. (especially at 3am when everyone else is asleep, and my brain refuses to switch off!)
P. Pet peeves: I have a few...those I have talked about are people driving the wrong way on a one-way street and when hairstylists cut my hair wrong. I also hate when people smack their food.
Thin Lizznt
C: Whites don’t have white privilege. *insert long diatribe about the World Wars and how every race is racist towards another race in some shape or form*
Place all the trimmed and cleaned rosehips in a blender or food processor with 1 cup of warm water and blend until fine. Add to the boiling water and bring the whole mixture to a boil. Once it begins to boil, reduce the heat and let the mixture sit for fifteen minutes.
The Fault in Our Stars (TFIOS, not to be confused with ODBAF, which I’ll be marketing as a patented weight loss formula shortly) is a young adult novel, which I’d like to think we’ve learned by now doesn’t preclude it from being awesome, or at least engrossing. The book is narrated by its 16-year-old protagonist, Hazel, who has thyroid cancer that has worked its way into her lungs, requiring her to carry an oxygen tank at all times because, as she puts it, her “lungs suck at being lungs.” One day at a cancer support group for kids (which she loathes) Hazel meets Augustus, whose only evidence of having survived bone cancer is his prosthetic leg. Equally intelligent, witty and jaded with the entire rigamarole of cancer and recovery, the two hit it off and ultimately fall in love.
In South Korean (International Chart) : ‘Payphone’ by Maroon 5 ft Wiz Khalifa
What current trends have you noticed in children's illustration?
For example, let's say a person buys an ebook and wants to make a copy of it, or change the format, or use it on more than one device. DRM prevents them from doing that.
But during the holidays, it's amplified. I am totally overwhelmed. Piles of junk mail. Mounds of laundry. Stacks of unaddressed Christmas cards. Countless small items to be cleaned or sterilized. Loads of emotional baggage...
Shadows and mirrors…
On this day, you read something that moved you and made you realize there were no more fears to fear. No tears to cry. No head to hang in shame. That every time you thought you’d offended someone, it was all just in your head and really, they love you with all their heart and nothing will ever change that. That everyone and everything lives on inside you. That that doesn’t make any of it any less real.
Unlike you, the companies that mass produced the gum didn’t care what was on the stickers. Unlike you, they didn’t care what the flavour was, even though you know it’s that pseudo-strawberry you can still taste late some nights. The flavour didn’t even last a full minute most of the time, but it’s still indelible. It’s probably the fact that it’s so fleeting that makes it so memorable – the entire time it’s hitting your tastebuds full force, you’re memorising it so that in 30 seconds time, when the gum tastes like Blu-Tack, you’ll be thinking about that flavour and wanting another 10c piece, which also means another sticker.
Confession: I went off the rails at the end of 2011. I ate like it was my job and spent money like I was made of it. The holiday season has a way of doing that to me. So, like so many other Americans, I resolved to reign myself in on January 1st. I joined my friend Laurie in her quest for a No-Spend January, and I added some health goals to her financial fitness plan.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION/APPLICATION FORM available here
Yes, that would be the entire colour wheel!
I love you, Carter. Talk to you again soon!
I choose to have a brand new luxury car this year in Christ Jesus! Amen!
This morning I slept in and was casually wandering around the unit, getting brekky, listening to the radio, generally (and slowly) waking up, when I happened to glance at the clock and notice it was 8.30… Now I am actually supposed to be at work then, and being a manager I thought I better get my butt into gear and get to work. But then I thought better of that idea and decided what the heck, I made myself a cappuccino in my travel coffee cup, the beauty of having my own coffee machine. Then I casually wandered down to my car.
“Ah. Yes. Your new man friend. He does not exist.”
The census of 1870 shows Jesse, Nancy, and Jesse’s daughter, Mary, living in the household of Nancy’s younger brother, Monroe Corbitt. Monroe was also a Confederate veteran having served as a sergeant in Company H, 29th Georgia Regiment, and he had managed to retain a farm even through the war years. The Corbitt farm was in the 1148 Georgia Militia District of Berrien County. Jesse worked as a farm laborer, while Nancy and Mary assisted with housekeeping and domestic chores.
While the sea shimmers at dusk
Forgiveness is not easy. It takes a lot of strength and courage to pardon someone that has caused you grief. Sometimes it is helpful to consider the situation from the other person’s point of view. Why did he/she react this way? What in the past could have prompted him/her to take insecurities out on you?
but if you centre yourself
Stir and enjoy. Add pecans and shredded cheeses to mayo mixture, stirring until blended. You can store it in the refrigerator up to 1 week. Serve with celery sticks and assorted crackers, or make a grilled pimiento cheese sandwich in a skillet or panini press.
So I know you might think that my blog posts for the GateHouse are a little ghetto, well they are, but this is the best I can do without any photoshop knowledge. Check it out on http://gatehouseblog.blogspot.com/
That's all, you may resume your business!
I’m hungry, desperate for your crumbs,
$5.00 off Purina Pro Plan
improve your self esteem...
Can I just say that the food was so awesome. It was $6 and for six dollars we all left full and sleepy, my goodness. There was more than enough and the food was a blessing. I played chess, and will admit that I got spanked all over the church by Brother Less. But in my defense, he says I was worthy competition.
The kitten counter-leaps
This is so much of a staple that we also see South Bucks District Council adopting it, extending the charging period for its car parks and increasing the minimum charge from half an hour to an hour.
In addition to hearing aids, there are many wonderful products to aid a person who has hearing loss. One such program comes from the Illinois Access Telecommunications Commission (IATC), which provides free amplified phones. This program, funded by a charge on all local phone lines in Illinois, is run by the IATC and has been issuing equipment since 1988.
The ‘consciousness of the working class' is the/a Communist party.
I bought 500g of celebration, but when I found each 100g were separate packs, I decided to freeze one pk of powder & whatever paste I had leftover. My hair was to my bra strap in the back so I figured 300g would be enough but would rather have too much than too little.
Here’s my favorite butterfly meaning.
Tired of hunting down cyber-terrorists and hackers, the conflicted cop moves down to Rio de Janeiro to start a new life as a black-market dealer of cybertronic doodads. The net may be vast and infinite, but this doesn't prevent his old employers from tracking him down. Forcing him to partake in a dangerous mission to locate a rogue agent named Jared (Marjorie Monaghan) in Shang Loo, Java, his bosses Farnsworth (Tim Thomerson) and Maritz (Brion James) install a small bomb in his heart to ensure his cooperation. Upon arriving in Shang Loo, Alex quickly becomes an unwilling pawn in an epic battle brewing between humans and cyborgs. And since he's somewhere in the middle, Alex must choose which side he's on.
Now there was a new development in The Dave Howes Band House this week. We got a letter from a reader! Sparky from Brixton writes: “Hello boys, I’ve been reading your adventures and have a question. Your drummer, Ian “Sticks” Flashman, is he by any chance related to the late and legendary Stan “I can get you tickets for anything” Flashman?”
~Screaming two year old. She doesn't enjoy her sister "cleaning" the poo off her back.
Just as God has given us the strength and the tools to have gotten through these past 2 1/2 weeks, I know that He’ll pull through for us when that time comes. Please pray that William and I will have the mental clarity and Godly insight to do what is right for our baby, according to God’s will.
Um other than that at church we have started the real marriage series and are reading the book and so far it has been really great and is helping the boy and I a lot. Since we have some issues haha. But we are getting better.
26) Houston Texans: WR Kendall Wright
The participation in the community consultation workshop on the future of Kings Square last evening was disappointing, with only 17 people turning up. The rest of the group was made up of councillors and City of Fremantle staff, plus three people from Kings Square consultants CODA architects.
0 Reviews
Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan believes we can place absolute trust in government bureaucrats to protect our lives and our rights. She argued to the Supreme Court that it would be perfectly fine if Congress passed a law banning books, since the government has never yet enforced such a law. I suppose she would also not oppose a law allowing the government to murder anyone it pleases, since the government has never yet attempted to make use of that sort of law, either.
With the seam side down, wrap the assembly in the same foil and secure the ends tight. Refrigerate till firm.
A musician, who was largely an autodidact once said to me that he did not care very much for music theory as it did not fit with performance skills and apprehension as a musician. I fell silent, not bothering to tell him that he was playing music predominantly in a mixolydian mode, while utilising tritones, ostinati, parallel 5ths, 8ths, dominant sevenths, suspensions, passing notes, arpeggiations, and so on…
Spring weather
However: wow, was it delicious. I guess that cab is different if you cook with it (tannens are tamer.) As for balsamic, I experienced a backlash when it was on menus everywhere, but that part of history is over, plus I now mostly eat at home. So sometime last year I began
CHILI # 6 - VERA'S VERY VEGETARIAN VARIETY
So one day Todd asked why I didn't just make this into a casserole. He said he's probably like the peppers better if they were mixed in. He figured he liked green peppers on a pizza, but it was because it was all mixed in. So I search all over the internet but found nothing that was exactly like my moms, so I came up with my own. It's super simple, yet delicious and semi healthy at least. Luke LOVES it now too!
The result: delays, mistakes, broken promises--and, ultimately, closure, often only a few months after starting up. Here's one example, a publisher that opened and closed in six months. There are many more.
Hosoe's portraits of quieter subjects speak louder. People inform their spaces, and vice versa, no matter how plain the setting. Prints from the "Kimono" series are styled as exquisitely as Chinese porcelains. Hosoe accomplishes the neat trick of giving a fashion model the suggestion of an intriguing interior. Too bad only three prints are displayed; it would have been good to see an image of a mourning widow, a relatively public stance for a relatively private country.
Last year Carmelita Jeter became the second fastest woman of all time running 10.64 in the 100 meters (as well as 10.67). This year Jeter has stated that she has her sight set on Irina Privalova's "ancient" 60 meter record of 6.92. Her chase will begin in Glasgow. Certainly her PR of 7.11 should fall if her late season form of last year is any indication. I'm thinking around 7.05 in her debut. Of course with a decent start we could see something under 7.00 - an exciting prospect indeed.
"Those things are going to come," he said. "It's common knowledge people are going to suffer. Memory loss is going to come. I am ready for it. It's worth it; totally worth it. This is the best job in the world and I wouldn't trade it for anything.
For those of you fortunate to have waited out the 6+ months to see all of Bakemonogatari, and enjoyed it, then Nisemonogatari is right up there with it. There is no real story or plot to reiterate here, it stars Koyomi Araragi (Kamiya Hiroshi) as an average high school senior who got tangled up in some supernatural events from an old friend and became a vampire for a short time. He was restored, but retained some vampire-like elements, such as heightened awareness and regeneration. He meets Hitagi Senjougahara (Saito Chiwa) and helps her to rid her of a similar ailment that had been plaguing her. The two would adventure through their daily lives interacting more supernatural phenomenon and eventually become a relationship together. In the sequel, The black swindler Kaiki Deishu, comes back to make trouble, and Koyomi’s sisters, Karen and Tsukihi (Kitamura Eri and Iguchi Yuka) take up the charge to bring it down.
Hazen’s marketing entry swept the “decorative/display category” in the Association of International Metallizers, Coaters and Laminators (AIMCAL) product competition awards.
Everything is cyclical; the '70s never really ended. This album is deeply indebted to that decade, but less in the "Let's re-record the best '70s rock songs" way so many bands have tried and more in the "Let's embrace the sensibilities of the decade" way: it's hard to point to any one specific influence. To this laid-back but still rocking aesthetic Super Furry Animals (and are they animals that are super furry, or furry animals that are super?) have tied obscure and frequently surreal lyrical stylings: "Psyclone!" seems to be about invading dinosaurs from outer space. Whether that's brilliant or inane is hard to tell, but I know my vote is for fucking brilliant. Gruff Rhys's lovely vocals are joined by three of the other members to form lush multi-part harmonies, and the band is joined by the Catalan choir, and together provide the core of this truly incredible album.
Today, I saw that Operation Write Home is having a "Miss You" challenge. The funny thing is that, when I first "finished" the card, there was no sentiment. Then I thought to myself, "You can't have a card with NO stamping on the front," so I grabbed a sentiment set and, at random, chose the "i miss you." That's card karma!!
One of the first thing we noticed about the GTX 670 is its size and weight — or lack thereof. It may look like a standard high-end graphics card on top, but Nvidia put Kepler’s PCB on a diet. The card comes equipped to cover all your display needs, with two DVI outputs, one HDMI, and one DisplayPort. Flip it over, and it’s surprisingly short.
In the Protagonists' Cafe deep inside Kimber An's twisted imagination, the protagonists are having a hard time getting Kimber An to start working on a new story. They know, from experience, she'll only get nuttier if she doesn't.
And I got quite a few questions and comments regarding the cabinet itself.
like abundant rain on tender plants” (Deuteronomy 32:2).
4. Get ready for a showdown- You most likely got kicked out of T.G.I. Friday’s. Be proud of yourself, because that’s hard to do. You can either wait for the police, or call your significant other to come pick you up. When he/she finds out what you did today, it will most definitely be a showdown. The Gunfight at the O.K. Corral will have nothing on the verbal thrashing you are about to recieve. But it beats sitting in a drunk tank, where everyone can see you pee.
The house I will be working on is not ours. My BIL and SIL live about three hours away from us. However, they run cattle here. They make the three hour trip often to check about the cattle and my BIL helps out on the farm. My SIL works for the Post Office and our little town Post Office was going to close when the postmaster retired because there was nobody to take the job. When I got wind of this I called my SIL to tell her. She put a call in to the big wigs at the Post Office and within a matter of a few days she was able to be the replacement. Since August my SIL has been living out of her suitcase and staying with us, my MIL, and my other SIL. They have thought about buying a little house here for years and now with my SIL working in town they finally took the plunge and bought a second home. It will be nice for them and my niece to have their own place when they are here.
“We can have the wedding in time for the children.” she cooed sweetly.
I hope you all had a wonderful weekend and a nice Mother's Day. Mine was quiet, but nice. My sweet husband cooked supper last night. My favorite - roast beef, gravy, roasted potatoes, and Yorkshire pudding. nom nom nom :0)
I'm really really excited about my new job! I think the office climate and morale seems really good. I feel good about the decision to make this change! I'm also super pleased to be getting a nice pay raise.
But to top it off, I have to admit something. Something I'm ashamed to tell you because a dear friend gave this as a gift to me. Someone who reads this blog. He gave me something I loved and treasured very much and as soon as I get back through this year, I will buy again. My liveScribe pen was taken and my students and I have isolated it down to a 5 minute period when it went missing.
Everybody loves your hair.
Tom's recovering but in pain, and his throat is raw and hurting from being tubed during surgery. He's thrown up a lot today, either from the throat irritation or what feels like a lot of phlegm that's lodged in there. Not sure if that's a side effect from the vicodin or what, but he's a bit miserable. He's thankful though, as he feels a million times better than he did beforehand.
� Contract with Henrich Equipment Company
My own recent make-up MAC purchases. I am loving this new Pro Longwear Lip Creme called Postively Dashing. It stayed on through the afternoon, burgers, guacamole, and sangria. Perfect for girls that don't have time to be touching up their make-up all the time. The eyeshadow is called Antiqued - kind of a red/brown/coppery color, and then Studio Fix Foundation.
This Facebook page is “dedicated to the millions of conservative women who know what they believe in: family, American values and not being told by faux feminist groups how to think.”
The rains caused all of these to bloom at once. I like the abstract composition that I captured. I was on a step ladder looking across my backyard fence in order to take the shot. We have become a hothouse climate now with 80 degrees F. daily.
The lineup in the past has comprised of well known rock stars like; Prince Nico M’ barga, Peter Gabriel, Echo & The Bunnymen, Don Cherry, Drummers of Burundi, Ekome Imrat Khan, Suns of Arqa, Simple Minds, The Chieftans and The Beat. Over the years, as new talent has come about, the lineup each year has also become even more entertaining.
Aziz Ansari
Remember how I said that I was learning Wordpress? Well, Saturday, I was poking around, figuring things out, when I accidentally initiated a switch in my blog hosts. I was on Blogger, and now, I'm on Wordpress.
1 1/2 teaspoons dried thyme, or oregano
4. Let it grow. Once you have your plan set up and your business set up, all you can do is let it grow. Treat it like a plant, you have to water it every day and make sure it gets plenty of sunshine. Well for your business the water is your work to promote it, and the sunshine is the people who visit your website.
I love the creativity that Southern Star is bringing to the Texas game, and who knows, this may be a huge hit with the swine lovers. $5 says it wins an award at the GABF. Southern Star is well on it's way to being one of our more creative Texas micros with this pork beer and the really hoppy Pine Belt Pale Ale. The thing about creativity, sometimes it works, and sometimes people look at you like you're a circus freak. But I'm glad they are nearby, which means every new creation they push out will be in Houston first. Good luck fellas. Lay off that pig.
I put in a bunch of 12 mile runs along the Sawyer Camp Trail, a nifty running trail on San Francisco Peninsula. Most of them were timed efforts and several of them were with PARC, which meets there every Saturday morning. I'm not a fan of slow long distance runs. Do your long distance fast. But be careful, since fast long runs will take a lot out of you, and I normally did one every couple weeks to give myself plenty of recovery.
The Taiji fishermen are bewildered that anyone would find the dolphin drive hunts cruel, and consider dolphins to be just big fish, like tuna. They say that the dolphins are food for the Japanese, just like dogs are food for the Chinese and Koreans. The majority of the Taiji fishermen believe that what they are doing is acceptable. However, some fishermen told Ric O’Barry – dolphin trainer-cum-activist, starring in The Cove – that if the world found out what they were doing, they would be shut down; therefore they try and prevent people from documenting the horrible drive hunts.
Saturday, October 13th–I was sick.
"The U.S. has become known as the best beer nation in the world. This reputation is in thanks to the innovation and passion of America's craft brewers who have taken beer styles to the next level. During American Craft Beer Week our goal is to get 10,000 Facebook users to become supporters of the American Craft Beer Week fan page, and thus declare their beer independence," stated Julia Herz, a spokesperson for the Brewers Association.
He says some think of this event as “the attunements.” Others call it “the clearing.”
Although this is an attractive possibility given the central importance of alcoholic drink to high-status early medieval life (a lord’s hall is a ‘mead-hall’), it may not be the whole story. Translucent liquids such as beer, mead or wine would have obscured the internal decorations to some extent, which may argue against this use of hanging bowls unless seeing the decorations start to appear as the level of liquid dropped was part of the appeal (a signal for a refill, perhaps?).
#1 singles: Chaz Hansen defeated Clay Jerge (6-0) (6-0)
"Final death throes"? Alexandria was part of the Eastern Roman Empire, which did not fall until a whopping 1038 years after Hypatia's death. Those are some pretty long "death throes". Prothero goes on:
In true TVD fashion, the last few episodes are going to be even crazier–starting with next week. What do you think the fall out from Alaric’s transformation will be? Do you think Elena will make a romantic decision? What do you think of Jeremy’s return?
market-tested spiel.
I had the wonderful opportunity to see our school's production of The Wizard of Oz, and I must say, our students are pretty talented. To add to my enjoyment, my 4 1/2 year old grandson and his mommy came with. He's very familiar with the story and was a little concerned that the wicked witch would be scary. But he loved it. It's always so fun to enjoy it thru a child's perspective.
April 22 – The Knitting Factory (Reno, NV) #
Then, gradually came in the "strollers" - just out on a beautiful ( muggy ) Saturday morning,
6. Is 1969 okay, all across the USA?
Well, back to work, that’s ok. Because I worked too, and went to college also. So maybe Freddie couldn’t hang out till 2 AM anymore.
In her acceptance speech, Karman paid tribute to Arab women “without whose hard struggles and quest to win their right in a society dominated by the supremacy of men I wouldn’t be here,” according to an English translation of her comments in Arabic.
I love watching them and just being around them.
It’s great that you’re on those channels to begin with, just remember to play by the rules like everyone else. Or, do what you want, and enjoy the backlash.
Brent: What an interesting question!
Silver/Navid/Liam- Silver tells Annie & Naomi that she’s getting her first mammogram done today and that Navid’s taking her to the hospital. Meanwhile, Navid tells Ade that he doesn’t trust Austin, and to make sure he’s looking out for her and not himself. Navid goes to talk to Liam while he’s getting ready for his premiere. Navid thanks Liam for being a good friend to Silver and Liam tells Navid to be there for her. While Silver and Navid are at the hospital, a nurse comes out to ask her some questions before her mammogram. One of the questions asks if she could be pregnant, and Silver doesn’t answer. Navid asks her how she could be pregnant, and she tells him she hooked up with a random guy. Silver says she’ll get tested tomorrow at her doctor’s appointment to make sure. Navid goes over to the bar and tells Liam that Silver didn’t take the mammogram because she may be pregnant.
Claire Trotel from Snow Hill Legal, Christopher Thubron and Steve Wheeler from Moore Stephens and Marc Quaghebeur from De Broeck Van Laere & Partners, joined us for a seminar to demystify the necessity of a will. Not because they want part of your money, but because dying in Belgium could be a very costly experience for your heirs.
Answer: It depends on the size of your pet, the presence of any underlying conditions and the amount of chocolate your pet has ingested.
There are also bikini swimwear tops that are designed according to the size of the bust. This means that all women with different bust sizes can get a bikini top that is suited for them. Some of the most common size based bikini tops are D-cup and E-cup tops. This is because it is normally difficult for women with these cup sizes to find bikini swimwear tops from the other categories. Therefore, these tops are designed with them in mind and fit perfectly.
For the last couple of weeks I've been blotting ink from my projects onto the pages of a book (after seeing the Queen of journalling, Dyan Reaveley do this) and also trying out distress stains and watercolours on different pages. Today was the right day to try and make my first page. Isn't it exciting how blogging extends your boundaries and makes you aware of new possibilities?
The time you mentioned your favorite beer memory was while sailing to Martinique?
Being the family of a soldier is difficult as well.
BLITZER: The letter I received from the top Cuban diplomat here in
11 The Size of It (ditto; also 1989 cross-country trip)
The tradition of Thandai a cold drink made with a mixture of almonds, spices, milk and sugar and Bhang ( female cannabis sativa buds and leaves) is specialty of Northern India though now a days its used almost everywhere. Associated with Lord Shiva and in the city of Banaras one can find people preparing Thandai with mortar and pestle , singing holi songs. The festive spirit is enhanced by the bond of togetherness it creates. . Bhang is also mixed with ghee and sugar to make a tasty green halva, and into peppery, chewy little balls called ‘golees’. Bhang has medicinal properties also and much safer than drinking alcohol.
1/3 cup light-brown sugar, packed
We wait for another two hours, to ensure no latent reactions and when nothing occurs, are discharged with the loss of one milk allergy.
The women could fair a bit better. A solid 1:59 run could get into the final. A 1:57 run should garner a medal. We have women capable of doing both. More importantly those that make the team will have the guts and heart to run with the pace and be in the hunt come the final stretch run. The summer should tell a lot about both squads heading into Daegu.
A rather curious phenomenon that has been observed in the popular press lately is that on those rare occasions when total global public debt is demonstrated correctly on a country by country basis, i.e., including contingent liabilities, as well as various trans-national, public-sector backed guarantees (such as EFSF backstops), and most importantly the Net Present Value of pensions and healthcare, or the cost of the welfare state expressed in current dollars, there is one country that is systematically excluded. That would be the United States. Today we set the record straight by adding the US to the list where it rightfully belongs, and also answer the rhetorical question of why the US just so happens to be consistently omitted from such column-chart based, hair-raising classifications.
The mothers who will stay in marriages for the sake of their children or because they are not economically empowered to leave the husband who is the breadwinner.
Dodger? Scheming little villain. I wouldn’t trust him as far as I could kick him. Just as soon as feed him to Bulls-Eye than have to put up with his ugly little mug, his little sharp eyes taking it all in, watching what’s going on, storing it away in that nasty little head of his.
‘Breitbart.com’s Joel Pollak explained that the ‘Forward’ “borrows…from decades of communist iconography.”
I have to say, it really started with winning the SCBWI Work in Progress Grant in the fall of 2009 with my YA novel, The Circle Journal (now titled: Chalk Houses). I am not being falsely modest when I say that I sent that grant application off with a very, “hell, you can’t win if you don’t play” kind of attitude. I am seriously still in awe that my work was appreciated in that way. I will always be grateful.
advocate.com/Arts_and_Enter…SO PROUD OF U PAULY!U WERE THE MOST ADORABLE GAY KID – I FELL IN LOVE WITH U THE MOMENT WE MET – UR PARENTS R STARS
~Bonnie~
I used one of my new gorjuss girl stamps which i purchased here and the service was amazing and even got some free ribbon with my order.Coloured her with my promarkers and even coloured the brads to match,the fab paper makes me feel like she is skipping towards the woods....lol,watch out mr wolf!
The Gallery;
So far, 2012 has been little better as commodity prices have eased, turning monthly trade surpluses into deficits and stoking concern about the country’s over-reliance on iron-ore and coal exports to China.
...meets a beautiful lady (Fiona Lewis), with whom he has a wild fling but she breaks up with him because he can't commit. Funny thing is, she then hooks up with brawny swimming teacher Miguel (Andres Garcia). Don't worry though; she gets eaten by an apparently huge tiger shark.
Just a few reactions:
Yes, i have been assaulted, and other “Innapropiate” thing’s for my sexuality, in the 8th grade i was pushed into an air conditioning vent, causing blood to ooze out of the side of my head. But that doesn’t stop me, from being who i am, and what i feel happy being.
CME spot lumber traded at a low of $211.10 per contract in early October and reached a 2012 peak of $279.00 on March 8, a 32 percent gain in value.
After a series of discussions between administration officials and the House leadership, it became clear, the GOP aides said, that the White House and Congress’s interests were not aligned…. – WSJ, 7-22-11
Sure, there is a dominant grapefruit theme, but dancing in circles around that resonant central core are a plethora of dynamic and delightful complementary flavour notes which combine to wind this brew into an exquisite frenzy of a drink experience.
Pattern Paper- Papirdesign
We have a section of our community which is disproportionately prone to violent crime to a massive degree, we see evidence of this every day, and yet we are not supposed to acknowledge it, even when programmes such as Dispatches reluctantly admit the facts. Furthermore, our leaders are actively seeking to add massively to that already growing and disproportionately criminal section of the community.
I'll admit I don't entirely get what's going on in the second arc, but the pacing is considerably slower, with nothing coming to resolution (so far, with 30 more chapters) and some things I can't fathom, like the current relationship with Kaname and Yuki, which should look like estranged marriage but is apparently something else? The style of drawing has changed as well, with it now dominated by a sort of wispy pencil type minimalist drawing and every vampire having the same somewhat empty eyes. Still pretty artwork, but nowhere near as powerful and with minimal contrast between the extensive details and the minimalist.
What is your most amusing or interesting live gig / backstage / tour experience?
120g insalted butter
In 1963, my parents met and married, and my mother became friendly with her mother-in-law. One day, when my mother mentioned that she needed to see her gynecologist, Jovita revealed that she'd never been to such a doctor and had, in fact, never had a gynecological exam. My mother was shocked. She advised Jovita that it really would be a good idea to have an exam, and to start having them annually. Jovita agreed to go to my mother's doctor, Dr. Seissman. A few days later, my mother took her mother-in-law to the gynecologist for her first exam. My grandmother would have been in her 60s.
Giotto, Annunciation—The Angel Gabriel Sent by God (1306)
Take a place.
Organised religion is based on a mixture of guilt and fear.
“And,” he added, “we’ll look like such heroes that nobody will care anyway.” She actually smiled through red, misty eyes and turned to face him again as he drove on. She hadn’t paid great attention to where he was driving and suddenly noticed they were in the parking lot to the mall. “What are we doing here?”
It took me time to understand that sleep is necessary for human beings and lack of the normal activities results in imbalance.
We went snorkeling both Wednesday and today, and saw tons of amazing tropical fish. We also were thrilled to be snorkeling right next to gorgeous Hawaiian green sea turtles. ( I can't take credit for the first three photos, I've never had luck with those underwater cameras.). Anyway, being so up close and personal to those beautiful creatures is one of the most amazing things we have ever done! As they are protected, it is illegal to touch them or harass them in any way. Just being able to witness them in their own habitat is truly a treat that we won't forget!
So, how does fear relate to love? My assertion is that fear corrupts love. “There is no fear in perfect love, for perfect love casts out fear,” as the scripture goes. If hate is love’s absence, fear appears to be an agent working against love, a force that is repelled by healthy, functioning love.
Update 5 (8:05 PM-8:55 PM):
The quote at the opening of this section, which I included in last lesson’s discussion on ‘ressentiment’ and produce again below, summarises the basis of Nietzsche’s philosophy in a single analogy, and more succinctly than I could hope to do.
If your story’s synopsis has become your Achilles’ Heel, try simplifying it for yourself. Even if you find you struggle with road blocks in your story, this way may just help you past them. By targeting these four points you may just find that writing a synopsis can in fact be a key to the difference between a good story and a great story. Don’t complicate things for yourself by over-analyzing the synopsis. You already have enough to do with writing and finishing the story as well as submitting it for acceptance or rejection.
Decades later, my own daughter participated in a school haunted house at her grade school. My daughter was dressed in pajamas and was kneeling down with her hands on a TV screen that was just broadcasting snow and static. As people passed by, she would call out “Theeeeeeyy’rrrrrrrreee Heeeeeeerrrrreeeeeee” in reference to little Carol Ann in the movie. None of the kids going through the haunted house had a clue….though all the parents really liked it.
So the point of this post, rambling as it is, is to ask you my loves (that’s you reading this in your pajamas or sweat pants) do you do this too?
It's no secret I lost friends over the split and that's cool
always disassembling your toys
Which way to something better
Look at Bruno over here. With his brown skin pairs the light to dark scheme of clothing. From flesh, which is his short sleeves polo, to the breath-taking dark orange pants goes his dark green loafers. Love Bruno in the summer.
NEW YORK, April 16.- Only a faint hope remains tonight that any of the 1,302 passengers and crew who have been missing since the giant Titanic liner struck an iceberg 400 miles off Cape Race and sank, have been picked up by trans-Atlantic liners. The 808 survivors rescued from lifeboats by the Cunarder Carpathia, now on its way to New York, are the only known, saved.
This is a test recipe for Isa's upcoming cookbook, so you know the drill -- we can't give out the recipe.
Original Air Date: Feb 9, 2012
“It is my personal belief that honesty is the best policy. If you are aiming to educate someone you should give them the facts as they stand, and help them to form their own opinion,” Ferguson said.
then check out all the fun inspiration from our design team
So my sammich and fries are here, and I'm going to sign off so I can mack down on this shiz. I will finish up my anniversary-trip-posting tomorrow. But for now, here's some good, old Tragically Hip for you, from one of my favorite albums.
Kim Messinger, Janine Boyer and Shirley Brosius had a common bond of Christian service when Christ drew them together for their first small group meeting in January, 1998.
Below you will find 'Clue in 52 Seconds'. It is a very well edited snapshot of the movie that a guy did for a class and put on YouTube. In total it is 1:24 but well worth it. Better than the trailer. If you have never seen the movie give it a go, I think for many people it might have that Anchorman quality - meaning you have to see it more than once to really start laughing. For me, it was love at first Tim Curry.
I love how the Lord is aware of all things. Jeroboam thinks he is going to trick one of God’s prophets, when in fact there is nothing you can hide from the Lord. This can be very freeing to us if we love the Lord and embrace this truth about Him. Understanding this keeps us from trying to do anything behind His back (as if that were even possible). The Lord loves it when we acknowledge His omniscience (knowing everything).
In other ways, though, I still work in the same way. There has to be some kind of itch, something that haunts me as a writer, something that these techniques of writing help me connect with. Inevitably, I suppose, some of these itches and hauntings change over time, while others remain constant.
Luckily a second wave of punkish upstarts was springing up and it was these short, sharp, shouty and sometimes funny 45s, which captured my imagination far more than those old fogies. The Ejected’s “Have You Got 10p?” was a played almost nightly; The Addicts “My Baby Got Run Over By A Steamroller” has stayed with me (I taped it and mum asked if it was a infant or a loved one flattened); but my favourite band from that period were Action Pact, whose two sessions had me leaping off my bed to release the pause button on my hi-fi to record. There are two of their LPs in Peel’s collection, which prompted me to revisit them for the first time in since those boyhood days. Surprisingly they’ve weathered well, owing much to X-Ray Spex, which I didn’t realise back then.
67. The Name of the Rose - Umberto Eco
And the three secretaries–each one of them a charming and accomplished actress in her own chosen style–recognize him instantly, without even a flicker of doubt, and reply “Good morning!” to him. (There is something religious here, like responses in church–a reaffirmation of faith in the basic American dogma that it is, always, a good morning.
Cinemag – Old (Switch wire diagram)
I did a little SXSW music warm-up last night to see if I could handle a little drinking and fun during the SXSW interactive.
Something I just noticed about this post. Both of my crushes have facial hair which I find kinda funny because I'm normally not a fan. Hmmm... maybe I shouldn't give my husband a hard time about shaving. Looks like I just learned something new about myself today!
We filled our plates and adjourned to the table to enjoy the bounty. Things were going along swimmingly for about 15 minutes, when suddenly T.A. began to feel unwell. The "bounty" wasn't agreeing with him at all. Now in addition to the sore throat, he had an upset stomach. He left the table to go lie down on the same sofa that Maddie had just vacated. M-t-G just nibbled at her food (no joke intended!). Ratchlet still had a scrunched up, pinched look, meaning her head still hurt. Not a good sign....nope, not going well at all! None of them were seriously ill, so I wasn't actually worried, but it was kind of a downer, ya know?
with the numerous friends who adore my company
our heart
Oh you, thanks a million for sending me these pictures and for letting me share them with my readers. It's so generous of you!
Ndebele was in a police car next to hers and yelled out the window. The young female constable then stopped her vehicle and climbed out - gesturing to Mrs Ndebele to repeat her comments because she couldn't hear them properly while driving.
Richard E. Averbeck
That never seeks her upset
Oh, and I have a little trick for you. Think you can't "see through" those Big Shot dies to use them on an image you've already stamped? Well you can!
Many Templars fled to Portugal and Spain but legend claims they shipped the bulk of their treasures to Scotland where they found safety with their kilted brother Knights led by Robert the Bruce.
Author: Shannon Greenland
How can anything that leaves these types of marks every day be good for you?
Well I best start washing me pots by hand in case the dishwasher decides that it wants to join in the fun!
Following on from here and here. Sorry for dragging it out. It's not that I wan't to create a thrilling trilogy and make you fork out three visits to my blog. Just that I have such limited blogging opportunities these days. Plus this week has seen me thinking "why the fuck am I living in Belgium?" more often than I have previously... But I would like now to finish the story.
Open House at which all local breweries will be present, site TBA.
A wonderful lady, Gina, was kind enough to share her son's birthdays photos with me and gave me the "go-ahead" to share in my blog! She did a great job with the party decorations, too. Also, she offered me great advice. Since I cannot personalize every single printable item for you all (except the cupcake toppers), being that would eat up A LOT of my family time - and guess what, I have 3 daughters under the age of 4, Gina showed me how YOU can do it yourself! I don't understand why this didn't turn on a light bulb with me, but anyway - here's the advice.
Row6) k3,p3,k3 accross
As time passed and the teenage angst increased, I became rather wild and rebellious towards my adoptive parents and towards authoritative figures at school. I would drink with friends on weekend evenings and do the whole ‘hanging around street corners being loud and obnoxious’ thing. I went to pubs/bars when I was underage, I had relationships with boys/men and I became angry inside. I can’t explain this anger. I can HONESTLY say that I have never harboured any negative or resentful feelings toward my birth mother for the decision she made. I was also never resentful towards my adoptive parents. I was always grateful to them for being such good parents to me; therefore, explaining why I was so angry is difficult, because I don’t know why I felt this way or who I was angry with. Maybe it was because I had a lot of unanswered questions and I felt like I was going through an identity crisis.
I’m 27.
Keeping you from breakfast?
I always use Tweetdeck, and have always loved it. I just hope that Twitter takes a good care of the company.
The barges drift
I agree with *The Vicar of Dibley and prefer to think of **Mrs Letitia Cropley as a pioneer in the art of cooking. She tantalised the village with her trays of peanut butter and sardine sarnies, Marmite cakes and ham & cheese with lemon curd. These dishes are not as farfetched as they sound. The human palate is strange and imaginative encouraging us to eat all kinds of disgusting things. After all the Belgians love pomme frites with mayonnaise. The Thais slather peanut sauce on skewered chicken. The Mexicans put chocolate in their chilli. The Inuits of Greenland relish whole small auks sewn into fresh seal skins left to ferment in rock cairns for 3-18 months. The English love cheese with veins of blue mould running through it. Who are we to sniff up our noses with distaste?
But then there's this other kind of "favorite": books created a shift in my life--either how I understand the world or how I want to live in it. But these are not necessiarily the kinds of books one can read over and over. You read them, they change you. Were you to approach these texts again, you would not experience the same tectonic shift, because you're already different. But by golly, you sure want other people to experience that transformation, too.
Things are crazy around here. On top of all the other craziness, I got a call a few days ago. My job just ended suddenly as of this Friday. It was always meant to be temporary job, but the sudden termination was sort of unexpected. On top of my Dad getting remarried at 87, my world is rocking on its foundations.
THE EUROZONE SOVEREIGN debt crisis is interlinked with a Europe-wide banking crisis. In 2008, eurozone governments intervened to bail out a number of shaky banks. But they did not carry out the kind of large-scale recapitalisation of banks that took place in the US under the Troubled Asset Relief Programme. Only eight eurozone banks out of 91 failed the recent ‘stress tests’, a theoretical test to determine whether banks can withstand another financial crisis. The big investors and speculators, however, are not convinced that all the banks are healthy. In fact there was recently a leaked IMF report which said that eurozone banks need €273.2 billion of additional capital. Lagarde commented that the eurozone crisis was entering "a dangerous new phase" and called for part of the EFSF funds to be used to recapitalise banks. This provoked strong opposition, some from political leaders who object to EFSF funds being used to prop up banks, and some from the banks themselves which deny that they are in trouble.
1 TBS Worcestershire sauce
How has your weekend been? While the boys in our house were busy yesterday morning at rugby & rowing, I had a lovely time sewing away in my wee corner listening to Coldplay...it was wonderful! Hopefully I'll get the projects finished tomorrow so I'll have something to show you then.
I couldn’t be more impressed with Industry’s first app release. My colleagues and I can’t wait to see what else Industry has to offer as we wait in anticipation for their next release! Zip Zap… a triumph! Huzzah! A masterpiece! Dare we put it on the same plateau as the Mona Lisa and Mozart’s Lacrimosa? Does it sit alongside Les Miserables and the Statue of David? Does it have all the fixings to commandeer the Oscar from Schindler’s List?
Tell us a little about yourself. Like a lot of independently published authors, I am assuming writing is not yet a full time career. How do you pay the bills in between writing projects?
After a wonderful dinner we were back home all ready for bed and I snapped this pic of the tree with all the presents ready for Christmas day! Love our roaring fire?
This set the tone for the rest of the session.
She coped very well with the 6 hour-long trip in the back of the truck that she shared with the rest of her family and even though we had a number of stops along the way she was very glad to finally get out and really stretch her legs. Even though she did not compete she coped very well with the gunshot and watched everything with the same intensity as her grand-dam did when she was a puppy. We practised our heeling amidst all the distractions, and also practised sitting quietly at heel, watching the dogs working. She accepted fairly long periods of tethering while I was working one or other of the dogs which is a very important part of her learning, particularly since I will always have more than one dog to run, and will, from time to time be expected to judge.
Look for more blues this weekend as I paint the first Easter piece of the season, a large platter with either rabbits or hares, and possibly a few other creatures (we'll see how it evolves).
I made the tag with the new Framelits Labels Dies. The greeting, from the Got Treats stamp set, was stamped on a piece of Whisper White cardstock in Melon Mambo ink before being cut out with the right size Die. I punched out a tiny heart from Silver Glimmer Paper and adhered it to the bottom of the tag, then punched a hole in the top so I could tie the tag on with some Whisper White Baker's Twine.
The price of homes in the Coral Springs area is increasing.
Silly Mu and men that read it also . Like surpised by the jokes?
Erasmus (1466 — 1536) in particular has been adopted by the forces of Christian and post-Christian yin as the patron saint of the European Community and its socialist-multiculti-Islamocuddly doing away with itself. But while all three Christian greats and others in their vein were ecumenically oriented, liberalizing opponents of strict dogma and deeply learned humanists, their critical inquiry was bound in respect for tradition; their analytical reason, by faith in the transcendent; their ecumenism, by discrimination; and their humanism, by the concern for the survival and prosperity of their own kind.
The shepherds heard it beating, surrounded by a brilliant angel chorus. The sheep and goats heard it coming from their food trough, tiny coos from a bitty baby. And when I wonder how in the world can our little tiny light reach such a dark neighborhood, I remember that the Wise Men followed a single star that led them to the Savior.
Guys. I went into this book wanting to love it as much as every one I know did. They all said that Amy is your average teen that everyone can relate to, but I really couldn't- This was probably my biggest issue with Amy is that I couldn't understand her. At all- More than that, I didn't like her- or most of the other characters in the book. I got that she has low self-esteem, but she NEVER stood up for herself. EVER.
BF: (crosstalk) Look, I have to go, but what I’m telling you is this.
Already, we see this racial and religious division everywhere. Surveys suggest 40% of British Muslims wish to live under Sharia law. There are constant news items about the radicalisation of young Muslim males in Britain, we saw the rejoicing in the streets of GREAT BRITAIN after the mass murder on 9/11, constant news about thwarted terrorist attacks coming on top of the London transport suicide bombings that killed 52 and maimed 700, constant news about Mosques selling literature calling for the overthrow of Britain’s democracy, the murder of British Jews and homosexuals, the subjugation of the non-Muslim infidel and the desire to install a global Islamic caliphate.
Monday: 5 – Not a bad pre-work run. After resting on Saturday and using the elliptical on Sunday, my legs were feeling strong. Of course afterwords, the achilles and ankle started hurting again!
This causes a state of intense disillusionment. It is only natural then, in the face of this unexpected and unwelcome reality, that some women will feel drawn back to prostitution, where at least they knew the rules, understood the functioning, and could operate without the new and frighteningly unfamiliar social rules they have since had such trouble accustoming themselves to.
Because this is the part of the plant's genes which determines whether or not it can self-fertilize, plants ordinarily have two different versions of this gene. So say we have a plant, and it's carrying version 1 of this gene or genes on one chromosome, and version 2 of the gene on the other chromosome of that pair. (All six Schlumbergera species have eleven pairs of chromosomes.)
Mesh Around is another event starting soon, most specifically on the 1st of June until the 15th and this one is a gridwide hunt involving some of the best, new and not so new shops on the grid working with like the name says, mesh.
They are crazy up here in the U.P. and they talked me into being crazy too and not having an epidural.
The Reapers are tipped off about the Catalyst by the Illusive Man (more on why he would help the Reapers later) and are somehow able to move the Citadel from space and has it hovering over the city of London. This where the last mission, Priority Earth, becomes the most urgent and adrenaline rush mission you get. My final squad selection for this mission were Kaidan and Garrus. Shepard and your squad have to fight through the army the Reapers have created in London to get close to the beam leading up into the Citadel. As Shepard and your squad races to the beam, you watch people get blasted by Harbinger’s death beam (Harbinger being a character from Mass Effect 2). At some point, the beam hits or nearly hits Shepard and she blacks out. When my Shepard comes to, her armor is charred with cuts and bruises on her body and is near death at this point but she manages to get up and limp the rest of the way to the beam. For some reason you don’t know where your squad members are, but it doesn’t matter when the goal is to get to the Catalyst. Instead of any big, bad boss fight in the end to further hamper your way to the Catalyst you get to shoot some husks running at you before taking out the final enemy which is a Marauder Shield––easy enemies you have been fighting off as target practice in preparation for the big battle.
Me: If you want to be in charge of the laundry, Mr Fussy Sock Matcher, go ahead.
NANCY GOSLEE POWERS: Landscape Architect
If you would like to read more about those subjects I welcome you to visit my website at
All it takes is a flicker.
Thank you again Mary and Kate! and thank you Etsy for having them blog!!
Last time it was mostly about dehydration and it was a quick visit. This time it was like a double bonus round. I think in general, I tend to be dehydrated, I had been consistently nauseated, and I had consistently been in pain. Putting all those three together, I couldn't maintain any of those by myself and felt overwhelmed.
. . . challenges me like nothing else.
According to its Director of Communications, Susan Obleski, as of mid-June the Susquehanna River Basin Commission has approved withdrawals from the Susquehanna River Basin of 98 million gallons a day. (That certainly puts the initial 0.25 million requested by Exxon from the Delaware River basin in perspective.) The withdrawals are predominantly of surface water although some underground water is being taken. The figure does not include water that the companies take from the public water systems, which they take without such permits. It also doesn't mean that the approved amount is currently being withdrawn. Not accounting for what is withdrawn from public water systems that amount is currently less. The 98 million gallons per day withdrawal approval figure is good for five years.
If you made it all the way to the end of the post, I have a request for you. I need some Bible Verses that relate to where we are right now. I would love it if you would send some my way!!!
Did they cuff you when they brought you in? Were they rude to you? Did they racially or homophobically abuse you? Didn’t get fed? Cell too cold? You are decent folk who don’t want to make a fuss but trust me, it pays to whinge and no matter how trivial and / or poorly founded your complaint there are people who will uncritically listen to you and try and prove the complaint on your behalf. Some of them are even police officers. Nothing like a complaint to muddy the waters and suggest that you are only in court because the vindictive Cops have a grudge against you. Far fetched? Wait until your solicitor spins it in court and you come over as Ghandi.
Bennett: Hey Vanya!
It was a great and beautiful day, but also a sad one.
It makes my meat loaf
A stair carpet runner will add pizazz and style to your abode. They can be costly or nearly cost free depending on your needs and technical abilities.
“Is that all your calls today?” Ted demands his eyes possessed looking.
All-in-all, I believe the benefits of social media are hard to decipher and classify. However, I wanted to showcase an assortment of ways that social networking can benefit companies of all sizes. Who knows, maybe you will experience the benefits first hand and create a tangible way of classifying your own social advantages.
You guys are awesome. Thanks for supporting HBB!
According to a report by Reuters, the Moon follows an elliptical path around Earth with one side, or perigee, about 31,000 miles closer than the other, or apogee.
This spring, she asked me if we could paint her room,
In the second part post I am going to be talking about the mass, velocity, and energy of projectiles launched from firearms; as well as some details about ammunition.
Marine engineering staff also deal with the “hotel” facilities onboard, notably the sewage, lighting, air conditioning and water systems. Engineering staff manage bulk fuel transfers and require training in firefighting and first aid. Additional duties include maintaining the ship’s boats and performing other nautical tasks. Engineers play a key role in cargo loading/discharging gear and safety systems, though the specific cargo discharge function remains the responsibility of deck officers and deck workers.
called a real Brooklyn “character”.
Poor Pleasance. What a godawfully atrocious last movie role this was. You can see his career dying with him every second he's in this movie. Every line he says is painstakingly labored and sluggish, completely forced and slow, and he just really sucks. I'm sorry I have to say that, but...there you go. Damn you Halloween 6, do you know no bounds of wretchedness? Do you have any mercy at all? You made me say Donald Pleasance sucks! My soul is forever scarred.
Introduced to North America by early colonists, yarrow soon became a valued remedy used by many tribes of indigenous people. American Shakers gathered yarrow for use in numerous medicinal preparations. The plant was listed in the official U.S. Pharmacopoeia from the mid- to late nineteenth century.
Technical: This time a simple one. Work with the opacity + saturation to bring more color to the stock picture. Added a few brushes, next I worked with some textures and as a final touch I tried this new thingy called Actions I recently download for Photoshop and I must say I’m quite addicted to them now, makes designs a lot more easier to make in matters of color effects and all.
Well it has been a longgg couple of months with the craziness of graduate school...and I have to say it probably won't settle down for a couple weeks until I hear about where I get an internship for the fall BUT I did finish with my first year of graduate school and I think that calls for a celebration (and a blog post!)
Miss Universe third runner-up Shamcey Supsup met with President Aquino Sunday night at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport’s VIP lounge before he left for the United States. The beauty queen’s courtesy call on the President took place at the NAIA because of his very tight schedule. The only person with a tighter sked is Shamcey.
No backlinking to older posts
A correspondent has emailed The 1709 Blog to ask if it knows anything about Takedown Piracy, which he describes as a "new business model of our times: the outsourced DMCA takedown bounty-hunter".
What do you do to keep this from happening? Someone told me that a teacher (in our district I think) tells the kids at the beginning of the year that if they have a name tag that looks new at the end of the year they will get a full size candy bar. I don't normally bribe the kids with candy, but with about 30 students next year that could get to be a bit cost prohibitive. Then what do you do for the student who moves in during February? Only give them half a candy bar? I can see some problems.
Cletus hurriedly made his way up the gravel lane leading to the DooLittle place as the persistent sound of gunfire grew louder ... soon he was steering the shiny police vehicle through the gate, and as he cautiously approached the DooLittle house there sat Grandpa in his rocking chair on the front porch peering vigilantly into the woods ... a look of dismay upon his craggy face ... his trusty Stevensen resting upon his bony knees ... spent shell casings scattered everywhere ... suddenly the old man brought the heavy weapon to his shoulder and leveled it in the direction of a thick clump of bull-briers Booom! Booom!! ... "what on earth is wrong with you DooLittle?! ... what are you shootin' at anyhow? cried the stunned policeman, his ears ringing from the thunderous blasts ... "why didn't you see him VanMeter? replied Grandpa ... then once again unexpectedly BOOOM! BOOOOOM!! ... Cletus tried to cover his ears with his hands, unfortunately a split-second too late, and was now certain that his eardrums had been split to shreds ... Cletus immediately sprung onto the porch and wrestled the smoking gun from the bare-knuckled grip of Grandpa DooLittle "now I demand to know ... what the devil are you shootin' at old man ... answer me?!" ... Grandpa pointed in the direction of the woods "are you blind VanMeter? ... cain't you see him? ... Deputy VanMeter slowly and deliberately scanned the wood line from end to end but saw nothing of significance "I don't see nothin' but trees and bushes Grandpa ... so what were you shootin' at?" ... Grandpa's answer was unflinchingly and unabashedly succinct "that thar green-clad lepr'chan!" ... well Deputy Sheriff Cletus A. VanMeter straightaway took a more thorough gander towards the woods! ... when the lawman turned back he discovered what he thought was the likely cause of Grandpa's "lepr'chan" sighting plainly sitting there between the feet of the elderly gunslinger ... an empty 2-gallon stone jug ... of which the intoxicating contents had been gradually transferred during the course of the afternoon down the gullet and into the gaping innards of Grandpa DooLittle ... who was duly and soundly intoxicated!
Oh, never call it loving!
Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and paprika if desired.
When we set out to alter this well-established setup, nothing works, and we become frustrated by our lack of power. Eventually we just sit and wonder what’s going on. All we can determine is that it feels like we’re watching ourselves — and this inability to interact feels like powerlessness. But it’s exactly this ability to observe ourselves that creates our existence. Without this awareness, how else would we know we’re alive, we’d be like rocks. This is not a lack of power, it’s the power to create life.
To be humbled in Iceland
Water Brush or Paint Brush and Water
I am thinking ____________________________________________ .
240g frozen corn kernels
Judge # 3 - No Report.
Yahushua told them that everyone that His Father gives Him will come to Him and who ever comes to Him, He would not turn away. These are the chosen and these are the called. This is as forthright a statement of the paradox of predestination and free will as can be found. The Father has given certain people to Yahushua. How does one find out if they are one of them? Everyone is given free will and can choose and come to Him because they have Yahushua’s promise that He would not turn anyone away. When one seeks Him they will find Him, when they seek Him with all their heart. Yahushua is available to anyone who is hungry and thirsty for the Bread of Life.
These are my feets. If you look at the left one you can see that my toes and joints are all straight and point forward and the joint on the side is rounded. Then, notice how on the right, my big and second toes curve inward and to the right and the joint juts out sharply.
Whoa, whoa. An official link-up? I think I'm getting ahead of myself here.
We come now to encounters and combat, perhaps the most complex aspect of the whole game rules-wise, albeit in relative terms. This section of the pdf covers initial situation and the various reactions, and has an optional less random system for initiative which mixes things up a little. Certain details, like movement rates, may leave some scratching their heads, but the short section on adventuring at the end of the file, or a careful re-read, should hold the answers. Also, while the section covers additional aspects of combat fully, including fumbling or jamming, critical hits and the potential for instant death, there's no clear overview, so if you are new to this kind of game, I suggest reading through it all before attempting to understand any one element.
a nice reading on The Self and Synchronicity
So, in addition to keeping the kids busy I am on a mission to increase my score. Sad? Maybe, but very true. I am really, really annoyed by my lack of athletic prowess at this ....sport???
However, addressing dysfunctions within a dominant coalition can be among the most risky for a consultant. As with any performance review, it is not enough to generally identify a perceived problem. Specific examples must be provided, but done so in a manner that allows members of the coalition to save face. Often this means allowing coalition members a significant role in developing process-oriented solutions, while not forcing a “whose fault is it” discussion of the problems.
I have two new publishers, two new series coming and high expectations for this next part of my career. I hope you will join me on my journey about my writing life, my life in general and my experiences as a volunteer at the local animal shelter and the humane society. I’ll try to make it interesting.
Most puzzling is McCombes’s account of the political partnership between him and Sheridan. He claims “no trace of acrimony” between the two until 2004 and insists Sheridan confessed to him in late 2002 that he had indeed visited Cupids sex club in Manchester.
The modern man asleep at the wheel.
By continuing to grow the federal deficit in the Obama manner, the Administration is stealing from future generations (assuming the debt is someday repaid, a stretch) or else from debt holders (who will be forced to take pennies on the dollar paybacks).
(I have to stop now to mention that my father just walked in the front door wearing no pants. I should ask questions but it would kill the holiday magic.)
You would think that I would lose a pound a week or so just from giving up regular sodas, even if I didn't do any other diet stuff. But that doesn't seem to be happening.
Our two ideas: Pajamas Get an F? and The Schoolroom Isn’t Their Bedroom
The Ignorant Noob
The court learnt that the man was teaching Mathematics at the secondary school during which he added the girl as a contact on Facebook to obtain her mobile number.
I know I shouldn't blame myself, and I really don't. But it's hard not to ask "why?" and it's hard not to wonder if I could have done something differently. Her last words to me made it clear that she considered me a friend - did she not trust in that friendship enough to confide in me? Or was she trying to reach out but couldn't find the words? Or was she grasping for a lifeline that day and I failed to notice?
“Please create cute independent children to love,”
For the fan this is of course remastered along with added essay on the band but perhaps adding a DVD of some live highlights would have made it a real ‘must have’ for fans.
The creature that dwelled deep inside Lyca forest was one that was simply evil. It was the worst type of creature, the one all the other bad creatures cross the road to avoid passing. It was thirteen and a half feet tall, and that was with the hump in its back that caused it to lean over at a slight angle to the right. It was clothed in robes that hooded the creature, that were of a most bottomless and hopeless black and ripped and torn as if they had been through barbed wire. Its face was one of terror incarnate, with entirely white eyes, slits for nostrils and a wide, gaping pit for a mouth that constantly hung open as if it were howling with misery. It had teeth that were broken and jagged, skin that seemed to not be large enough to fit its face and therefore appeared stretched and peeling. It was, in short, horrifying.
"Unwritten"
of course not. it's not healthy to let a child run roughshod over... well, anyone. parents included. i will still make naptime available, as always, but i have to respect what is if it's just not working despite trying.
End scene and fade to black.
The Airport Sheraton once again hosts the conference (one of the largest in the US). Based on my past attendance, the hotel staff do a phenomenal job managing the demands of the large crowd. The Sheraton offers room discounts for conference attendees, and it's accessible by mass transit.
Review by the children of class 5J and Mrs Jones
Q: You know I’m going to write this in a story right?
A nice spring feeling with a new floral cami from SMS and new jeans from Sn@tch. The butterfly crown is also new, at the Fantasy Fair: there are 2 animated butterflies, that gently flap their wings. The necklace from Yummy isn’t new, but very pretty, with little gold butterflies on a chain.
Given that the preamble to the Massachusetts State Bar’s Rules of Professional Conduct states that “a lawyer is a representative of clients, an officer of the legal system, and a public citizen having special responsibility for the quality of justice,” Murphy’s behavior raises some serious questions:
To their mind this is not what British workers are supposed to do, our leaders have spent years training and intimidating us with the 'R' word to the point where we no longer dare to question their great scheme. We are supposed to sit at home cheering for black football players and voting for non whites to represent Britain in the Eurovision song contest and to accept without complaint whatever ordure the great and good chose to pour on us in the furtherance of their aim of irrevocably changing our homeland.
And remember what Marilyn used to say : We are all stars and we deserve to twinkle.
that the world still isn’t fair
Holeman said police had no new leads Monday morning and that Zinkhan still has not been spotted.Take a good look at the picture, and remember: still at large, do not approach.
In her own words: Quite simply I'm a Brit who was whisked off by a knight in shining armour (well, an accountant) to live in the USA some twenty years ago. We now have three kiddy-winkies and a mutt with selective hearing.
Geoff Bowden (Barnsley Independent Group) 458
Peter fell to the ground; his whole body was stricken with a coldness that went far beyond his body. His very soul seemed frozen. His warm delight at being a martyr for God was gone; it was replaced by a terror of the dark void beyond death. The whole idea of God became foreign to his intellect, and his will cried out for escape. Simon saw all of this and smiled, his mouth grew tighter and tighter as if getting ready to welcome Peter in Hell. He spoke aloud, “Peter, I ask you for the final time, will you deny Jesus Christ?”
But for strength, that we may ever
Thanks for stopping by and be sure to check out what the Divas below have for you today. AND don't forget to leave some love for a chance to WIN THESE STAMP SETS!! Winners will be announced at our Anni-VERVE-sary Bash Release Party that night. And for even more chances to win new stamps, play along with our Anni-VERVE-sary sketch challenges, going on this week in our forum!
17.07.08 US Northampton, The Elevens - TBC
He looks like a Rome. She imagined him dressed in armor and chains, leading an army of men with no thought to being disobeyed. Imagined him standing over the bed of a naked woman, ready to enjoy his spoils.
But once we were under the shade of the pines and changed into our swim trunks, we saw that swimming would be impossible. Out on the landing, where the sand sloped into the cool green lake, hundreds of cottonmouths sunned on the rocks and darted through the water. You flushed and looked for a place to sit, but they were everywhere around us, and even as we went back under the pine trees, we saw them under the tables and curled around the fire pit, slithering through the brush, moving through the shadows, all around where we had left our clothes.
When it comes to digital advertising, small business owners (SMBs) must wade through a lot of industry jargon. Today, they have to make sense of words like SoLoMo, and tomorrow, they’ll be evaluating marketing options with terms such as InstaLikes.
● Work with national, regional and local governments and public
When Peace was far away—
Classic children's fiction for the 8-12 age group demands adventure, and the first book in John Dougherty's Bansi O'Hara series offers thrills and dangers aplenty.
Nor did little blue birds form a halo around her head
Today is Good Shepherd Sunday… We hear Psalm 23 and the section from John 10 that Jesus describes Himself as the Good Shepherd…
While I was working out in the garden this afternoon I discovered to my delight a little green tree frog sunning himself right next to my frog statue in the herb garden. This is the first tree frog I've seen at this house, and spotting the little guy made me really happy because it means that the garden is starting to be able to support wildlife.
25. What was the best book you read?
Lunch today- Egg Salad and oranges
Active media consumption is the emerging model for media consumption, where we have to make our choices without someone providing our options to us. Music is just one example. Netflix uses this model for television and movie consumption.* To a certain extent, Amazon has done the same for books. Even traditional broadcasting companies are jumping on board by allowing you to watch new episodes of many shows online or through an iPad app almost immediately after they first air. We’re still in transition to this new media model, but you can clearly see it happening every year.
Yesterday I did some catching up on my google reader and noticed that The Loonie Stampers Challenge is back up and running after their summer break. The theme picked by Wendy last week was School Theme. That inspired me to post this little project I finished over the summer.
Tiny white splotches dotting otherwise healthy-looking pink nails are not normally a sign of anything serious. Most often, those spots are the manifestation of some type of trauma to the nail. If you injure the nail matrix—the area at the base of the nail where new nail cells are created—you’ll see the results of that trauma show up as white spots as the nails grow out. But since it takes several weeks for those new nail cells to grow out to a place on the nail plate where the injury is visible, chances are that by time you notice a white spot, you may have forgotten the nail-slamming incident that caused it. But if you’re certain you didn’t injure your nails and you are noticing recurring white spots, there are several other causes—including the skin conditions psoriasis and eczema, or a diet that’s deficient in the mineral zinc (found in whole grains, poultry and seafood).
That was Hayden's idea. He's not sure where he heard the name, but he knows he likes it. For now, we're calling her that. It has a nice ring to it, don't you think? Sassy for short.
so you could go and terrorize
18. Ayumi Ishida - Yuwakuteki Na Gogo
Bronchitis is working its way out of my system and I am looking forward to an easy week of easing back into my running groove. Jim gets back Tuesday night (He has been in Las Vegas for a work trip for the past several days) and Noah and I are looking forward to seeing him. It has definitely been a little harder being sick and not having the extra help.
Carol brought a really beautiful card to show this week. White with splashes of orange - I totally love the Marianne Design border dies and the way Carol used them - combine that with those gorgeous flowers, the bow made with such pretty striped ribbon and a heart shaped button to finish it off, a stunning result! I'd be so delighted if I'd made this Carol, it's elegant and striking at the same time.
The "V" Word: Say it. Eat it. Live it.
How is everybody doing?
That's better.
Anyway, whether you need to understand your text messages better, believe the whole English-speaking world will go leet one day, or (like me) you just get a kick out of anything speech related, here’s the link. Translate away.
next time you are held hostage in your house, you too should make this lovely sauce. "they" say it will last indefinitely in the pantry. (who "they" are, i'm not quite sure, but i'm going to trust "them" on this one.)
2 1/2 - 3 c. powdered sugar
So we flew to California last week. On the way out there, Leo got to sit next to the OCD guy who liked to whistle. And then hum. And then whistle some more.
1/2 tsp Cream of Tartar
If you have been reading my blog for awhile, you may have come to understand how I love scrapbooking, documenting family life with pictures, and family history.
This beer pours a hazy golden color with one finger's worth of off-white head that faded quickly into decent spotty lacing. The nose hits pretty nicely on this beer and is full of pine, grapefruit, and other citrus spice, and only really a touch of caramel malt base on the nose. The flavor starts with plenty of hop bitterness followed by a big rush of citrus fruit and resinous pine flavor. The bitterness upfront settled down a bit about half way down my glass and then the caramel malt really provided a decent balance to the hops. I think this beer was brewed with only Columbus hops, but if anyone knows for sure please let me know. The wasn't much carbonation in this offering and it left an almost astringent bitterness lingering after the swallow. I am fine with that, but I can see how others would not like that in the finish. I think one bomber was just about perfect for me, and I would very much like to try the other IPA styles from Flossmoor.
While Leah's parents fight to save their daughter from destroying her brilliant future, Leah's younger sister, Justine, must cope with the damage her out-of-control sibling leaves in her wake. Will this family survive? What happens when love just isn't enough?
Want your kids to eat healthier? Cook! Cook with them, cook in front of them, cook with healthy organic foods and teach them how to grow up eating healthy. Start those habits early. Shop with them. My son was curious about a veggie and as a result, I learned how to cook it.
But for the time being, get use to the lumping of ‘failed policies’ mantra.
Although I may not have developed a fear of falling rats, I did from then on show a healthy respect for overhead infestations, as well the leaping ability of our furry friends and the overatedness of thermos flasks.
You will know that I didn’t want you to leave
But its coming people. Its coming.
Continued:
Once you think you’ve kneaded it enough, put the dough into an oiled bowl to prove. The first proving should be for around an hour, or until its doubled in size. I couldn’t detect a massive size difference in my dough post-proving and thought that the recipe had gone disastrously wrong at this stage. But I carried on regardless, and after about an hour I transferred the dough into a rectangular tin lined with parchment paper. Push the dough to the corners of the tin, and push your fingers into the dough to give it the dimpled focaccia appearance.
Me: You can call him a pussy if you want to.
Brown bottles filter out the light at these wavelengths and so protect the beer. Clear bottles don't; neither do green bottles. And although commercial beer isn't likely actually to sit out in the sun for any length of time, there is UV light in indoor florescent lighting as well. So although the required exposure time is longer, the effect can be the same: a degraded product over time.
Then I was asked my final opinion on the race, if the Democratic primary were held tomorrow.
Now, I thought that maybe it was the dressing. Or the croutons. Or the bacon bits.
A woman is someone who has to be courageous – when the man she is with cannot be the man he is supposed to be for her.
The language of the future is just as unpredictable as the fashion sense of their generation. But instead of taking this as a roadblock, I’ve made up a few of my own words and given an alternate meaning to common words. For even though the words will change, a teen’s need to be different and possess their own vocabulary will not.
* Got married and left therapy. I had been “at it” for almost 4 years….time for a break anyway. Had sort of done all I could at the time. Achieved much needed stabilzation from the therapy, and the Zoloft I eventually got on was a bonus. But I knew…someday…there would be more to do.
molly cate!
Shaun Burnie
Yes, I have been told that I need a blog. Something to keep the masses up to date on my poetry, performances, my first chapbook. And everything else that involves being me. Cool.
“Ha? Teka lang 5 mins”
...a little growth, still in the 20th percentile for your weight, but your head sure got big!...
Those who talk about a June 9 general election obviously have no idea of what’s happening in Sabah and Sarawak.
Take him in your lap.
Today is May Day. I think you are suppose to leave flowers on someone's doorstep. And try to get away before they catch you. If they do catch you leaving them flowers, you get a kiss.
i posed you and your brother together under our dying christmas tree.
She’s the girl reading while waiting in that coffee shop down the street. If you take a peek at her mug, the non-dairy creamer is floating on top because she’s kind of engrossed already. Lost in a world of the author’s making. Sit down. She might give you a glare, as most girls who read do not like to be interrupted. Ask her if she likes the book.
Here's the entrance into get into our phase...
Will chuckled. "Okay, you got us. We made the journey at three in the morning. You girls were passed out sleeping."
But we have a few Roald Dahl books here I’m temped to just read myself ha ha. I also like the Dear Dumb Diary books, that neither of my girls cared for. So maybe you`ll see me on the beach or in the park with my face in a children`s book…and guess what I LOVE EM!
Sing with me, just for today
Recent polls have shown that many Americans think the economy is still in recession, and that more people have confidence in Romney than in Obama when it comes to spurring growth. The economy tops the list of issues most on voters’ minds. At his first major rallies of the 2012 campaign, the president explicitly sought to steer the debate over the weekend away from the classic political question “are you better off than you were four years ago?” and asked Americans to “keep believing in me.”
Hello, my friends. I'm not so sure that I like this new format that blogger has. What was wrong with the other one?
You plant and grow your own herbs, indoors, near your kitchen or outdoors in your front or back yard because of its usefulness. Now, you’ve been successful in your domestic herb or home herb garden, but how about managing it or making use of it? In this aspect, we need to do some ‘little work’ for us to achieve our objective.
Sweet yearning is the rose we meet on our path
You can communicate with your guardian angel through a number of ways and most of the time you have to open your third eye. People usually go to psychics to help them communicate with their guardian angels because the psychics possess the “third eye”. Though that is effective, you have to pay a certain payment to get their services. Moreover, that can be a little expensive. Most of the time people take matter into their own hands and seek their guardian angels themselves. We are of course talking about meditation. In addition, the experts say that this is the for sure way to communicate with one’s guardian angel.
I love that everybody looks ill in this cousin picture. Gracious sakes, we are in that season of life, I'm afraid.
Nietzsche’s overall attitude towards the theses of The Genealogy is contradictory. He exposes quite neatly and perceptively how so many supposedly noble ideas – good, evil, guilt, conscience, justice, purity, selflessness, etc. – are really methods of torment and cruelty concocted so as to maintain and defend oppression and inequality. Yet at the same time, he is clearly more enthusiastic about inequality and oppression than about almost anything else – his whole philosophy is geared towards a love for anyone who can and will treat other people like dirt and control them. And so in this sense his ‘unmasking’ of moral fictions is really a defense of them.
This is the best time of year for taking photos in the garden which usually inspires me to start a new flower painting- lately, the peonies have been calling to me!
I'm no shrinking violet, but I have met more people in real life by first making contact with them on Twitter than I ever realized I would! People in my own city with whom I might rarely cross paths but who shop at the same stores I do, walk the same streets. And so what if you did pass someone in the stairway of the parking garage? Would you really take the opportunity to get to know them? Certainly not. But because of Twitter, I know that guy in the stairway is actually Ed, he lives one street over from me and his wife likes reading! So I say "Hi Ed!" and he says "Hi Liz!" and we both win at being humans in real life. The local connection is vital. On Twitter we all talk about traffic, weather, what is that parade going by my window right now? It's like the walkie talkies I had as a kid, except back then no-one was out there to answer my 10-4 good buddy.
And your donation to my everlasting youth is greatly appreciated.
So this organised person has now done another clean out of the closet and playroom, finding clothes and toys and other things to donate to all of these people who have lost everything. It's a very sad time for these people and they need to be in our thoughts and our prayers to get through this incredibly difficult time.
My advice is to evaluate your sales team and find out the reality you face and build from there with the proper expectations.
It always amazes me that the kids can do this. They really can! Even after a doughnut or two. Even after hanging out in the game room, where ping pong balls whiz across the room and it's too loud to hear yourself think.
Melchizedek Priesthood: The authority to preside in the church and administer the higher ordinances of the church. The priesthood is organized just as it was in Jesus’ time. Consequently, the church was governed by high priest councils until 1834, and then in 1835 the First Presidency was organized and the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles was added. The addition of the office of Seventy completed the organization of the priesthood, though God took the next 150 years to tweak the organization, organizing, dropping, redefining, and reassigning the Seventies until He got it perfect sometime in the 1990s.
This is an early favourite of mine
I enjoyed this. It was a simple story but the performances as usual lifted it up. My God, Bill was a baby in this movie (I mean, by his looks). And I hear there was tons of criticism about his performance but I didn’t see anything wrong with it. Again, it was jarring more because he didn’t look like he usually does and yes, maybe he overacted a bit but there were times that really fit the character of Joe. Joe was pretty torn about his desires. I think this was my first time seeing Barbara Stanwyck and I liked her but the romance aspect wasn’t my favorite part. And Cobb was completely unrecognizable and his performance was great as well (I also keep thinking he’s someone else, oops). I thought the final boxing match was shot beautifully and the ending was moving.
A mockup of the Entebbe airport was assembled in the desert based on Mossad intelligence. The raid—dubbed Operation Thunderbolt—was practiced over and over and over. The clock was ticking. And time was not on the side of the hostages.
40 Avenue Duquesne, Paris 7th # 01 53 86 09 09
In addition to naming Bennett to the Director post, Beam also named long-time employees Linda Hayes, as the Center’s Trade and Hospitality Manager, and Debbie Faust as Still House and Outpost Manager. Hayes, a Beam veteran with more than 30 years at the company, will oversee the overall visitor experiences for special guests. Faust, who started as the Beam Outpost Manager in 2006, will oversee the Center’s retail operation.
hey there strangers.
I'm so glad to be back crafting!!! I promised myself I would take at least one hour a day to work on a project or post a blog, so now on to crafting.
And yet, the one positive through all this is that I don’t look old. I don’t look 42. I look ten years younger. Clean and healthy living, see?
Shahid can be called Mr. Dependable when it comes to his friends at least. He has always been around for ex-flame Priyanka Chopra whenever she needed him. We just hope, the sweetheart that he is, Shahid finds his true love soon.
I danced with too many people to mention them all but I have to mention some.
The older brother had to go to town, so he helped the carpenter get the materials ready and then he was off for the day. The carpenter worked hard all that day measuring, sawing, nailing, and hammering.About sunset when the farmer returned, the carpenter had just finished his job. The farmer’s eyes opened wide, his jaw dropped. There was no fence there at all.
The miraculous reproduction system of Rheobatrachus silus explicitly invalidates the theory of evolution, since the whole system is irreducibly complex. Every step has to take place fully in order for the frogs to survive. The mother has to swallow the eggs, and has to stop feeding completely for six weeks. The eggs have to release a hormonelike substance to neutralize stomach acids. The addition of the extra protein-rich yolk to the egg is another necessity. The widening of the female’s oesophagus cannot be coincidental. If all these things failed to happen in the requisite sequence, the froglets would not survive, and the species would face extinction.
“It specifically cautions against using the Enneagram, which in recent years has enjoyed some popularity among Christian groups and has even been promoted by some Catholic religious communities. The Enneagram, a pseudo-psychological exercise supposedly based on Eastern mysticism, introduces ambiguity into the doctrine and life of the Christian faith and therefore cannot be happily used to promote growth in an authentic Christian spirituality.”
For the moment, anyway, there is no provision in the Rules for the role of disclosure assessor. Like so much else, however, there is no reason why parties should not appoint such a person by private agreement in an appropriate case, ”appropriate” generally implying that time and costs are to be saved by the joint instruction of a neutral person to stand between the parties, with an understanding of the Rules, the parties’ objectives and the techniques (a wider concept than mere technology) which might be used to cut down the disclosure burden.
inventory stocked.
I think of the the way humpback whales breach the sea with a snort from their blowholes and a wave of their flukes, and I remember how the water erased all signs of their passage moments after they dove again. Is that how it is for us? Do we slip crying breath into this world only to disappear, all traces lost when our time is done?
The study, authored by consultant Chetan Sharma, examined approximately 7 million patents granted both by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the European Patent Office. The data revealed that the U.S. saw a 390 percent increase in mobile technology patent grants, while the European market witnessed a 173 percent increase. Companies with the largest mobile technology patent portfolios include Samsung, Microsoft, IBM, Qualcomm, RIM, Oracle, Apple, Google, and Amazon.
He argued that Obama has shown no authenticate evidence to the New Jersey Secretary of State demonstrating who he is and that he was born in the United States. Apuzzo also argued that as a matter of law, Obama is not a “natural born Citizen” because he was born to a father who was not a U.S. citizen.
We sat in a booth toward the back of the restaurant. The place was about half-full. Diners sipped coffee and scooped up eggs (it was still before 10 a.m. on a Saturday — we were just early for lunch). I looked at a menu that had probably 100 possible items. My mom knew what she wanted: a hot pastrami. Coming in I debated between a reuben or a hot pastrami. I went with the latter. Meat is piled 2 inches high and sandwiched between fresh and sturdy rye. This pastrami has the right amount amount of salt; not overdone, which makes it hard to resist eating the whole thing. I left half of a half. The cole slaw is dusted with caraway and has a mild zing from vinegar. Our waitress brought three types of mustard (sweet hot, spicy brown and Russian hot) to go with the yellow bottle already on the table.
Location: The group allegedly conspired to use explosives to destroy the four-lane Brecksville-Northfield High Level Bridge that crosses a national park, near Cleveland
Trafficking for the purpose of commercial sexual exploitation is common throughout Pakistan. Reports show that there is a trend of Bangladeshi girls and women between the ages of 12 and 35 brought into Karachi, where the buying and selling of trafficked women and girls takes the form of auctions. There is often a family lineage of prostitution particularly among lower caste families and girls may be pimped by their own mothers. In eastern Pakistan and Afghanistan, daughters of prostitutes particularly in the red-light district are outfitted with a natli (nose ring) at birth. When they reach puberty bidders vie to remove the natli, winning bids often exceed $1,000.
We used some bronze spray paint on all of the hardware, so it's still dated, but it looks better.
My wife bought me a non-dive watch for father’s day a couple months after I had sold off all of my dive watches. It is not a known name, not automatic, and not expensive, but it is the most valuable watch I have ever owned, because someone I love took the time to go out and pick it out for me. All of the others I chose, they were self-service, and they meant nothing in the grand scheme of things.
Arisa: An interesting character if not actually likeable. I don’t have to like a character to enjoy them. Her role was interesting, her motives and plans varied even if the cause for them wasn’t really established all that well… she wasn’t a bad character.
This leads to the film’s most common criticism, that it cheaps out on showing the horror that a viewer presumably expects to see based on the cover art. Unsurprisingly, I disagree. I love zombie flicks, but they’re samey in their special effects and “shocking” gore notes. They’re almost comforting that way, like a bedtime story you’ve heard read a hundred times…assuming your father was Jeffrey Dahmer. If a character on a crackly phone line describes an undead mob converging on a victim, I’ve got the mental image in place by the fourth word. If that mob is dog-piling on a family’s car while imitating windshield-wiper blades…I’ve got to work a little harder for it, and when the visual finally clicks…hoo boy. There’s no filmed scene that could ever match up.
I'm not going to go into all of the details about the wedding. I'm just too busy at work for all that. I'll post pictures once I get them from the photographer - who by the way was amazing!
4) Accept that I’ll have to go for a full 4 semesters plus a summer and take 4 classes in the Fall of 2012, 4 classes in the Spring of 2013, 2 classes in the Summer of 2013, 4 classes in the Fall of 2013 and 4 classes in the Spring of 2014 = 18 classes. Spring of 2014?! No. I don’t want to wait that long. Not to mention, that would then have me graduating in May, when most school districts start hiring in May and June for the next school year. I would be a recent graduate, with no experience, stressing over taking the state exam to get my certification at the same time I’m looking for a job. Can we say overwhelming?
God—remind us of our wholeness.
The third day: "Heads Don’t Match Bodies".
Warmest regards and hope your coffee was perfect this a.m. I'm sipping mine as I type from my bed with my MARTHA STEWART magazines that just came in the mail while I was responding. Now I can find cool things like bowls of lemons and stuff ; )
"My Heart Leap Up."
The roof had crashed in flames onto their bodies, cremating them in front of my eyes.
it is in FULL Florida sunshine
I developed an interest in writing that has evolved into a passion. I can't do as much as I want to (or the kind I want to do) but that doesn't stop me. I am not saying what I am working on right now- that's my secret- but I'll say that my passion for writing has only grown.
In our empty rooms 410
TLDR: Don’t rely on out-sourced story-tellers; Bring JoJ back, you can use both it and other story telling avenues; Don’t follow other companies’ false philosophy of ignoring lore and story.
"Mexico," I said. "I'm a city girl, Yuji."
I’m not saying that I’m any good at it, but I have always loved to write. I love how writing helps me to get my ideas and plans straight in my head and makes some sort of order and sense of the random jumble of dot points in my brain.
I set the alarm for 8am. I was due at rehearsal at 10 am. It is only 20 minutes away, but I knew it would take that extra time to convince myself to get out of bed.
Working with the cast and crew on-set was a great experience. Everyone worked well together even though some scenes where hot and stuffy. The cast was lively, great to chat with and we cracked some jokes. Lee Sales is a great director, I thought things ran smooth without too many upsets. I’m sure that I will work with the cast and crew again in the future for another successful movie.
The issue has fallen into entirely predictable lines with accusations of sexism and demeaning women on one hand and humourlessness on the other, and I've no intention of rehashing it here. Personally, I'm not too concerned about this name, although there have been one or two names over the years that I disliked. Not all women find such names offensive - one of my female friends delights in ordering Top Totty when it's on at our local, and Tory MP Tracey Crouch twittered "Why is a beer called Top Totty offensive & now banned from Commons? Not as if it is called Middle-Ranking Totty" - but I think we have to accept that some women do. It's no good throwing around accusations of humourlessness, which isn't actually true anyway as we all have different ideas of what's funny.
And putting the entry in decreases the odds for the other Applicants, all of whom met the Entry Requirements.
I woke up sometime after midnight to put myself to bed. I almost blogged the dream then because it was so vivid, and I kind of wish I had because I'm sure I've forgotten parts now. But it truly was classic.
This is all very new for me. Despite my antics so far in 2012, this is the first time I’ve found myself in a dating situation. Mr Music (as much as I liked him) dicked me about. Funnily enough, he called when Mr Double-Barrel and I were in a cab on our way to the club to find out if I was still out and when I told him I was with Mr Double-Barrel, I got an ‘oh’ in response. Oh well. Time waits for no-one. That said, it would’ve been nice for me to flaunt myself in front of him because I’d made probably the most amount of effort with my appearance in my life. A little part of me wanted payback for the night of his ultra-crap leaving drinks. But I digress. My point is that we never dated – and while I did agonise over whether to text him, whether he’d reply etc etc, this is not the same situation.
New England Patriots DE Jared Crick (Neb) It was surprising to many to see New England quietly continue to win. Now they are ready to address their short comings after (my prediction) of losing to the Baltimore Ravens. Crick provides the Patriots a player used to playing in the cold and willing to do what it takes to succeed.
A seasoned adventurer, he enlightened me with all manner of new experiences in every realm imaginable. This day was no exception, bittersweet as it was. His late morning arrival in rumpled clothes from the previous night’s bacchanalian foray told me it was over and we both knew it. But, we were determined to make it a great day. Save the best for last; and we did…
You have to know how much I love Jack’s Mannequin and Andrew McMahon for me to attend this show. Sound Academy is one of the worst venues in the city on a multitude of levels: security staff are ignorant; the layout is full of poor sightlines; the sound’s not the best; and the location is ridiculously inaccessible in a city that, overall, is quite the opposite. But Jack’s Mannequin continues to book there on tours, and I sigh and buy my ticket anyway, because this is a band not to be missed.
James Rivera – vocals
and I relented.
Masing defended himself in the pages of the Borneo Post, having meekly declined an invitation to speak at a political forum entitled “Who is the Boss?”
In hopes of learning how to edit my novel, over the summer I read Scene & Structure by Jack Bickham. If you haven't read this book yet, I would highly recommend it. After reading it, I decided that if I am going to keep writing, I better learn how to tell a story. For now, I think this means putting that other story aside, and trying something simpler. I've started another story - one with just one POV character, and, as I write, I am trying to stick fairly closely to the principles I learned from Scene & Structure.
105. My House
More specifically on the subject of Islamic taqiyya. While in Londonistan, the media loved him all the more; not least because of his seemingly Leftist trait of fighting against 'the Kingdom of Oil'.
The think tank found that over the past decade consumption of goods and services had risen by 28 per cent to $30.5 trillion (£19bn) – with the world digging up the equivalent of 112 Empire State Buildings of material every day.
Charlie ran up the steep steps and sank into the first available seat next to Kumar. Kumar was safe. Kumar was someone Charlie felt safe around.
In every land and every generation there have been men whose overriding priority is acquiring power over others. They've espoused dogmas of many kinds, such that one cannot easily find an ideological thread to connect them all. But in one respect they've been entirely consistent: They've all labored to increase the power of governments over those subject to them.
They never told me going to school meant admitting you made a mistake, even when you didn't mean it. But when I did, my schooling finally began.
We used fallen branches and leaves from our cedar tree. Choose several curved branches of similar size, poke them into the soil, and lean them onto each other. Place leaves on top.
10. Lonely Island featuring Michael Bolton “Jack Sparrow”
The first thing we notice is the absolute explosion of color in the tree! This brilliance was achieved by application of alcohol inks onto glossy paper - gorgeous! I love the torn edges and the torn paper trunk.
Hope hoping for a purpose
Check their mailboxes, make sure they’re still guilded where you want them to be… it’s general, boring upkeep. At the same time though, it resets that nasty little ‘last logged on’ counter for both Blizzard and your guild so you won’t one day find your character sitting there with a little exclamation mark saying that you need to rename the toon.
It is a rape of trust.
Hope your week is going well.
Tomorrow I will post 10 Tips for Successful Locavore Shopping. Yay–a list!!
When will this ever end?
my MOST favorite part of all,
It’s part of the summer, just like the heat, the mosquitoes, and the afternoon siesta.
Methodology: qualitative methods, field research, experimental methods
John wrote in the Book of Revelation: “They (the believers) over came him (the devil) by the blood of the Lamb, by the words of their testimony, and they loved not their lives unto death.” Testimony is mentioned between the sacrifice of Jesus on the cross and the willingness of believers to die for Christ. Now that’s unbelievably powerful!
I thought of a couple of other themes:
Now let's unravel this dialogue - what is she actually saying. "she said that the Muslim community not only in the United Kingdom but across Europe face the rising level of anti-Islamic sentiments."
This is hard. I follow a few dozen blogs, because I find each and every one of them honest and inspirational and entertaining. I’m also not going to choose the obvious ones, because they’ve already been TMI-ed (Snarky Snatch, Black Door Press, Love Sex and Marriage).
After trying a few different things, and eventually getting to the point where A was in our bed and no one was getting any sleep, I decided we needed to try to “cry it out.” S hated hearing him cry, and we had more than a few heated middle-of-the-night discussions about who actually worked and needed their sleep (grr!), but I always insisted that the end justified the means. Maybe it’s because of A’s NICU stay, but I know that there are certain things in life that are a necessary evil (shots, etc.), and that none of those things (have or) will affect our bond with A or his secure knowledge of our love and commitment to him.
I am not sure anyone is quite as excited as I am for the return of Beavis and Butthead
Absolutely!
High prices of chili, onions and sugar on declining supplies, were cited as reasons for the higher inflation rate.
My mother used to tell the story of when her family's house burned down when she was still a young girl. She was at school on the playground. The children could see the smoke from the fire in the distance. One of the boys teased her that it was her family's house burning Later my mother was informed that it was the house where she lived that had burned. When she got to the home site she saw that there was little left of the place.
This is but the tip of the iceberg. For 500+ more examples of savage genocidal Black-on-White racism, please visit http://www.dienuwesuidafrika.com/
That list would be very very long. So many great books come out in 2012 (check out the Apocalypsies blog!). But I'll try to name just a few:
YOU have to be in control of your own life and your decisions!
PROJECTS
I woke the next morning, feeling achingly sad. As you know, I’m normally a glass half full sort of person. I walked Moll through a churchyard full of the sweet spring scent of bluebells mixed with the pungent, earthy smell of wild garlic and thought how difficult it is when people you care about have to go away. Even when you know they’re coming back.
The main reason for the influx was, of course, the Celtic Tiger and the employment and prosperity it created. Economic migrants in earnest began to arrive from 1999 onwards, lured by a country with full employment in the throes of a boom. The number of work permits issued to third country nationals rose from 6000 in 1999 to 36,000 in 2001 and to 47,000 in 2003. After May 2004, with work permits no longer required from the new EU citizens, the numbers issued began to decline. Yet even in 2007 23,604 were issued, testimony to the continuing strength of the Irish economy. In 2008, as the economy imploded, 13,567 were issued.
Lindeman’s Pêche; Belgium, Lambic, 2.5% abv
now is the time
We did a ton of baking this year, sharing with lots of folks. These are cookies that we made to take to some of our neighbors. Since we're in a "transition kitchen", there were several times that I would start projects and then remember that I didn't have my normal tools for the job. The night we decorated these cookies was no exception. However, necessity is the mother of invention and I learned several tricks that work great, including how to make my own colored sugar!
I hope everyone has a blessed Friday!!
I had the papers within three days by Federal Express, and voila! we’re done. Now to see if he is ever going to pay me. Any bets?
I was going to name this post "Let's do it Again" but on second thought....I would rather not. I had a shitty night and day and it starts while I was making this card. Who knew that while I was happily creating a card similar to my 'Purple Valentine', that something sinister was happening behind my building. A dirty criminal smashed the window out of my car, stealing my beloved E-reader. I don't want sympathy, but I do want my loss to serve as a reminder. I normally don't leave my reader in my car but I left it yesterday knowing I was going out later and would need it. My parking spot is pretty secluded and I never though I would be a target of something like this. I have replaced my window, but I guess I will wait to replace my reader. Please let my misfortune serve as a lesson, dirty rotten, soulless swine, are everywhere, and don't care how good or nice of a person you are.
My cup runs over.
If there were a way to digitally insert the 2008-2009 version of Ms. Mitra into every movie ever made, I might be offended, but I wouldn’t complain.
Mandi's son, Zachary, is disabled. Last Tuesday Mandi was reading Zach a book in which there were sock puppets. When her little guy's eyes lit up and he said he wanted to make some sock puppets like those in the book Mandy immediately emailed her church group asking for odd socks.
Ok, this every 2 weeks posting is for the birds. No, we likes birdies, so that's not really a complaint. In fact﻿ there are some eggs in that birdie house we are keeping an eye on, right outside our living room window.
Believe it or not, but my dogs don't usually wear neckties, so I knew immediately that something was up. And being the sap I am, I immediate started tearing up.
you have new or hidden talents you may not even have realized!
After a cold cereal and sum black tea. I headed out. When I arrived I was immediately greeted by my Auntie Brenda. I no longer felt like I shouldn’t have come. In fact at the very moment during that embrace I knew how much my Aunties needed me there.
I just got my contributor's copies of The Mammoth Book of Steampunk, which contains thirty stories by Jeff VanderMeer, Caitlin R. Kiernan, Elise Tobler, Jay Lake, Genevieve Valentine, Cat Rambo, Shweta Narayan, Aliette de Bodard, N.K. Jemisin, Peter M Ball, Sharon Mock, Catherynne M. Valente, Alex Dally MacFarlane, Tobias Buckell, Matthew Kressel, Margo Lanagan, Amal El-Mohtar, Barth Anderson, Jeffrey Ford, James Morrow, Cherie Priest, Margaret Ronald, Megan Arkenberg, Benjamin Rosenbaum, Mary Robinette Kowal, Samantha Henderson, Nick Mamatas, Nicole Kornher-Stace and Lavie Tidha. That's a terrific lineup and several of the stories are original to the volume.
Love can make the heart to sing,
In the course of the progamme, Perry said (I think I've got this right) how although he was pleased to be a part of the 'modern art' world, he was concerned that many contemporary works of art were less interesting than the buildings they were exhibited in, relying on the milieu of the gallery space to confer the aura of an artwork upon them. This was one of the things he liked about the British Museum - the artefacts in it were interesting in themselves. These thoughts were still kicking around inside my head when we went to the Baltic this afternoon. The Turner Prize Exhibition was certainly popular. The queue to get in was twenty minutes long...
In my need
Muffins Preheat oven to 325 degrees. If making standard-size muffins, line 16 1/3-cup molds with paper liners. Note: I lightly sprayed my muffin molds with cooking spray.
One gorgeous home is on sale for the paltry amount of 1.5 million pounds.
WIE: So you would say they have part of the picture but that without this other aspect that you are bringing in, their view is very—
2. SEVERAL times, too often to be a coincidence….we see severe weather (tornadoes , damaging winds, and hail) hit these frequency flash epicenters. This usually occurs within 48 hours of the high frequency being emitted from the ground based station (usually a ground based NEXRAD RADAR or similar produces the pulse).
Greenpeace even lost it’s tax free status from what was a very green Canadian government in 1999. This is clearly a step that should be taken by everyone against all of the green organizations, which is now big business. This may be changing now, but for years the green movement worldwide took in more money that 60 of the world’s nations, and no trade organization in the world could stand against them financially. That can only continue as long as they can convince everyone that everything mankind is doing is so destructive to the planet that it will become damaged beyond repair.
Dixie enjoyed the frisbee in the newly mown yard.
Planning is the ability to tap into the mind of God and gather the necessary details on how the vision He gave you will be implemented. It requires you to carefully do your research so you can effectively support and communicate the assumptions you make throughout the plan based upon the revelations that the Lord has given you.
Anyways, at my work there is this great quote posted--it's on this motivational-type poster, and sometimes I think they are kind of cheesy, but this one really gets me every time:
“You don’t know that.”
Phew! Some *excellent* books there that I simply can't wait to get to!
Muscadine grapes are more than just a grape with a mucous-y texture, a fruit that rolls around in your mouth like a skin covered eyeball.
He and his other members had been through hell training for 5 years,
I'm gonna start this (non-exhaustive) post with two solo albums displaying the quiet-like, ambient-drone side of the Acid Mother's main man Kawabata Makoto, anyone familiar with Acid Mothers Temple will be surprised (and hopefully delighted) by the subtlety and beauty of his (comparatively restrained) guitar work.
A statement signed by Ima Niboro, special adviser to the president on media and publicity, titled, Al Jazeera correspondent out to destabilize Nigeria, reads, “Our attention has been drawn to the unfounded and sensational news item on Al Jazeera television claiming that Nigerian President, Dr. Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has blamed the fundamentalist group, Boko Haram, for the bomb blast which occurred in Abuja yesterday”.
I Have a saying that goes like this: Information
Thanks for looking as always!
Aerobic exercise is the best choice to lose belly fat A head-to-head comparison of aerobic exercise, resistance training, and a combination of the two reveals aerobic exercise to be the most efficient and effective way to lose the belly fat that's most damaging to your health. while resistance training is great for improving strength and body mass, aerobic exercise helps you burn more calories. What counts is how much exercise you do according to Duke University Researchers.
as He is unfathomably, tirelessly gracious to me!
JIM JOHNSON?
“After a while, I had doubled my strength; my weight was DOWN to 180 pounds,” he says. “Then I got thinking, well, this is pretty cool. I wonder what else I might find if I analyze my blood.”
way for us to informally assess if they really understood the strategies, how they
President Obama has already said that the U.S. stands ‘ready to assist’ the Haitian people. The U.S. Military is the only group trained and prepared to offer that assistance immediately. They must do so as soon as possible. The international community must also rise to the occasion and help the Haitian people in every way possible. Many people have already reached out to see what they can do right now. We are asking those interested to please do one of two things: Either you can use your cell phone to text “Yele” to 501501, which will automatically donate $5 to the Yele Haiti Earthquake Fund (it will be charged to your cell phone bill), or you can visit Yele.org and click on DONATE."
Universal Music Group and
Absentmindedly forgotten
* all the celery leafy tops chopped coarsely
bind them.
fat chance of that happening now. not even the end of the first week and I'm already like a dolly daydream.
Take a minute to hug your dog – I’m sure he kisses you every chance he gets.
is Emerson? Pay it no mind, I have a short one here:
Tammy Maltby is a speaker, author and media personality with a heart for helping women to live rich, authentic lives. Her multifaceted life can be summed up in one word "encouragement". Though the gift of hospitality she mentors women in embracing community and connection though faith and food. She empowers woman to start simply but simply start! A ten-year cohost of the two time Emmy-winning NRB TV talk show of the year Aspiring Women, Tammy has also been featured on hundreds of radio and television programs, including Focus on the Family, Family Life Today, Life Today with James and Betty Robinson, The 700 Club, Midday Connection and CBN's Living the Life. She was the ongoing emcee for the John Maxwell's international THRIVE! events. She is the mother of four grown children, two of whom are internationally adopted. Tammy makes her home in Colorado with her husband.
The elder Lucynelle is a cagey creature. She does not have much in this world except her daughter and her crumbling farm. She feels a love for her daughter, she thinks. But, one wonders how a mother can in a sense sell her daughter into a marriage she does not understand. For what? … to have someone around to take care of the place. It is a good business deal but betrays the very meaning of the love a mother ought to have for her children, not to mention the love within marriage. The mother is blind to the sacred nature of her maternal duty to protect her child and even more uncomprehending of the sacred nature of marriage. Missing the sacred, she betrays it for 17 and a half proverbial pieces of silver.
Size: 26,533 acres
Once the marriage was over and my new life began, I hoped that my children would understand why their parents divorced and the truth would be seen. I hoped they wouldn’t believe the lie that I didn’t love them anymore. This was a point in my life that I desperately held on to hope.
GeGe (Granny)
My mom often tells me that perhaps my kids and I should live in the mountains, free of neighbors except for Mother Nature who will always understand the noise my kids create everyday which she added “might be too much for the human ear to handle. “
Another salad. I cannot have enough of them, especially now that it's so hot outside. And every monday I say to myself "from today on I will be on a diet", and I need to eat lots of salads with vitamins, minerals and fibres!
self-explanatory. This will definitely not be part of the origin sequence for the new Ninja Turtles because it is not serious or corny. It is pure joy.
I am unable to reduce how intense I exercise._____
That's it, it's gone. I've lost it. A series of brutal things and I am unhinged, wishing I could plant blind happiness on my face.
In my attempt to not fall into the abyss that is the couch I've begun making lists on things I need to do during the day. When I was working I had a short list, but those were things that I needed to get done that month, not that day.
It may appear that I'm being hard on this brew (especially in view of the fact that I've already stated how agreeably it tastes) but given the reality of it's overall taste, look and feel, there really seems very little point in not emphasising exactly what you should expect from it. And the dutiful public servant in me does feel inclined to redress the reality balance in response to Badger's gently misleading use of the old 'S' word.
Aren't these some brightly colored books?
Bored to Death: Bergen between Hoyt and Bond in Brooklyn
The Father is made of none, neither created, nor begotten.
01.02.82 Bristol Locarno
We didn’t go there on this trip, but the dinner entrees include plenty of seafood: fish of the day, arctic char, cod or scallops. There’s also pasta, roasted chicken, steak frites and pork shoulder. All range from $13 to $19.00.
This tremendously ear-pleasing cassette came out on SSF Tapes (+tumblr blogspot) about eight months ago. It's sofa-king good. Bedphones is a one-man avant-pop project from the periphery of Chicagoland (namely, Crystal Lake, Illinois). The sound is pretty eclectic, with acoustic guitars, 'lectric beats, ethereal vocals, mandolins, and keyboard-ish stuff coming together to make a really comfy grey-day listen. (Not that it sounds 'grey' or bland, mind you, but rather it is something to keep your mind awake on that sort of day -- and we get plenty of those during Midwestern winters/springs/autumns). I've been spinning this pretty frequently since I got it in the mail, and it's one of those albums that just kind of feels good to listen to. Relaxing, engaging, and original. I can't speak from experience, but this tape would probably go great with opiates (*I am not endorsing the use of opiates).
Release Date : 11 October 2002
Now it's your turn to show us your Birthday cards or creations! See upload instructions below! There will be five free digi's given to one lucky challenge participant who will be chosen by Random.org at the end of the month! You may use images from any company and still be included in the draw for the blog candy prize! Those who use one of Crissy's images, either from her rubber or digital collections will be entered twice in the draw. But please respect the rule of no more than three entries per
Near the spot where Xu Guan had found the gun, he found a musty canvas bag. Inside the bag were three full boxes of #2 shot 12 gauge shells and a partially empty box of #6 shot shells also in 12 gauge. The boxes turned to mush in Xu Guan’s hands. Most of the brass on the shells was corroded.
I have been through the introductory class of all of my courses now, and one common thread exists: There is some level of disingenuous nanny-ism on the part of my professors towards their students. For the most part, my professors have been extremely specific in their expectations. After all, the syllabus is sort of a "contract" between the student and the professor. "This is what I expect of you, and this is what you should expect of me," is the general message.
A satay variant from Bali, a famous hunted destination. Unlike most varieties of satay, unfeigned is unreal from minced beef, tricky, fish, pork, or even turtle meat, which is in consequence mixed disguise grated coconut, thick coconut milk, lemon liquid, shallots, and pepper. Incision around bamboo, sugar cane or lemon grass sticks, live is for grilled on starless.
We should all write to Bloggers, or drop the device, or device something else.
The trees looked shaken but not stirred. They stood dozing in the gentle breeze tired after the night’s battle.
Today was good day that got made even better by some super after school time spent with Sydney. I picked her up at her sitter's house and we went off on an adventure. (Papa was at the farm spraying our grapes.)
Pipsqueak sat on an upended crate, his feet dangling above the ground. “Her brother got his brains splattered by the coppers trying to lift some groceries.”
Inhabitants of the planet Telos. The Cryons were a feminine species adapted to the freezing subterranean conditions of their planet. Telos had been invaded by the Cybermen who had almost wiped the Cryons out.
If you are going to be shrinking your final piece: whenever possible, color the full scale version, then shrink later. This helps you have the most detail and it is much easier to accurately color tiny areas if they are slightly larger.
ATT’s former adviser Bani Kanté, who also oversaw Libyan investments in Mali, was another high-profile figure whose arrest became known on Tuesday. Two more, according to local sources, are Babaly Ba, director of the Banque Malienne de Solidarité, and Adama Sangaré, mayor of Bamako.
Email freakout. If you get into this and try this trick (you almost certainly will with MLSP and AMM- they love this) then just get ready for the “AUGH! OH! MY EYE BALLS! MY HEAD IS SPINNING, WHERE AM I?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?”
Young Frankenstein: Only Mel Brooks and Gene Wilder could come up with something this funny! Obviously this is another favorite, but it needed to be watched for the holiday. SO hilarious! It's a classic!
. . . which has some very interesting bridges, including the Millennium Bridge (below), also known as the "winking eye" or "blinking eye" bridge. As one can see from the darkness of the next photo, however, the weather was taking a turn for the worse, so I pressed on, eager to reach the green, softer footing of the English countryside.
Now he is compiling interviews of celebrities who have overcome hardships and hoping his that baseball-sized rubber “Gratitude Ball” he created will catch on. It’s a reminder to folks to connect with and thank others.
How can we allow this to continue?
wow I just heard...
The travellers have set up camp just as local farmer. Phyllis McBain, attended a meeting in Edinburgh to discuss national guidance for encampments.
Plus, the party sounds like a totally wild time. Don't think for a moment that it's the same old bullshit you've been hearing at every other "advertising is dead" conference. Heck no. This one sounds like a real fun fest...
All that was really left to do was eat one. Hard work, but I guess if I have to, I will just to be able to share my muffin with all of you. What a treat it was. I had to make a cup of coffee to really enjoy my midmorning treat. The kiddos loved them, I mean, really, who wouldn't?? Really, it was a super easy muffin to make, and I bet it would make a great treat around Christmas time in a pretty mug with the recipe attached and tied with a bow. Hmmm...gotta keep that idea around for next year.
Dr. Rosser — a biologist herself, provost at San Francisco State University, and former dean at Georgia Tech — attributes the strong representation of scientists in leadership roles to several factors, including experience in finding funding support, managing budgets and projects, and working with teams. I would add the ability to understand and analyze data and experience knowing when the data are complete and strong enough to reach a conclusion/decision.
Now let's get one thing straight. Jeffscape is not afraid. Not of anything. I'm quite serious about that. those who know him on the blog, see the arrogant shithead that he can be. Well he is a bit but he is not afraid of anything. He was extremely skeptical but always hopeful, came armed with a mini-maglite LED torch and was determined to either prove the existence or non existence of the paranormal. I on the other hand, don't believe in ghosts but the thought freaks me out and I'm slightly terrified of the dark. Whilst I'm happy to go on a tour, wondering around the rambling site after the tour in the wee small hours was not my idea of fun but I wasn't about to be left in a room where the bell hop had told us 'a little incident happened last night' so I clung like a limpet to the poor sod. Thanks to his royal intrepidness exploring the possibility of finding Mr Chen, his belt has now been stretched 2 notches since I grabbed the back of it for at least 20 minutes while he took me into the pitch black of the Asiatic Quarters. So, there's a 33 year old Veteran determined to find a spook, and a nervous (no need to know my age right now) 'unbeliever' who began to doubt her convictions hanging on in case he left me behind and trust me, he probably would have!
I have found out that I am very critical of myself. My current world is filled with self-doubt and uncertainty. Where did I put my notebook? Did I take my medicine this morning? Where are my keys? Why won’t the kids do as I ask? Where is the confidence I know used to be there?
"With all of the Type A personalities in the room . . . . . . "
The center panel and outside border were purchased last April, everything else was made from the left over fabric from the last coffee quilt. Unfortunately, it's been on the frame since May..... seven months, how's that for procrastination?????
What about a staff member that handles the enormous amount of required paperwork? If their salary is around $40,000 per year after FICA and unemployment insurance costs, that's another $5 per patient. So now, just to handle the BS and high insurance cost, you've spent up to $35 dollars just to walk in the door. Neither you, or the doctor gets any benefit from this, except the doctor may feel a little more comfortable knowing they might avoid an ugly lawsuit, or intrusive meddling by a bureaucrat.
- Betty C.
A Brightly-Coloured Box Full of Stars by Dorian Dawes
And then, those same “weak” people handed Wei his first defeat.
KABUL: The Taliban militia announced they would launch their annual “spring offensive” across Afghanistan on Thursday, threatening to target US-led NATO troops and their allies with renewed vigour.
and relative financial standing are all being harnessed to the Left's
1. take a baggie, cut it along the side and along the bottom. I feel ziplocks work best.
Fiesta - substitute the garlic for 2 tsp. chili powder, sub the BBQ sauce for salsa, and substitute the cheddar for Mexican style cheese.
The test was good, I panicked at times .. and got myself flustered when some things weren’t going right .. but I passed it and that’s all that mattered. The thing that calmed me down more than anything was hearing my grade for the previous assignment. I got a B- .. so the pressure was kind of taken off my shoulders for the test .. because I had a strong chance of passing the module as a whole regardless .. always nice to know.
I was surfing Youtube last night for some research on accents and came across some songs that bring back so many memories of my childhood. Teenage years actually.
27) Would you like to help me with my self esteem?
I’m from New Orleans. I don’t say this in any kind of way, except to say that I’m from New Orleans – a very, very southern city that has maybe seen snow all of 3 recorded times in history. One such time was the day my middle sister was born in 1989. Another was last year. That’s how much it snows… that I can tell you the days with no hesitation. And each of these snow “storms” mayyyybe had at most 2 inches, although I wouldn’t bet my life on it.
It's kind of like running a marathon. You can plan, you can visualize, and you can have a goal. But, in reality, you have very little control over what happens when the day arrives. You take what the situation gives you, you push through, and hopefully at the end you can look back and smile.
Ek skryf toe terug, met die volgende:
Our evenings were a nice way to unwind. It was really fun to get dolled up and connect over meals together. Look how happy we all were!
Eyewitness accounts are scattered beyond this point - it is unknown how long this young man, a teenager at the time, hit Ingram, when or why he stopped, what condition he left Ingram in, or where he went afterward. A group of people was seen gathering around the victim, punching and kicking him, and another group (or perhaps the same one) was seen stealing money from his pocket and performing wrestling holds on his unconscious body, but by the time the police arrived, Ingram was unconscious and alone. He would never wake up.
Here are those 3 figs in their new home where they will overwinter until spring later on in the year. Behind them we have our 2 bananas and their “humidity generator” a.k.a. a Monstera deliciosa that allows them to have their own little humid microclimate. They lived through last winter without their new friend so hopefully they will arrive in spring as happy little customers. We tidied out the glasshouse to prepare it for winter and its inhabitants for receival of the maximum light that they can get over the next few months
Thus much let me avow-
I also LOVED seeing how loyal and caring Tod is in this book. It just caused major "aww!" from me - even if he was less caring about what Kaylee and Nash had to risk to help Addy. And oooh, scary when he doesn't tell her how bad her injury could get, and how he dealt with John Dekker. But I think it shows just how he treats people who hurt those he loves, and some foresight to what will eventually happen.
Going back to the hardware design, we’re hesitant to jump to conclusions at this point, but we do know that these next-generation iPhones are definitely floating around with shells that look identical to the iPhone 4. Because a report claimed that Apple is stuffing next-generation guts into iPhone 4 casings to throw off leaks, we don’t want to affirm that the new iPhone retains the iPhone 4 design. In addition, a new design has been rumored based on recent “iPhone 5″ case leaks.
Why? Because of how you REACTED. You really do not have any control over 10% of what happens. The other 90% was determined by your reaction.
It’s like Stephen King said, sometimes you can learn more from other’s mistakes than from their successes.
I dug out the first quarter of the section...then Chris dug out the rest and made me use the little shovel to dig out around the pool pump equipment. Chris is all about instant gratification on these projects!
Back from the shadows again: For the first time since early March, I’ll be returning to KSFR-FM 101.1 to do my radio shows this weekend.
Donald James Burns, 61, Nissequogue, N.Y.
fail, be chewed, ground and crushed
One of my absolute favourite things about writing a novel is all the extraordinary things you discover while doing your research that are begging, no, pleading, no, SCREAMING OUT to be used.
That someone, Gaelen, is special in his own way: he’s the last remaining Fey, a creature of the light, innocent and pure, the protector of the remaining joy the Fey bring to the world. Though attracted to Arthur, Gaelen is afraid to trust. He knows he’s being hunted for his power by a force that wants to overthrow Bacchus himself, and Gaelen will have to allow Arthur into his life if he wants to survive.
Heat the cooking oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Arrange the filled rolls in the pan. Add one cup of water, cover then allow to cook over medium heat for about 10 minutes. After the water has boiled away, continue to fry the rolls until both sides are golden brown.
Pour the pudding into a large bowl (or, if preferred, individual coffee cups) and cover tightly with plastic wrap so a skin doesn't form on top of the pudding.
That scintillating double bill, by the way, included Catherine Breillat's latest film Bluebeard and Abbas Kiarostami's 1990 film Close-Up, the latter in a new 35mm restored print. Both films, by the way, are excellent. Breillat's film takes the famous story of the wealthy aristocrat with a blue beard and a murderous past and dissects—with her usual cool precision, intelligent provocation and atmospheric sense of danger—the emotional and sexual complexities underlying not only this fairytale, but perhaps of all the fairytales we hear as children but whose real-world implications we can never fully grasp until we are older and more mature. (Its final image is particularly stunning: gruesome and chock full of devastating implications.)
I've been developing this script for a while, with readings from the Madcap Players in DC, Rhombus in Boston, and input from the Huntington Theatre Company's Playwriting Fellows Program, and folks at the 2011 Seven Devils Conference (run by id theater). I'm very excited to see how this latest version of the script plays out.
"Karuizawa 1997 13YO #3312 for Oxfam. 60.2 per cent alcohol.
The enjoyment factor of this show… it may not have been obvious throughout the review, but I fucking loved watching this show. It is easily the best ‘so bad it’s good’ thing I’ve watched in a long, long while. The trainwreck attraction of this was absolutely glorious, you just don’t get one on this scale like ever. The awful characters, the nonsensical plot, the contrived twists, all of it combined to make Guilty Crown outstandingly hilarious. Adding to the big joke that is this series is just how high profile it was – the staff lineup, the budget, the studio, the fact that it’s a noitaminA series airing over two seasons, which so rarely happens with noitaminA, it looked so set to be a massive, massive thing and seeing it fail this fucking hard was absolutely hilarious. I’m glad I got to watch it as it aired, and I’m sad to see it go because I’ll never get to see something as bad as Guilty Crown in this way for a long, long time.
And it’s likely that all of those fans — in America and overseas — will pour their passions into Panini’s Official UEFA Euro 2012 Sticker & Album Collection, a massive 539-sticker tribute to the tournament that ships May 9.
May the Easter Bunny twitch his whiskers at you and leave you something special... and chocolatey!
Who, that could admire the variance of colors in a garden, can say there is only black and white
In the final scene, Julia is present (disguised as a boy-servant to Proteus and obviously broken-hearted over P.'s pursuit of S.) as is Valentine, who is hidden and does not yet know that Proteus betrayed him. So ... in this setting, Proteus decides he's waited long enough for Silvia and tries to rape her; at which point, Valentine reveals himself and calls Proteus out for being the dick that he is; Proteus is all, Dude, I'm really sorry! And Valentine, who, remember, can't bear the thought of living without Silvia, says to Proteus, That's good enough for me! We're best buds again, and, furthermore, why don't you take my chick?
This time I'm probably making the other "typical" dish - cheese stuffed Padrón peppers. Now the authentic versions will use something like Tetilla (a Galician cows milk cheese) with recommended substitutes of Monterey Jack and Fontina but I've taken a slightly different track and used provolone.
4) A Sikh must keep hair and wear a turban.
Barley*
When I lived in London I couldn't read on the Tube not because most of the time I found myself squashed up against a stranger's nether regions or else stuffed under their arm pit, it was because I didn't want them to know too much about me or to judge me in any way.
People think I don’t care. I forget important conversation, and it looks like I don’t care enough about people to remember things about them and their lives. I miss appointments, so I look like I’m careless and don’t value people’s time. I forget birthdays and holidays, I don’t start tasks, I can’t remember e-mails or phone calls or things I’ve read. It makes me look like I just don’t care, and I’m afraid it will ruin opportunities I need–social, educational, and vocational.
Holding the robin this morning, depressed me for a while. I twittered – appropriately – the report of its death and then wrote 1500 words of a rollicking yarn, without a single reference to birds of any kind.
The product is white, and comes in a handy squeezy tube. The Fab Pore (peel) annoys me because of the pot - I find the squeezy tubes are more convenient. I normally just rub a small amount on my cheeks, chin and nose, and on my forehead if I feel it needs some good stuff. I leave it for a minute or two then wash it off with warm water. It does make your face feel noticeably softer! I find myself sometimes stroking my cheek without realising. I've tried washing it off with cold water too, but it doesn't work as well and I don't get the soft face feeling. More like sticky face feeling. I've never personally tried to remove my makeup with it either (and I always avoid the eye area after my mishap with Clean Mary), but I should think it would work well.
You have made me feel this way…your love, your touch, your conversation,
Busy Signal - Dem Call The Police
We had a wonderful response to our glitter and embossing challenge last week! Thank you to all who played!!
"Hey, mate, you mum's here." Gilly gave him a shake on the shoulder. He wasn't anymore dressed for company than Jonah. Gilly was giving the baby a bottle. Gilly was in his pajama bottoms and barefooted.
hand-painted hardwood arms and legs.
Yesterday was May Day! Did you know that May Day is actually a celebrated Czech Holiday also?!
Landscape photo of the Sandgate area of Newcastle quayside, with the Donna Marika moored next to warehouses. The flagstaff to the right of shot belongs to HMS Calliope.
While working alone at a roadside motel, Michal is harassed by the mafia thugs who arrive to carry out a scheme for their boss, who owns the motel, and Michal will be the unfortunate victim of that scheme. Fleming's dialogue for his bad guys sounds like he copied it from a bad 1930s Bogart movie; however, the two thugs themselves are very well drawn and one of them even has metal teeth which must have inspired the Jaws character who appeared in the film version. The hostage situation he describes is also nail-biting. When James Bond, after getting a flat tire, shows up at the motel, we let out the breath we've been holding because the brave knight has arrived to rescue the damsel in distress. Bond is quickly recruited to save Vivienne (not that it takes much!) and he does so in typical fashion.
I also took away all of her electronic items, until her attitude improves. Then I called my husband and told him in a calm manner, after taking deep breaths, what happened. He agreed with me, saying, “You are right.” Then he said, “By the way, what’s for dinner tonight?”
SHOWTIMES:
So now I am pulled towards a vacuum of no worries and okayness. Everything’s alright, until it explodes. By then, I will be worried and harried and buried by things I will need to do fast and all at the same time. When that time comes. Maybe I should just wait for that day.
This child's birth will signify renewal...........
I don't want to say I've accomplished nothing in that year (I did get a job and some other small things), but let's just say I'm far from what I expected. For example, I had envisioned being done with a personal statement, pre-req classes, and running multiple 5 or 10k races.
I garden for the critters and winged things
Is this coffee?
Ferrell
06-03 New York, NY – Hot 97 Summer Jam
15. Jack Sparrow succeeds.
will not make it through the cold tonight.” The rich man was also a pious man, a devoted man.
4) The Original Star Wars Trilogy – WITHOUT ANY ADDED CRAP:
On the 24th of April, searchers found him in the wreckage of a plane whose wings failed him. There's something heroic about Chesty's falling that way, through the night. It was a brave man's death. Unconquerable, even in death.
They were newly weds and I got an earful about how their commitment was just as sincere and as strong as or stronger than mine was even though they'd decided to never have kids and how dare I compare marriage vows in such a way?
My daughter is going to start pre-school in September and I feel like making some money as well. Buying a bigger house means bigger payments but we see that as an investment. It is very scary for me because I kind of had my IBS under control for a while. Less stress helped a lot but also changes in diet and I am sure losing weight has made a difference too. I am scared that it starts again if I start working again but at least I would be working in my home.
My oldest son says his favorite toy is the firetruck. He thinks the peg person that is small with a black shirt & dark hair is himself. He has quite the adventures, especially when he replaces the fireman with himself! (And the red person in the back is his cousin Parker who I'm told is also a "good guy")
Have I mentioned how perfect this weekend was?
Thank you, Conal--and Gillian. You've spun us all some fabulous answers, and I know many many readers will be even more desperate to read Bloodstone when it comes out on 19th August from Strident Publishing. In fact, I think I'm away now to read it again myself!
Take time this holiday season to rejoice, relax and reflect. Focus your energies on the positives in life going into the New Year. Focus on finishing this year on the positive and starting the New Year off on a positive note. Be grateful for what you have and what you may receive. Take time to reconcile with someone you feel may be holding you back.
All we ask is that your entry is a new one which hasn't been published to your blog prior to the start date of the challenge. We would appreciate a link back to this challenge in your blog post too.
Murphy, on the other hand, has regularly gone on national television and cultivated not knowledge but its opposite, over and over again offering factually inaccurate statements.
[IMDB link] [Netflix link] If anyone watched the 2007 film Bee Movie… This is where it *seems* they stole their ideas from. (In reality, they probably didn’t steal anything — there’s only so many ideas, and everything has been done.)
I'm praying for my friend and her family and my father in law. For health and healing.
she thinks it’s a bore./
“Is the master in?” Addison bit her lip nervously, one of her fingers poised at the corner of it as she tried not to bite her finger.
4. changing positions
Start colouring, and this is why it's handy to have a graphics tablet, you can you a mouse, it's just easier with something that resembles a pen.
And that thought KILLED me!
Ensure that your prospects know their company is appreciated. Give them special deals, discounts dependant on hallmark goals or simply a simple many thanks note. They want to know you value their business or they will often go to someone who can go that extra step.
Henry Morris IV, Director of Donor Relations, has a new money making scheme: if you give him money, he’ll send a loved one a card:
networking and educational opportunities to “rising stars” in fashion
He expresses frustration and even some anger at the church and its failings. Yet he refuses to give up his faith and give up on the church.
in every tree. Once
- Heightened sense of smell. Have you got a dog? It’ll need a bath. Have you got a rug? It’ll need thrown out. Does your partner smoke? You’ll need a new one (just kidding). This works hand in hand with the IdontwanttomovetoofastasIfeellikeImaybesickbutinrealityIwillprobablyjustwretchalittleallday sickness. All of those smells that you may have once quite liked will be more potent than you could ever imagine and more than likely make you feel sick.
I enter the trees and force my way into the woodland.
While Leila ends up safely returned to her grandparents, not everything ends well. Detective Szymanski (not sure if that’s the correct spelling – but it’s actor Mike McGlone, whom you certainly know from the GEICO ads) gets shot in the chest, prompting Carter to cut ties with Reese and Finch and their reckless methods.
And people gave him his “room” too, because that’s
Scott McCormick: The book is based on a cat I used to have named Mr Pants. He was a very precocious animal who used to have all sorts of adventures in my old neighborhood in Philadelphia. He seemed like an obvious inspiration for a children's book; however, when I tried to write one based on his real-life adventures, he suddenly didn't seem very interesting. After all, in kid's books, animals do all sorts of wild and crazy things. Snoopy gets into dogfights with the Red Baron... Mr Pants once got on a Septa bus. Not very interesting. So I shelved it.
4) Meditate on Philippians 4:19
Time for some Feng Shui.
A selection of the above would create so much economic mayhem, the EU would disappear up itself within weeks. Yet in all honesty, I think there is barely a eurocrat or banker in the world that has given this likely eventuality a moment’s thought. In the West, we have become sanitised over three generations to the idea of massive socio-political upheaval. The mistaken conclusion shared by most dealers and traders – that the past is any guide to the future – applies just as much in the cultural sphere.
If you’re not a friend, you’re an enemy. It’s a fact that I’ve struggled with for years and was only reinforced by attending school.
You wait to be lowered in into a stone crypt
Let's try that again. I don't suck. But I'm ridiculously human. And accepting me for Who I Am is a process rather than a switch I can flip.
Dark is the night of fear, still of all sound.
Broccoli)
Art supported me today. he got up early to pick me up. he was involved the entire day i was playing. giving me tips, correcting my moves.
There is nothing wrong with all of the above and I agree with them all. However, the documentary needs to examine critically at the practical implication of the irrationals. From memory, there is only one instance of this, where in the case of communicating with the dead Dawkins is concerned with the mental states of those who have lost their loving ones. I would have liked to see Dawkins apply his usual scholarly excoriation to expose and bulldoze his way through all forms of irrationality, as well as mentioning some stories too. Astrology is not merely harmless as one might think, people do act based on the readings, and I think the quackery of communicating with the dead equates to a form of emotional abuse with these so-called mediums praying upon the fragile and needy mental states of people.
While we can’t put our hands on data telling a similar story for B2C ventures, our personal experience is similar: most sites attempt to corral the all visitors in the same manner… usually through the home page. The reality is this: whether B2B or B2C, the more you segment your audience into unique, discrete cohorts, tailor the value proposition to meet those specific needs, and UNIQUELY DELIVER when they hit a custom-designed/messaged landing page (just for them), the higher your likelihood to convert them. If you are new to this game, the Hubspot piece does a nice job defining the basics:
The readings will be followed by the Arthur Ellis shortlist announcements, for works that were published in 2011. The Arthurs are the annual awards given by the CWC for excellence in Canadian crime and mystery writing (best novel, best first novel, best short story, etc.).
Colonist: "The word ' colonist ' has been used to describe all white colonials, but I have found it necessary to make some distinction between the (two varieties of Afrikaans-)Dutch speakers in South Africa, as well as English speakers.
You can be sure that when he took his family back there, the folks were mystified and amazed that anybody could do this. They thought the horses and bison were real. What the artist himself saw was different: he saw the lines he himself had made and at the same time he saw the evocation of the animals in these lines. He was at the threshold of modern consciousness, which is a self-consciousness.
Here are some bones from yesterday’s press conference call with Jurgen Klinsmann.
High Sold: 29
It terrifies me to think of the trouble they could get into and how easily their lives could be changed by poor choices. So what do we do? We pray!! We pray that God would make them like Daniel- that they would choose to honor God if given the choice…that they would always choose to honor God.
Right now, I’m trying to change this attitude because it causes unnecessary stress. I’m trying to convince myself that it’s ok to get these scores and you shouldn’t compare yourself to anyone. You should just try harder and improve the next time. And if you did yet you still didn’t get a better grade well it’s fine as long as you like what you’re doing…. It’s all about the climb as they say.
from dawn to dusk till nightfall repeatedly
In addition to the complaint, a Facebook page has been created called “Boycott Hands On Originals.” Already, the effort has over 1,200 supporters. Additionally, the Fayette County Public School District has placed a temporary hold on all orders from the t-shirt company, with the city’s mayor, Jim Gray, saying, ”People don’t have patience for this sort of attitude today.”
The Groovy Mums blog hop post usually appears here on Tuesday and with the linky remaining open until the following Monday.
BLOODLINES covers some heavy ground by showing how life lessons, character development and unpaid debts are just a few struggles to overcome. The bond between the four main players, Sydney, Eddie, Adrian and Jill is forming and I can’t wait to see where their journey will lead. VAMPIRE ACADEMY fans will love this series.
Many critics have pointed to the ambiguity of the figure of the governess in Victorian fiction, caught between upstairs and downstairs, and John said he thought that this was pretty central to the ambiguities of this novel, and pushed here to a particular limit. With what seemed to him something of a plot manipulation (the governess not allowed to contact her employer), James forces her into extreme isolation, a situation in which she has no employer to talk to but cannot talk freely to the servants, not even the housekeeper Mrs Grose of whom she longs to make a friend but from whom she must keep a certain professional distance, resulting in a deeply ambiguous relationship. (We hear in passing that she is also isolated from her family by the fact that they are suffering their own troubles, to which she will not add in correspondence.) John pointed out that James often names his characters symbolically (Miss Jessell, was, it seems, a Jezebel, as someone else in the group pointed out; one meaning of the name Miles is 'uncertainty') and John wondered about the apparent negative connotations of the name Mrs Grose, as well as its possible meaning of 'big'. Could it be that the housekeeper is a more significant element in this story than many interpretations have allowed for? It seemed to John that the housekeeper who appears so homely and dependable in the (unreliable) governess's eyes would in reality resent her arrival in the household, having previously been left to run it herself, and having been very close to the little girl Flora who must now remove her affections to the governess. It is interesting that at the end, when Flora turns against the governess and becomes frightened of her, Mrs Grose 'reclaims' her, even to sleep in her room, and then flees with her, albeit it with the governess's 'blessing'. Mrs Grose might well, in terms of social and psychological reality, want the governess out of the way. Could it be that the whole 'haunting' is a setup engineered by Mrs Grose to achieve that very thing?
Greenwich waterfront is doing just fine, with the only waterfront land lingering being the ridiculously over-priced. Here’s Russ Pruner, saying just that.
Bulldoze the city and walk away from Flint as a lost cause?
This is why I wanted to write about my experiences. My first blog post after the April accident was called ‘Normal service to be resumed shortly‘, because I assumed that was true. Yet here we are, nearly at Christmas, and my ‘normal service’ inches closer every month, but is still out of reach. It’s important to say that, thanks to wearing a helmet, I am still here and I do not have serious brain damage. In essence our family life has gone on as happily and fully as ever this year, so I am extremely fortunate, and I don’t want to suggest that my injury is something bigger than it was. However, the general ignorance (which I shared) surrounding concussion and its after-effects is such that most of us probably don’t think it is anything much at all, and sufferers can thus find themselves battling feelings of isolation and confusion in addition to the effects of the injury.
Anyway, moving on… after all that has been discussed in “Metrosexuality, The Modern Masculinty”, I still have my own opinion on what a metrosexual really is. I mean, based on the full meaning of the word -a man with similar attributes to a homosexual, like going shopping, getting pedicure, manicure, etc- I think people just give the term to any man that wants to look decent. That brings to my attention the question of whether we have lower our standards when it comes to the appearance of a person and whats appropriate. I remember I once when to a wedding ceremony and there where people in jeans and shorts just because it was the ceremony and not the reception. I can’t help but think that these people are the same ones that label a man in a suite as a metrosexual. Or even more (not to be so exaggerating) a man who simply likes to groom himself and look good without going to the extreme of actually wearing make-up and other woman-like products.
"By eliminating multiple series, your inventory is always current... With every card available at once, kids will get less duplicate cards. Therefore, they have a better incentive to collect a complete set. So you know they will keep buying all season long!"
In New York
Eggs: Start the day off right with seven grams of protein! Having an egg in the morning will keep your body busy because digesting eggs burns more calories than a carb-infested breakfast.
“ People can be so stupid, but I wanted to blend with everyone as quickly as I could,” he said.
I am proud of never resenting changing a diaper; I didn't enjoy it, really, but I didn't resent it.
on the pane
I chose rum and the two of us have been friendly ever since.
Thank you for all of the sweet comments shared on Twitter and Typepad about the makeover. I'm taking the rest of the night off to relax and spend some quality time with a husband who hasn't seen much of me in the last few days! He's been so great to keep the kids occupied, keep the house running, and keep food in the fridge while I knocked this monster out. I think he's earned at least one long afternoon to ride off into the sunset with his scooter friends.
On that same shopping adventure, I discovered something REALLY important that might come in handy over the next week as we navigate the shopping frenzy of the week before Christmas. The BEST time to go to the mall is at 2:50 pm when all the shoppers turn into pumpkins – oops, wrong holiday – I mean parents as they rush out to pick up their kids from school. Pulling in at 2:06, there was not a spot to be had ANYWHERE in the lot. I circled the rows of cars near the mall entrance where I knew the kiosk I had to visit was (so I could go in for the kill and make a quick exit) but there were no empty spots. Widening my range with each pass, I followed present-laden shoppers walking (most wandering lost) through the parking lot, looking for their cars. Inevitably, every one suddenly switched direction, cutting through to the next row (something you can’t do in a car) as they spotted their vehicle… The lucky car circling for the 19th time in that row wins the prize, drats! I finally lucked out with a distant spot being vacated by a cabbie who failed to draw the attention of other hopeful parkers because he backed in to his spot, so he packed his trunk with shopping bags inconspicuously and, as luck would have it, conveniently started ‘er up just as I made my approach. I was in and out of the mall with my Christmas cache by 2:50 pm and, behold, the lot was EMPTY! There were tons of spots right up front! If I had known, I might have had Sarge pick up the Old Soul and stayed to do more shopping (hah, as if)! Then again, the long walk did me good considering those first 10 pounds I’m still trying to lose.
So we really hope you'll play!
March 8: 1.51 miles; 20 minutes 30 seconds
One more thing, because the Chapel is a functioning one, it remains a holy place and so the guards periodically let out a mighty ‘Shhhhhh’ in unison. It would resonate and was quite powerful. Though it worked for a time, it was like putting a lid on a boiling pot. The pressure would eventually build and the lid/talking would eventually rise again. But I loved that they did not give up.
Here all around you
When someone is speaking - a grown-up let's say-
Romans 13:8-Let no debt remain outstanding, except the continuing debt to love one another, for whoever loves others has fulfilled the law.
For all I know, Vincent could be sending me love notes from heaven. I'll try to keep my eyes peeled and heart open.
more rum for me. And this:
Homegrown talent from the area is pretty thin on the ground. In the late '70s it was cover band hell, and although the OC hardcore sound and look took hold amongst the surf grommets in the early '80s, any punk bands that did form unfortunately never released anything, at least until Asylum in the mid '80s. There are only four (and a half) records from the Gold Coast from the era we cover, and only two we'd consider documenting. Apologies to the Ballistics, Sigh Of Relief and Squadron Leader. This 'un sees a band straddling Joy Division's transition into New Order. The vocals and guitar echoing the former, with the latter being represented by the strong rhythm section and the synth. "Hey, press that button that makes a sound like steam escaping again". We take the piss, but note that this one has survived the cull pile here on several occasions over the last few decades. Something keeps drawing us back. Needless to say it's not the further transition into new romantic horse shit evident on YouTube.
I did the research because I was interested in the effect that today’s strongly-gendered parenting might have on the adults who live in the color-coded worlds of their children. Also, I was looking for a simple way to test whether, or to what extent, color preferences were variable in adulthood (rather than genetic), and the gender of children seemed like a good, mostly-random experiment to test that.
Dads are special people. And don’t forget—Father’s Day is June 17th! Give him the gift of a memory with our Daddy & Me portrait session. It’s the perfect way to commemorate the father-child bond. With a variety of set options, this session can be customized to complement the ages and personality of your little ones. As your children grow, these portraits will become treasured keepsakes that they will share with their own children.
Am I thankful to see my son already searching the scriptures to lead others to truth? Yes!
I love salmon. It is versatile, healthy and easy to make. Salmon lends itself to so many versatile flavor profiles. This evening I added a bit of terriyaki and fresh pineapple and had a refreshing, light, yet satisfying meal. It didn't make me laugh, but it did make me smile and that's a start... right?
It's going to be a year of peace for me, I need it to be.
Sunday morning I awoke to the sounds of kids being bathed, and then as I was fixing breakfast he vacuumed the whole house without being asked. I was like woah, 2012, what did you do with 2011 Hubby because I LIKE IT!?!?!?!
The MACC has listed numerous further concessions associated with Michael Chia as a result of its investigations (below), so why has the Chief Minister denied any dealings with Chia whatsoever? As Chairman of the Board of Trustees at Yayasan Sabah, he exerts ultimate approval over all timber licences, including those given to Chia.
On March 23, 1989 in Salt Lake City, the University of Utah held a press conference to announce the discovery of cold fusion, but the story had already been leaked to the world's most influential financial dailies, the Wall Street Journal and the Financial Times. Both papers continued to print unfailingly optimistic reports for weeks. Among those lured into the swamp was Randell Mills, a 1986 graduate of Harvard Medical School. Two years later Mills held a press conference of his own to announce that it wasn't fusion. It was better! Hydrogen atoms can shrink into "hydrinos," releasing energy. With the 17th anniversary of cold fusion approaching, both papers are now running credulous stories about Mills and his company, BlackLight Power. BLP, which has never produced anything, is rumored to be preparing an IPO.
Woodford held several political posts such as lieutenant governor, assistant US attorney and ambassador to Spain under President McKinley. The article neglects to mention that he was also a congressman representing Brooklyn , 1872-74, a detail found in the Park Slope Neighborhood History Guide released by the Brooklyn Historical Society this past summer.
We take care of our own
Drag: Thanks Ann. I''m here with a man dressed all in yellow, who actually looks like a banana. This man just single handedly foiled a bank hold up and turned the robbers over to police. What is your name, sir?
And then they came for the Catholics, And I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Catholic.
Thanks to Colin Syndercombe for the Cape Town fotos; all others by Will Van Dorp.
And that’s because this is a jokey and campy update of the serious Gothic material presented there. The themes, tropes and situations of the much-cherished series have been spun to support an entirely Burton-esque fish-out-of-water comedy, but one lacking the heart and emotionality of Big Fish (2002) or Edward Scissorhands (1992). Barnabas -- the great Byronic vampire who came before Anne Rice’s Lestat, Forever Knight’s Nick Knight, Joss Whedon’s Angel and Stephanie Meyers’ Edward Cullen – is now a confused misfit tilting at lava lamps and other fads of the 1970s.
Green Food Coloring (1 drop blue/1 drop yellow)
I believe that there is something for everyone, but certain factors can't help but influence peoples' buying habits in general. Constant talk in the media of purse strings naturally makes us more aware and more protective of them. But people still want to be creative, to enhance their surroundings, acquire something unique and irreplaceable, and what I have noticed recently is perhaps the more unique the better.
wiseness
So, after several dress fittings (I ended up with that ghastly frill around my arms when it was decided, without my knowledge, that the dress would be a little too risque without something on my arms), I paraded down a raised platform at the Jackson Country Club on my father's arm on the Friday after Thanksgiving, 1986, and then was forced to attend several Deb parties over the Christmas holidays that were redeemed only by the vast amount of alcohol that was offered at each one.
I post this picture simply for posterity, it's also somewhat cathartic. I am not a 'ticker' and am quite aware of the nonsense of lording it up and showing off about nicely flavoured liquids. But there's something to be said for having more booze than you can nail in one session in your house.
I'm not quite ready for this night to end.
Adorable, aren't they? I likely feel very positive about them because I haven't yet worked on the garden.
The biggest surprise of the night was when I wandered over to the English Bar and had a taste of Theakston’s Best Bitter from the wooden cask. You could really taste the oak of the cask, which permeates the poor little 3.5% beer giving it all sorts of whisky-like flavours. I’m not having a laugh here; Theakston’s may be unfashionable among beer nerds but they should give this one a go – several Theakston beers are available from the wood (I haven’t yet tested the other casks for oakiness).
And the painted ponies go up and down
I have a mastiff-labrador cross named Belle. The name is reflexive as she is named after the Scottish band Belle and Sebastian. Belle and Sebastian named themselves after the early 1980s cartoon about the adventures of a little boy, Sebastian and his big dog, Belle.
finally I told my husband something wasnt right and we needed to go to the hospital
"i only need one." i say.
Assignments:
Cast not your foul notions upon me!
When you figure out which one it is,
My room was on the nice side of the sort of thing I’m used to but then I rarely travel in style. It was in possession of both a television and a kettle so I decided to make a cup of the available green tea and see what Chinese people watch for entertainment. I was only mildly surprised to be greeted by a tightrope walking dog on the very first channel; the programme seemed to bridge a gap between Crufts and Ninja Warrior that I had hitherto thought unbridgeable. After such glorious beginnings the rest of the exhausting number of channels delivered nothing but cold anti-climax in a language I didn’t speak.
The layers of undergarments worn in the 18th century created a protective barrier between one's body and the world. The panier in this sculpture spans nearly four feet at the base making it awkward to move as I found out when I tried on the outfit. As well, I gained an appreciation for why 18th century women needed help to dress! (I photographed myself wearing my creations and showed these self-portraits to Christopher who thought them worthy of being blown up life-size a la Cindy Sherman. That's my next project! In the meantime, here is a documentation photo of the dress.)
...and that's where we are today.
'Tomorrow neveres madam, you told me so, I present inform the penalize spellings of the language, virtuous now!' said the zealous graduate!
or Paypal at flairmwr@yahoo.com
And we all know what a mother is like when her children are hurt wether they know they've been hurt or not.
26) IGOR’S LAMENT – Tony & the Monstrosities
The Kite
“Why should I appear? I am not a witness! If I appear, who will pay for my expenses? I don’t want to use my money and the government’s money,” Ahmad was reported as saying by Sin Chew Daily on Saturday. He had previously said he would attend.
Well, when you can't beat 'em, get a Ripken card of your own right? Once again, Ripken is able to slay a formidable opponent (this time a beat up Vlad card). 4-3 Pinnacle goes back ahead in a rather surprising turn of events!
Chasing the Skip - Janci Patterson
However, later in the day I went to Detroit to go to the North American International Auto Show, and in order to get to the People Mover, I had to walk through the Greektown casino (I didn't gamble). And guess what? I got carded. So I guess in the end, yesterday was a wash, age wise.
OK, I should totally be working on the edits for my book, but I have about as much concentration as a puppy with ADD that just sucked down a butt load of pixie sticks right now (I like to create an image for my readers...you're welcome:), so I decided to blog instead. Especially because something popped into my head that I had all but forgotten...or maybe I tried to surpress.
The best thing about cycling in France in undoubtedly the patisseries found in each village, where I consume various gastronomic delights each day. Every time I ride into a new town at lunchtime I seek out the nearest shop and watch where all the locals buy their bread. I still cannot work out what exactly the French do with their baguettes; everyone seems to visit the patisserie twice a day and leave with hands full of bread. I guess I have a certain lack of creativity… at the moment my baguette meals involve dipping the bread into a vegemite jar – yum! It was while having such a meal outside the Somme Museum in Albert that Garry and Dianne took pity on me and kindly bought me lunch. I needed the energy too after going off road along La Somme on a dirt track later in the day.
trying to be better,
Children are privately coached in India before kindergarten admissions. Hagwons or private, after hours ‘cram schools’ have become the focus of government ire in South Korea, with President Lee Myung-bak declaring “one-size-fits-all government-led uniform curriculums and an education system that is locked only onto the college-entrance examination are not acceptable.”
Eric Holder relied on wildly inaccurate and biased news reports, and then went out and made several wildly inaccurate and biased statements to the press.
OK so it's a dining room table but the dining room is full of my crafty stuff so to me it qualifies as a craft room. Gone are the days of tidying up my craft stuff after a session - so that I can go to bed - now now Mrs Sugar no smutty remarks thank you!!!
5, 1. A translation is found in Deussen’s Sechzig Upanishads des Veda,
those who have made a covenant with me
Level 4: MP Cost: 24, Damage: 304%, Attacks up to 6 enemies.
Stickles: Star Dust
However, if I’m being honest with myself, I’d much rather be with the Hawaiians on this and ‘hang loose’ – or to quote my sister, the infinitely wise starlet and ‘calm the f**k down.’ Therefore, when things of a tough, challenging nature come up, whether that’s a fight with said starlet, a stressful moment in work, or the frustration I feel at a horrendous news story, then I’m going to be handing it over. Be warned this isn’t a quick fix to a situation and I reckon it’s a lifelong practice, but it is so worth it!
And it was so.
Thanx and take care,
Of course, most record label agreements would state that the works at issue are works for hire. The golden nugget lies in the fact that saying something doesn’t make it so. (A common theme in copyright lately.) The Guide gives a great analysis of the work for hire doctrine, complete with Congressional drama and RIAA trickery. Check it out.
How crazy is it that it's already May? It scares me how fast time passes, especially this Spring semester. Nonetheless, there are many things I'm looking forward to this summer. I can't wait to share them with you.
Comment on my posts (just once each) U-X (Tuesday through Friday) – one point
It would be overstated to suggest that the Volt is a "loss leader" in the traditional sense, or that the Plymouth convertible was a "bait and switch" tactic. Still, there are tantalizing points of similarity. In the auto industry as well,the interrelationship among the mark, the brand and the product are at once both more and less than that which meets the eye.
Me: We can't keep driving up and down the streets of random neighborhoods. If we do, someone is going to call the police and you know I don't look good in orange.
Lord Bingham said, in brief that; the offence is complete when the message is sent (no proof of receipt required) [at para.8] – but, more critical that the intention was to “prohibit the use of a service provided and funded by the public for the benefit of the public for the transmission of communications which contravene the basic standards of our society.”
This morning while I was at the grocery store picking up some laundry detergent and 2% milk for the kids, I grabbed myself a carton of skim milk.
7. You can volunteer anywhere you want. No supervisor is going to harangue you because you’re doing it for free in the first place.
Another hour goes by. The sun begins to set. Your muscles are aching to be able to drop the rock. But you refuse to give in. You’re committed to holding up your part of what you promised. Besides, your friend said he’d make it up to you. You aren’t sure what that means, but it must be something good. Thirty minutes later a car pulls up in the driveway. Someone you don’t know is driving. This person walks over and informs you that your friend has been delayed. “Would you mind holding the rock for just a little while longer?” he asks.
Infuriatingly, most of the entries aren’t dated – although the overall header relates mainly to 2003-4. But there can be no doubt that this is a hacked mobile phone message from Royals staying at their favourite Kenyan getaway between 1998 and 2001 – most likely to Princes William or Harry – between ten and thirteen years ago.
Coffey and crew create a swampy sound to complement Williams’ vocals. This musical backdrop is a perfect fit for this collection of songs.
- soft yellow paper straws
The Rt is Faux Metal BG and a collaged image with highlights in a Sakura Gelly Roll pen. I added some gold around the edge using Gold embossing powder.
She climbed up on bed, and traced her fingers along my neck and over my breasts. She gave it a slight squeeze and I inhaled softly. Her warmth, her kiss, her touch. It was perfect. ”I love you,” she whispered into my ear and licked it with her tongue. The wet, slippery sound sent shivers down my spine. Her hand reached down and I felt her warmth as she rubbed my cold, wet skin making me release another flow of wetness. The pleasure it gave me was immense.
Suddenly you realize murder is at your elbow! - and there's no way out!
the glory of God its end. It should fill
all Lurk and Loom and Lust,
That by itself is not enough to ground a plane, because the fuel can be measured manually. But this led to several problems.
The interior is chockablock with storage nooks and cubbies, plus no less than four beverage holders. It has supportive seats, and while visibility to the front and sides is good, like pretty much all new cars visibility to the rear is poor. Well, by 2014 there will be a rear-view camera.
Russ: “There are things that spring naturally to the tongue, such as ‘great’ becoming ‘girt’. Also when I was growing up in Pennsylvania the auxiliary verb was often thrown over the side, so you’d say ‘I done this’ or ‘I gone there’.”
My goal is to finish the race injury free........hoping I can look good in the process as well.
I want this additional section in my brain. Where do I get one? Can you buy iBrain attachments? I wouldn't mind an extra memory card for my brain either. It would be so convenient for multitasking and I'd get so much more done in my too-short 24 hour day.
I'm much too tired to watch TV
Helena had her revenge, she didn’t want to play nice
I use oils for calming, oils for headaches, oils and scents for healing. Oils for Energy….and you know what, as my children become more in tune with them selves, they ask for them. My two year old can go pick up a vial with Germanium, Lavender, and clove and know, this one makes her ear aches go away….and the tea tree heals her rashes….I am just saying, don’t knock something until you have tried it…
My Review: About a decade ago, The Sword of Truth novels were top sellers at the college bookstore where I worked. So, when I found a special edition of Wizard's First Rule, the first book in the series, I purchased it, shelved it, and promptly forgot I owned it. Then, a few years ago, ABC produced a TV show called Legend of the Seeker that was based on The Sword of Truth series. Now, normally I’m one of those people who likes to read the books before watching the television version, but in this instance I made an exception. You see, the male lead, Richard Cypher, was hot. Go ahead. Google him if you don't believe me.
And while the almost constant stream of protest marches can be a tad annoying, you have to admire the average French person's fervent belief that taking to the streets is an effective way to have their voice heard. You may not like the fact that your Vespa ride across the city is interrupted by yet another bunch of chanting refuseniks, but you respect the attachment to and belief in democracy that spurs them on.
Luke 1:38
But as far as we know, "PIC Sports Line" is not a daily show, and airs only on Mondays (a fact confirmed by the promo, which told listeners to tune in for the show on Monday nights).
3 Tbls. chopped fresh coriander.
While on the Internet, your copyrights and trademarks are still protected, they are especially vulnerable. It is important, that as you develop a web strategy and presence, you speak with an attorney who has expertise in this field. A few short meetings now could save money and heartache in the end when someone tries to trade on your company’s good name or steal its intellectual property.
The messed up part... it was not even the last two pieces of bread!
An icon of the labor movement, Mother Jones: Raising Cain and Consciousness, is the subject of a biography by Simon Cordery ($21.95, University of New Mexico Press, softcover). Mary Harris was born into a family of Irish radicals in 1837. Like thousands of others, the Irish potato famine forced them to immigrate to Canada. She married George Jones and settled with him Memphis, only to lose him and their four children to a yellow fever epidemic in 1867. She then lost her dressmaking business to the great Chicago fire in 1871. She found a home in the emerging labor movement after that, crisscrossing the nation to be an organizer. By all accounts she was a force to be reckoned with and in time she gained a national reputation in mines, factories, and workshops across the nation. There’s even a magazine named after her these days. If you have heard of her but never knew how she gained her reputation, this book will prove of interest as part of America’s history.
I've decided to start answering all of his questions with the same question in response. "Well, what do you think you should do?" And then critiquing his responses. Throw that passive/aggressive bullsnap right back in his face and make him decide for himself.
Australian money, however, holds value. Although I still have no idea how a small piece of plastic can be worth $100, at least our gold reserves match with the physical money printed.
Grace Cheval & Dylan Moore
So, I have this idea for a short story. It's basically a father discovering that his son has started playing a new and involved game. In an effort to be a better parent, he decides to start playing himself... and becomes the first adult to discover that some of the more wildly fanciful elements that his son has told him about (talking game-pieces, otherworldly battles, etc.) are true.
They both turned off their headlights when I got to the end of the first field. The moon gave me just enough light to see the remaining corn stalks I had to jump.
By making such comments Naik is clearly guilty of shirk, or the sin of associating partners with Allah, for ascribing some of Allah’s names and attributes to true prophets like Moses and also to the false prophet Muhammad, thereby elevating them to the level of divinity.
Buller won't get out of the van. He has been clinging to his Colorado river rock on the dashboard of our van since we returned. Seems he misses Denmark, and he misses you Sabin. Buller wants to come home. Although it is a strange time for a robin to fly North (most are gone for the winter now) we are wondering if Early is ready to fly the coop too?
The Nightmare Man. Series 4, episode 1.
Reader, let me talk to you about this subject. Believe me it is one of the deepest importance. This is no mere question of controversy. This is not one of those points on which men may agree to differ, and feel that differences will not shut them out of heaven. A man must be right on this subject, or he is lost forever. Heaven or hell, happiness or misery, life or death, blessing or cursing in the last day,—all hinges on the answer to this question, “What do you think about the cross of Christ?”
2. …
First, a few disclaimers: I'm not an accountant. I'm not a publican. I'm not a cellar technician. I'm not a lawyer. There's a whole heap of things that I'm not.
Now where to start?
Hehehe, I'm blogging early because I'm gonna take my nap now. My nap can be very longggg. Maybe till morning? Heehehe, who knowwwssss.. Byeee!
- She talks all the time! She is putting together sentences and saying new words every day. She loves animals and making all the animal sounds.
There are a few Beastie classics that get heavy airplay during the roughly 8 hours I spend in my car during the week (notably the palliative Namasté ). But Paul’s Boutique is an album I hadn’t listened to in years. I’m glad I got to take a trip down memory lane and revisit this timeless classic.
PS. In order to level-out the karma, I have been asked to tell you that on the 11th June, from 1.30 to 4pm, Drolma Buddhist Centre is hosting an open day in Dogsthorpe, Peterborough.
Several attempts at locating my phone and one full-on search and rescue mission later, my phone was found between the couch cushions, which coincidentally seems to be its favorite place to hide. With all of the running around I’ve been doing lately, spending 20 minutes looking for my phone before I can get my kiddos to baseball practice or an afterschool event is not an option.
Schizopolis
happy happy weekend!
and I will be out in California setting up my table for the Halloween and Vine show on Saturday, Sept. 24th. Just the thought of this is making me a bit nervous for a couple of reasons.
1360 **D-XI/5/2000. “Tocqueville on the Roads to Equality: Is It the Same No Matter How You Get There?” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Alpine Valley Lodge, East Troy, Wisconsin. (Incorporated in Item C-2003(1), above, pp. 532-45.)
Promise lived the life of Riley here on the farm, she was an Alpha mare who got along with everyone. She loved "cookies" ( horse treats, esp the peppermint ones) All I had to do was call for her saying Promise, want a cookie? and she could be at the end of our 6 acres and she would come a runnin... it was so delightful to watch her get her "groove on" and do that beautiful floaty trot Arabians in all their glory are so good at doing. Her tail flung over her back, hocks and knees pistoning, neck proudly arched... majestic to watch.... spellbinding. Promise had her own winter blanket, and the past couple of years has loved when I headed outside with her blanket to cover her for the winter. I remember one night coming home to do chores and Promise was standing so still, I couldn't figure out why until I got near her, since it was dark I couldn't see that she had her back legs wrapped in wire, she could have panicked but she didn't, she waited for me to quietly untangle her legs from that mess of wire.
Out: 1st January 2011, UK
I can move move move any mountain
08-03 Montreal, Quebec – Osheaga Festival
I believe I have amply established that if you look at the left, you look at the heart of evil and the bottom “whale-crap” level of depravity as set forth by the Word of God in Romans chapter one.
Memory:1 GB RAM
See, he told me I needed an MRI and a spinal tap, and probably a medication that would reduce the optic nerve swelling while I lose the weight. I scheduled the MRI, but when I filled out the paperwork, I saw that they won't bill for deductible/co-pay. I called to verify. They wanted $658 at the time of my appointment. Sorry, please cancel my appointment, I can't do that. The fantastic person on the other end hung up on me. BEYOND ignorant and rude. I won't be going there for anything. (I'm bitter, can you tell?)
I hope that's wetted you appetite. They really are beautiful stamps to play with and very versatile as you can see. There are a lot of separate images that build up into any scenes your imagination can create. I've just coloured some with promarkers and of course the messy distress inks had an outing too.
I won’t be sitting on my couch, watching tv-aside from late night episodes of Sex and the City and The Nanny (brilliant shows.) And I will be eating three times the amount of fruit I am eating now. Those are my…promises of sorts to myself, and to whoever is reading this now. Those aren’t even the big changes, the big change is yet to come but-it will come-and when it does, I’ll let you all know exactly what it is, narration and pictures and all.
A-aye-aye .......
Isn't this just another boring article illustrating the left's enduring fetish about Nazis? The Nazi Party and its acolytes were utterly destroyed over 65 years ago and its leading lights were killed or imprisoned. Either way Nazism was totally discredited as a creed while the architects of the left's monstrous (and in many ways greater) crimes suffered no such fate. Yet in the best traditions of Joseph Mccarthy, the UK left would have you believe that there are closet Nazis everywhere....in, under and on the bed. It's utter self-serving b******s which enables them to shift attention from the crimes committed by the left.
Alexandra Gibson, Martha McLorinan (alto)
Taking responsibility and making personal adjustment would be ridiculous, right? These “surprised” investment gamblers are like pregnant women who act mystified when “suddenly” their water breaks. “Who knew? I was confident that this company was doing fine, and then they filed bankruptcy. Who is to BLAME for this shocking development… which, by the way, was obviously unpredictable (and which I may have been explicitly warned about for several years now)?”
I decided to check out the shoot on the day and was basically just a general assistant. I don’t know how she did it, but Jade managed to find the most perfect clothes and accessories for her ”Mermaid Out of Water” concept. Mostly all from second-hand stores! (Yes, we love that). My particular favourites were the shimmering gold skirt, the perlemoen shell bra, and the big blue goggles. The model, Nicky Fraser, was also unbelievably perfect for the mermaid role, with her wiry, curly hair and long slender physique, she was stunning!
We pass by what appears to be an enclosed training area. Through the plate-glass window, we can see a man-sized dummy. Suddenly, a blur of brown fur streaks across the room, moving so fast we can barely make it out. It bounces off the walls, does a backflip and then a brief, ever-so-fast glint of metal flashes. The head of the dummy pops off, sliced cleanly at the shoulders. And even before the ball of brown actually lands, another glint of metal and THUNK. The dismembered dummy head is speared onto the opposite wall by a giant, 8 inch combat knife. The ball of fur turns towards us. All we see are two crazy eyes and two giant teeth.
Creating an emotional tie between the product or service your company sells and your client or consumer, seems to be a mutually beneficial practice for corporations and charitable entities. Will this marketing trend towards Sustainability and Cause Marketing continue? If companies truly commit to incorporating Sustainability and/or Cause Marketing in their marketing strategies, and these efforts result in client or customer allegiance and brand preference, my opinion is that it’s likely we’ll see these marketing trends become standard practices.
Ancient societies around the world used honey as an energy food. It has evolved as a unique and powerful remedy for a wide variety of complaints.
- Stalking the mailman for John's social security number (to file taxes) and our updated approval from USCIS (so we can bring M home)
Being Jewish, Kugel finds himself in a bind. The tattoo on her arm confirms that the woman is indeed a Holocaust survivor, even if she isn’t Anne Frank. Will Kugel be the man to be identified as the Jew who threw a survivor out of his house? And what if the woman really is Anne Frank?
Does their coaching align exactly with what your core values and culture are all about??
3. Pare the potatoes and onions and dice them. Add them, plus the carrots, green peppers, cabbage, tomato puree, corn, red pepper, okra, parsley, lima beans, celery, and bourbon, to the meat and stock. Allow the stew to simmer until very thick about 6 hours.
Again, to take a flash photo, I went to a place that was a little darker (but not dark, I took this photo around noon in summer, so you can imagine, no dark places) and my pupils are bigger and you can practically only see the lens design, not my eye color again. I think the blending is amazing in this series and Green and Gray ones would look so dramatic and amazing, yet blend really great on dark eyes!!! I like how they turn up the green in my eyes and make the size bigger! Also very comfortable!
These thoughts are never over. They aren’t. It is a thought that is continuous, unfortunately, and all we can ever ask for is a change of weather.
Alright, let's end on some really great updates!
Since also I have so far gone inverse, from the gestural deep into the text. As deep as the seam will let me.
If you are in the energy or compliance fields I hope that you can attend as we explore some of the above issues and many others. Anyone signing up through my site receives a discount. To register, simply book online, call +44 (0)20 7036 1300 or email enquire@iqpc.co.uk. Please quote ‘TomFox’ when registering to claim the discount.
We wrapped up at the bandstand, a big "Hey, that's our show, we'll be going to more breweries, bars, and festivals, watch for us, I'm gonna go blog now" and a big wet kiss for craft brewing and the folks who love it. Then Mike got his laptop from the car so we could get some shots of me typing away, and...well, I promised I'd blog about it, so I'm blogging. And the show...will be on air soon. More about that shortly. Cheers!
“Look, I just got out of a long-term relationship and I kind of need to slut it up for a while.”
For the burgers (modified to give the beef a little more kick):
4. Add the flour mixture to the banana mixture and stir just until blended.
he would learn a thing or two after hearing me read it.
And while we're on the subject of comments on my blog, I realize that I forgot to choose a winner for the Technique Junkies CD #8 at the end of October. Better late than never, I just shook my iPhone for a random number and the winner is #10, Donelda.
in case you trip up
Let’s talk a bit about you Suzan. What made you want to get into the industry in the first place?
Nothing takes worse of a beating in presidential elections than do facts and figures. We know that (a) our employment levels have not recovered to their pre-recession levels and (b) job losses in this recession are far worse than in any post-war recession.
Having satisfied themselves that once again, no one in the buying public could possibly connect that commercial to any actual product, the execs at Fallon McElligott gave themselves enormous holiday bonuses and fellated each other until they felt straight enough to face their wives.
What’s that? You’re not going to a festival? You haven’t been asked?
From 1960 to 1996, Guatemala has lived in the terror of civil war. The 36-year conflict has produced: 150.000 killed, 50.000 disappeared, 1.000000 refugees, 200.000 orphans, 40.000 widows, hundreds of villages destroyed.
Me: No, she isn't.
There is this website, who offer support for people with the condition or concerned about it. It has information about the infection and the test and treatment. It dispels a LOAD of myths with facts like GBS is not a sexually transmitted disease and a mother or father can carry it rather happily without ever knowing or ever being treated for it so it is completely innocently passed on to the baby. Simply giving the mother antibiotics in labour can stop the illness from being passed to the baby being born.
Thanks for reading, I'll be back later this week!
Critic’s Score: 5.7
Is worth a lifetime
To me, a g-tube is a last resort, although I know it's not supposed to be. It's just hard, knowing that as much effort as I put forth, it's not enough. It's heartbreaking, really.
The act of buying (or building) a house, which renders the subject financially impotent for an indefinite period of time.
* The series will run through the month of May.
Survey shows 41% of secular Israelis support municipal religious leaders' call not to rent apartments to non-Jews, as do 64% and 88% of Israel's traditional and haredi Jews, respectively.
For our first grocery trip since getting back, I wasn’t tempted while walking past the meat. When I saw the bacon next to the eggs, instead of thinking yumm, I thought about the slaughterhouse worker who beat the squealing pig, cut its snout off, and rubbed salt on it because he was angry. When walking past the rotisserie chickens I thought about the hormones injected in them and the overcrowded cages they live in and how their beaks are cut off.
And she pulls of the short haircut that I wish I could!
And the sentiment is from Close To My Heart -- Card Chatter Birthday!
of you have read the book "Fifty Shades of Grey"
He’s a gentleman. He’ll open doors for you, make sure you’re seated comfortably, carry heavy things for you, and generally go out of his way to put YOUR needs before his own.
Stars: Zachary Quinto, Kevin Spacey, Paul Bettany, Jeremy Irons, Simon Baker, Demi Moore, Aasif Mandvi, Mary McDonnell, Penn Badgley, and Stanley Tucci
Because Africa as a whole has dealt with 50 years of banging its head against a brick wall. Same as in my Mum's Ireland where post-liberation Irish voted in extremism to have the Catholic Church rule the Irish state and to cut off their nose to spite their face. By refusing to do business there 500 year oppressive Colonisers, the Brits. While understandable, led to 70 YEARS OF HARDSHIP. Of Irish being forced to leave Ireland to move to Britain. Same story as Africa. And same story as to why African immigrants into South Africa vote against the new extremist ANC, who've forgotten the Freedom Charter.
Elli is a little skeptical of Shea, but he knows that they were meant to be together, and he needed her in his life. But Elli just doesn’t understand what Shea could see in her. She is overweight, loud, and not even that pretty, so why would someone so gorgeous and so amazing want to be with her? It seemed that no matter how hard she tried to shake Shea off, he wasn’t going anywhere, and for the first time Elli didn’t feel alone.
Update: Tags added.
Easter is a vision of what your church can become. Our former Sr. Pastor, Gary York, used to say, "if you can hit it, you can average it". I think that's true. If people will come to church on Easter, then you just have to figure out what might minister to that group the other 51 weeks of the year. I have prayed this morning that God would grow us into the church we saw yesterday. It is also a great way to assess possible limitations, programmatic challenges, staffing/volunteer needs/parking etc.... If God would make yesterday's service a normal Sunday what would you have to do grow into for that to happen?
I would remove half the screws from the bathroom fixtures & move the toothbrush holder to the backdoor, placing it right on the ground by Fido's bowl.
Did you see that? See what he did there? He acknowledged that I am his mom and that I am supposed to love him just like every other mom in the world.
more from my days?
The dreams we have as children
resurrect the passed on? Can a song, trumpeted,
Hey guys. THANK YOU for all the congrats on hitting the NYT Bestseller list!!!! A lot of you have been hanging out here from the beginning, and you helped my book get there. So thank you very, very much.
It's alright to slow down. In fact, it feels . . . amazing.
10 October 1997
Do you recall the media kerfuffle about Sarah Palin’s “crossshairs” and how they blamed her (and the Tea Party) for the shooting of Gabrielle Giffords (which was actually done by an extreme leftist).
Why not just send one, to let our defence forces know that we care about them.
Interesting Discovery
When my oldest was 3, I told a group of older homeschooling moms that we were going to have a CM homeschool. They laughed at me! They told me I'd soon give it up because it would be too hard, primarily because at the time there was not a curriculum available (or at least not well known) that used CM's methods. *Now* we run into a different problem--there are so many choices that it becomes confusing. What *is* a CM education?
Razor Blade Alley
But still, like dust, I'll rise.
"I would encourage all Catholics to apply critical thinking to this issue."
Yes, in 2007 the girls all wore sundresses and hats and the boys wore thrift store suits. Good times. I want to go back to the Kentucky Derby next year, it is amazingly fun. In fact, everyone should go to the Derby at least once in their lifetime.
http://www.hulu.com/tiger-and-bunny Tiger & Bunny is a new show that is being simulcast on Hulu - aka subtitled and available for streaming just hours after it airs in Japan. This show is amazing! It takes place in a future city where super heroes are part of a super popular reality TV series and earn points for the things they do, while being sponsored by major companies. The animation is stunning, the pace is fast, and I am ready to order the toys. I think fans of western comics could really appreciate this show even if they don't like anime.
I struggled, but I finished. ‘Luctor et emergo,’ goes our national motto (I struggle and emerge). I started sending the manuscript around. I was lucky to be introduced to a number of fine agents by fellow writers. Every single one of them wrote me back a personal letter, as did some agents to whom I sent it to unsolicited. Thank you to them all! But alas, no bidding war emerged.
UM... HOLY SHNAZBALLS. This beefcake of a massage therapist is the one giving me a light bulb moment cause when she said that my exact thoughts were..
I found this a pleasant enough read of the faux time-travel sort (there's no point in expecting historical accuracy), and the cat-loving girl suffering through the blahs of sixth and seventh grade would probably enjoy it a lot more.
I can’t believe I haven’t written about my El Nido trip! You see, my family spent Christmas break at El Nido, and we’re glad we did because the place is testament to how beautiful The Philippines is.
* Multiple recipes are permitted (although only one submission will be counted towards the random drawing/s).
The plum thicket back there has finally been cut and cultivated by them to afford them cover and back doors.
a hover of crows,
In the music I hear- You whisper to me…
Once the girl is labeled an Eskimo (more precisely, a native of slightly less ferocious Labrador), her strangeness dissipates and her assimilation takes on greater value.Seems like 2012 is going to be... hot? Weird? Both? ("... her assimilation takes on greater value.") Maybe I need more exciting bedside reading.
Directed by Melina Mastoukas, who directed Rude Boy, Hard, Gangster 101, as well as Beyonce‘s 50/60′s pin-up house-wife-come-feminist inspired Why Don’t You Love Me.
The bourbon boys should not switch between that and beers. Nor should anyone be permitted to ‘upsize’ outside of their shout. You can’t be buying pots for your mates and then decide “I might just have a quick Flaming Lamborghini, actually” when someone else is buying. The Shout works because you don’t even need to ask what the others want, just a quick nod and a point to indicate that you are ’up’. You may sit out of a particular round of The Shout without bringing social disrepute upon your family name – as long as you don’t sit out your shout. The other exception to The Shout guidelines is that it is perfectly reasonable and permissible to exclude any member who wants to drink Pimms, Pernod, Campari or Vodka Cruisers. Unless they are girls. They can drink poofy drinks, but not in The Shout.
Does this mean that dental x rays cause cancer? No. This study was looking at an association, not cause and effect, relationship between reported dental x rays and a certain type of non-malignant brain tumor. It merely brings up the possibility that the two could be linked and encourages caution in minimizing radiation.
Perhaps I’m a” strong independent woman” after all, or just a women trying to make sense of the world around her before she falls down the rabbit hole again.
We borrowed a house in a small town outside of Reykjavik called Vogar à Vatnsleysuströnd for five days where we recorded our album. We had one microphone and a computer and just pressed the red button. It was not professional at all but that was never the intention anyway, nevertheless we
Just.
"You sleep in the clock?"
Put the chicken in a large pot and add the stock. If the liquid doesn't quite cover the bird, top it up with water from the kettle. Bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer, partially covered. Cook gently for 40-ish minutes (I like my chicken slow-cooked and tender, but be careful: if you let it go too long it will become stringy and mealy. Yuck). Remove the chicken from the pot to a platter.
Olivia got in the shower and turned it on. The water was a bit cold but boy did it sure feel refreshing. She stood there for a couple of minutes and let the water just run over her body, the drops running off her long black hair and down her back. Oh, did it feel good.
There undoubtedly was some element of chauvinism in the works of Marx and Engels, which was inevitable in the times that they were writing. It is also true that Marx and Engels themselves concluded that they had overstated the revolutionary potential of the times. In fact, as they were later to state, in 1848, Britain was the only country where capitalism was dominant, and, as they believed that socialism was impossible without capitalism first developing and socialising the productive forces, a socialist revolution was clearly impossible in 1848.
We found our way to the pump house, where the Roman Baths are.
So, I am ready and exited to get back to class! Tomorrow I will introduce "Go Fish--Parts of Speech Edition". I think the students will love it! It is my original idea, so if you're interested, I have placed it on my "Free Printables" page.
Chock full of cupcakey goodness and ready to satisfy
Does this mean we are on a terrifying downward spiral, into an abyss of accelerating degeneracy and dysfunction, with no end in sight? No it does not. What it means is that the boundaries are being pushed to ever increasing levels of insanity, until a cosmic global reaction takes place. Portions of this are taking place at this very moment. That portion of the awakening populations are pushing back and will soon be joined by a much larger mass of their fellows, as conditions make their lives more and more unlivable and more and more dire. It is a matter of time and we are in that time frame.
So it seems that Conservatives, in comparison, just don't care. About people. Or maybe we do. After all, who says that caring about society, or people in society, means interfering with them? Is it intention that counts? or the results?
published the counter-weighted space elevator concept known today, with a midway station conveniently located at GEO, and everything held suspended by tension, rather than compression. Subsequently, amid all the excitement over rockets, most in the west remained ignorant of the concept...
there would have to be many arks,
Next to Murg was an empty seat. Hadn't Bleek been sitting there? Scrunge craned his neck but couldn't see her. This was worrying. After all, he didn't like losing track of the nasty Drangathian. He preferred to be able to keep out of her way.
In the midst of all my knitting projects (Gzilla's 2009 Christmas sweater... still about 60% done... my "Ireland Cardigan" isn't finished... and I'm making a comfort shawl for my sister out of the yarn I purchased for her baby blanket. I'm dying it first, since I don't think she wants a PEACH shawl) I am taking on another one that needs to be finished SOON.
I sit idling for a while.
1And Job made answer and said,
Next I’m going to detour off the track for a bit and begin to examine the field events.
Through this painful night
Introducing You To The Pioneers
When The Boy woke up he was REALLY hot. I never take a temperature on a kid unless it lasts more than a day, or they are so hot they can’t move. I just give them something for it. So now, I am in the house with a hot kid and a smelly dog. I REALLY am starting to wonder if having the perfect bunny is going to make up for this. I’m a mess. I can’t even decide what I want for dinner.
Also, Olivier is from Ohio but speaks in a drifty, Britishy accent. People on Twitter were ragging on him about it, but I'm as ok with fake accents as I am with died hair.
Here are just three of the many projects that caught my eye this week:
Pictures.
- Hall & Oates, The Roots, Holy Ghost! Preservation Hall Jazz Band to play at Brooklyn's GoogaMooga Festival. Carroll Gardens Patch
Today’s Question for Reflection:
GO BACK GO BACK GO BACK.
Cheaper than hair dye/going to a salon, no chemicals
just keep awaiting for your next eruption
e. A lobster costume to celebrate her heritage.
Light the color of oyster shells seeped into the small cell, the eastern light of a Vietnamese dawn hitting the slopes of the Dãy Trường Sơn. Rainer stopped, eggshell in hand, watching the little window grow brighter. The hot plate at the end of the counter hissed softly. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the pale blue gas ring capering like a small spirit under the battered aluminum tea kettle perched on the burner. Spirits. Ghosts. He struggled to recall what the natives called them. Ma? Bong ma? The words slipped away like fish in the river.
The deadline to apply is 11:59 pm PST, May 1st, 2011. Applicants will be notified by May 3rd, 2011 via email. Should the applicant need to create a project using one of our images for further consideration, we will let you know that once we receive your project samples.
Next time you are in Church or driving in the car or walking in the mall and your mind starts to wandering and people watching; Stop and think. We do believe in Jesus who was scarred by a crown of thorns and pierced for us – Jesus loves us just as much as He loves them. By His wounds, all prejudice, judgment, narrow-mindedness and intolerance are gone. His Peace was given to us through His punishment. We are all held in His arms – including the different strokes for different folks. When we call out to Him, the original “pierced” Son, heals us – all.
“Who is it?” calls one of the nuns.
Staley’s behaviour subsequently deteriorated and he exhibited psychotic, bizarre and on occasions, hostile behaviour. He also reported hallucinations, paralysis and exhibited delusional thinking. Staley was hospitalised ten times in total and diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia and anti-social personality type. During this period, Staley also suffered from depression and was placed on suicide precautions. Staley was most recently hospitalised for approximately 19 months from November 28, 2002 to June 17, 2004.
I like somebody’s dad
My icing is something that needs to be improved upon - but I basically strived to make a bone shape in each arm and leg - an anchor like piping for the ribs, and then the skull. My icing could have used a bit more sugar to thicken as it spread a bit after I piped it - but I got the hang of icing after a while. The first few were really creepy looking - but hey - they are for Halloween!
Aside from that, there’s the whole ebooks thing which will hopefully be a positive game-changer for libraries, rather than a reason to no longer have them. We’re hoping to start providing ebooks in my school next year through Overdrive, and it would be great to make some connections with other librarians, and find out what ebooks models they think will work in the long term.
“educational apartheid,”
I do not know the name of the film, but I have seen it in a collection of shorts called Wholphin. I'd watch these with my mother because we're both into odd and short. This is a part of one of those films. It doesn't start with the beginning, so I'm not sure what we've missed, but with these kind of things, you can pretty much pick up at any point and have the same level of understanding/confusion.
The tracker rolled over and pushed his dead companion away in disgust. Most of the man’s head was missing. Brains and blood had spattered everywhere. The second of the two deserters was writhing in pain a few feet away. A quick look revealed that a chunk of his skull and jaw were missing. In the tracker’s opinion, the man didn’t have long. In the mean time … he could provide a necessary diversion.
Here’s a photo of the MP 622 in everyday service on the MP: http://www.rrpicturearchives.net/showPicture.aspx?id=1174738
Notes: I've made this in the past using frozen broccoli and it was not a good result. Neither was it a good outcome when I doubled the batch. So I follow the exact measurements and it turns out great.
"Digga Digga Do" - The Asylum Street Spankers. I digga digga life. Yes I do. "You love me and I love you." Sounds about right. He's pretty goddamn amazing. But he has a tendency to get a big head, so I can't tell him that too much. Stop reading this, honey. I mean, you evil bastard.
So next time those seemingly vacant eyes roll over you, consider them. Look back with intent. Just stare at one eye, it’s impossible to look into both. And, when you see what looks like your reflection in that unflinching iris, remember that it’s not. It is what you look like in the mind’s eye of that goat. I don’t think there is reason for alarm, but I don’t think it wants to be your friend, either. It’s just a goat, putting off its tomorrows.
That's it for me today. I'm going to try and have the logistics for my next challenged worked out sometime next week. So come back and visit!
Use a pencil, dowel, or pen.
Claire has created some of the best sentiment sets...
We'll see how i do. Wish me luck with my goals.
am
In the poetry world longevity and a lasting contribution are always paramount. What we think now fades: tastes and expectations change; very often what is thought fifty, even one hundred, years henceforth (very often by critics and harvardisers, as Harry Clifton, newly appointed Irish Professor of Poetry coined it) is what fixes one writer above another; or conversely what resurrects a writer from ignominy. The view becomes more complete the further you stand away. Perhaps, in part, this may be one reason why the latest addition to the family tree of Irish modern anthologies is an edition from abroad.
And Karen sent me this beautifully carved typewriter stamp.
Scoop the chilled dough by tablespoonfuls onto prepared baking sheet. Bake for 12-13 minutes and let the cookies cool completely on the cookie sheet between batches.
Recently however I received this mailing:
Titanic’s story was told by the survivors who witnessed the tragedy first hand on a cold mid April night as they sat in the lifeboats hoping against hopes while they were forced to watch the lost of their loved ones. Every survivor who was on the lifeboat lost someone they loved. The stories conflicted from one survivor to another. Some witnesses said that the Titanic split into two before she went down while others said that it was intact as it vanished. But most of them told a familiar tale of the cries of all those dying men and women in the sea. As time passed by, the cries became faint and finally there was no sound left but complete silence.
Garnish with cheese and I used almond slivers for my portion and the roasted squash seeds for husband's plate. (The roasted squash seeds though nice to eat on their own, did not go well with the risotto). The reason for all the fuss is because we do not like pine nuts too much.
09 Do You Really Want To Hurt Me?
- The dogs scared the hell out of me when I was younger. In fact, that may be a deep psychological reason why I didn't like dogs then. Makes you think...
Warning of diplomatic consequences, Pakistan’s Foreign Ministry strongly condemned the attacks, the first since Parliament’s unanimous vote this month approving new guidelines for the country’s relationship with the United States. Some politicians said the drone strikes might set back already difficult negotiations over the reopening of vital NATO supply routes to Afghanistan that Pakistan blocked five months ago.
They make me laugh. Especially Trevin this morning.
Me: OMG we have been married FOREVER and we haven’t even taken it out of the boxes. It is STILL in your parents’ garage from when it was delivered!
Not that. But it is something I'm trying to feel satisfied about, something I want to let be an ending in the best narrative sense of the world. This blog was an important part of a narrative for me. It was the first blog I ever paid real serious attention to. It informed so very many of my opinions while I was a grad student. On things like this and this and this, just to name a few. It was through this blog that I met my first ever internet people in real life. And hey, remember when we did this? Ah, the times.
Something that I’ve toyed at while editing photographs is adding in some color to an otherwise black and white picture. I like the idea of someone’s eyes being drawn to a splash of color in a picture full of grey, black and white. It’s also not really hard to do lol which is a bonus. But I also believe that maybe it can be just a gimmick that helps people turn a boring picture into something a bit more artsy, as I did with this picture of the motercyle.
MASS DEATH IS “GOOD FOR THE ENVIRONMENT”
That's what he said. I was disappointed because I knew the power of this observation in the hands of countless blinkered theologians; its power to back up fundamentally stupid dogma of all sorts when they didn't have a clue what he was on about – rather like me at that time anyway. Not a blind clue that Einstein's vision of God wasn't that of a puppet-master but something vaster than the universe itself, which at least we now know isn't anything like what we can imagine. Much larger even than space, time, nothingness and any
Thank you for sending me The List by Joe Konrath. I liked the set-up for this novel a great deal--a detective investigation a murder finds that the victim shares the same enigmatic tattoo that he possesses. Unfortunately, I just didn't think the rest of the novel could sustain that sense of eerie anticipation. The reason for the tattoos, that all participants were part of a secret government cloning experiment, just seemed a little too familiar, and the constant joking, while witty at times, also eroded the tension and sense of menace. I appreciate the look and hope another editor feels differently. Bantam Dell Publishing Group
Or go not.
The Wild West scene started at around 4:40pm Thursday, when a young mom's car was hijacked while she was pulled up in front of her children's nursery school in the leafy Pretoria suburb of Pierre van Ryneveld.
The workshop will be a 'Field to Studio' based class. We'll spend about two days in the field making preparatory studies and taking photos, and then take all of that information back into the studio,for three days, to design and work up larger paintings. During the week I will demonstrate my entire process for using the studies from Nature to create a more complex, considered and larger painting in the studio. I encourage you to bring along a laptop and camera to view any reference sources to use in addition to your field studies. The link to the school below will take you to a page of workshop information. You can scroll down to see the description and registration information for my class. I'd love to work with you there if you think it's something that would be of interest.
Obesity is obvious. Obesity levels are higher now than ever before. One-third of Americans are obese and another third are overweight. Eating a low fat diet only hurts your health. Our bodies need natural, good fats.
The objective was to capture the Dardanelles and Constantinople, opening the gateway to the Bosphorus and the Black Sea for the allied navies.
Parents fight many personal and emotional demons when raising a child on the spectrum. Simply saying “Well, just do this and just do that” is easier said than done. It’s good to understand that each person always does their very best with what they know and what resources are available to them. Offer help before you offer judgement.
1/4 cup Worcestershire sauce
my weakness. Crave Him...not things of this world. Crave His word to fill my
Even trying to relive the dream in the shower didn't help. What do you mean, I'll have to imagine and write the ending? Oh, right. I'm a writer.
When these chemical changes have been made, the meat will have absorbed approximately 10% more water and salt from its original weight.
* Graduated from baby collar to big-girl collar
Due to personal 'Life Stuff,' we have decided to relieve ourselves of the pressure of posting every Friday. We are giving ourselves the freedom to post on an 'ad hoc' basis until such time as life decides to be a little more co-operative. We do plan to put postings up, but they will be random. For new readers, there's a years worth of material to check out on this blog - (links are in the left hand column) - with some interesting round the table discussions to keep you entertained between any new postings that we manage to cobble together before normal service is resumed.
They’re both miserable because they feel inadequate in the face of all the different responsibilities that are demanded of them.
Micheletto quizzes the nosey servant girl, who asks to be paid for her info, because it’s pretty juicy. This idiot girl is so dead.
In another 1993 study,Willett and another researcher looked at data from over 50,000 male health workers, and correlated meat eating with higher risks of prostate cancer.
"Why didn't you send it?" Arlan asked me. "I would have …
phantom pains
ISBN-13:
by wasted youth, and salads Greek,
For those not familiar with Apple Butter, it is similar to apple sauce but thicker and richer in flavour. What would you use it for? Well, here is a short list:
I can’t say everything went as it should have. The list of events that didn’t go as planned were noteworthy to say the least, but here is a brief overview: In Nainital a massage was interrupted by a man claiming to be my husband, in Delhi my friend lost consciousnesses in the middle of a busy market, another friend experienced a severe case of culture shock, the driver who took us to Agra was 40 minutes late and we missed two important sights, we endured rickshaw wars in Amristar and got ripped off buying shawls, loved Holi in Chandigarh while my Carol’s hair turned a permanent shade of pink and Annette suffered with a two day migraine, in Udaipur we never got our second car but still marveled at the calm lakes and marble palaces, and then Mumbai club life didn’t live up to our expectations and the driver wasted our morning trying to take us to expensive shops so he could get commission.
Julie: Penguin
“Don’t presume to know me and call me sweetheart.” Her eyes flashed and the color grew a darker green. “I won’t become one of your blood whores.”
Search high and low,
Update: 4/21 8:03 a.m. (Three days later…) Slow fermentation != Weak fermentation. I do not normally ferment this cold, so I guess I should expect it to behave differently than I am used to. Normally — at 67 °F, say — I would expect fermentation to be mostly done by now. Instead, I check it this morning and the trub is swirling like mad, the kreusen has filled the head space and the airlock, and the fermenter is sitting in a puddle of stale beer. I sanitized my blowoff tube and slowly removed the airlock. It hissed like mad for quite a little bit of time. I am guessing it was almost ready to blow. I cleaned it up this morning and it is happily blubbing away in the blowoff bottle.
Self-worth? Redemption? In a movie with Gary Busey, The Barbarian Brothers and topless waitresses? Yep. And Mr. T, too - can't forget him. Or Irene Cara as Irene Cara.
Hello friends
I calmly responded to my mother as if she were an unreasonable child throwing a temper tantrum, letting her know that this is what I had to do since she wouldn’t be honest with me. I could smell the wine on her breath over the phone, nearly 1,000 miles away and dismissed her ridiculously slurred speech by repeating to her that I needed to find out the truth. She slammed the phone down and hung up, as expected, and I preceded to go on with my day…. But first……
And, about those bad guys, I want you to think about how beautifully a diamond shines against a black background.
Patrick and I miss donating time to charities that are important to us. Yes, you can give money to thousands of good causes down here. However, as a cruiser you never get a chance to teach English at the orphanage every week and build up a relationship with the kids, or spend months helping to build houses, or even muck out the cages at the local dog pound once a week. If you are truly cruising, you are moving every few weeks. People who are living on a boat, staying in one place can do those things, but they aren't cruising. We miss making a meaningful committment to a good cause.
Immediately regretted it when the alarm went off, but hit snooze instead of sleep, so I got woken up again ten minutes later. I think Henry was awake from the first alarm, so it was pretty much time to get up regardless.
Will separate our love from hence we
That moment where you are in the car with your family and suddenly a song with some sexual content suddenly goes on and no one bothers to change the station. Errrr....arrrrghhhh....
Web site: www.rgbnetworks.com
Green Lantern #9 (DC Comics) This cover is notable for having almost nothing at all to do with the actual contents of comic beneath it, save for the fact that all three of the characters pictured do a appear within it (although Black Hand, whose giant head dominates most of the cover and whose MADNESS Green Lantern is DROWNING IN, only briefly cameos).
I first imported the mesh file. Unselected it is black. When we select the mesh it turns green.
In pursuit of that, I have been dipping into a book borrowed from my Dad - a translation into Spanish of a not-particularly-good English detective story. It hasn't been a good choice, except for one line.
There's a slight but considerable danger
I don’t want to. I want that fucker to go down in shame as the light-of-day shines on his/her indiscretions. I want them hauled out in a white jacket and taken to a padded cell.
This recipe is fairly easy and sure to impress. Make the bbq sauce the night before and let your chicken marinade in it. Save some of the sauce to brush on while you’re at the grill. The sweet and tangy flavour of the peach screams “It’s summer time!” I have made this for a nice dinner at home, and I’ve also brought it to barbeque at a park for a family picnic. It’s really not that difficult, and people seem to be impressed when I tell them I made the bbq sauce myself.
Marsi shares yet another one of her secrets today. What would we do without her?
Early on, the rain threatened to wash us to oblivion. But then it abated and we were able to get a full day’s work in. So it was very much like life: two steps forward, and one step back. But not necessarily in that order. What a day…
After the goal, Villa’s tails were up, while we allowed our heads to drop. Our front two looked off the pace and were isolated as our midfield dropped even deeper. Forwards and midfielders seemed to be on different wavelengths, with runs poorly timed or non-existent. Our wing play became less effective, our passing got worse and we were reduced to aimless punts that rarely found their target. For all that though we nearly got back on terms near half time when a good cross from Etherington was headed just over by Jon Walters.
bloody Methodists,
Hunter's siblings were born prematurely, with heart conditions, and spent several weeks in CHEO. The twins have not needed surgery, and are monitored at home. They are, for the most part, healthy. Jennifer considers herself very lucky to have CHEO so close to home. "I feel immensely happy and in huge gratitude to the people who every day save the lives of children."
The sacred assembles
Don't know if I can just choose one Tilda as my favorite, but I think she's in the running for it...LOL. Hey, how about you...do you have one very very very favorite Tilda?
The Beginning: The idea of Fountainhead Brewing started in early 2009. At the time, Michael Ojo was still early in his homebrewing experience and had ideas of starting a business. Over time he came to realize that opening a brewery was truly an extension of his pre-existing passion for food and beverage. "My good friend and I tossed around the idea of opening a brewery and from that idea grew Fountainhead. The original idea was to start a nanobrewery, but over time the idea and plans have grown to what will someday be a small-scale microbrewery," he explained.
On whatever the day,
Admit you want to be with someone like me
1984 twisted my thoughts; it got me thinking how far I will go for self-preservation, for loyalty, for freedom. Dystopia lovers (like me) out there will surely squeal in delight upon reading 1984. Oh, yes. Hopelessness is at the very core of it. Remember: Big Brother is watching you. *evil grin*
Bright Star
They do a disservice to the people of this nation by presuming that we are unable to understand the need to appease the Malays while safe-guarding the rights of the non-Malays.
The particle, until now, has existed only in theory — rigorous theory, first proposed by the English physicist Peter Higgs 40 years ago, but until now it’s never actually been detected. The Large Hadron Collider, the giant particle accelerator 17 miles in circumference, was built deep beneath the mountains on the French-Swiss border to send atoms crashing into each other at nearly the speed of light. It would be enough that if the particle actually exists, the LHC’s detectors would see evidence.
Now as you breathe-in envision Brandon, Jason, Juan and Peter
When the wind to blow
2 hold
In My Utmost for His Highest, Oswald Chambers (in his devotion for April 30th entitled ‘The Spontaneity of Love’) asserts that,
But the colors are what does it for me. And to all of you who think that wood panelling is out, i say to you, 'nay, NAY 'tis in'. Granted i'm the 70's girl, but i love some painted white or stripped and washed wood panelling any day. a la this one:
Share your pleasures, your pains, your setbacks, your gains. Who did you meet along the way that you found to be especially helpful or inspiring? Did you have a favorite blog post? Or a favorite series? Which blogs did you discover during April that you will be returning to in the future?
This would make a great Mother's Day gift. It's a book you can easily read in one sitting or you can just read a short 2-4 page chapter when you need a little motivation and reminder that being the mom although difficult at times is definitely worth it.
Anyone have suggestions for effectively studying for the GRE? I need to get a 500 in math, apparently they don’t look at the written scores.
In the postmodern relativist and secular context in which marriage appears increasingly to mean whatever one wants it to mean, today we celebrate what Christians have done for 2000 years and man has done for millennia: the union of a man and a woman. Not just any man, of course: Prince William’s royal lineage can be traced all the way back to King Alfred the Great. When he kneels at the 1000-year-old altar of Westminster Abbey, he does so as the representative of a British institution as ancient as the Church itself, under whose aegis he is joined in holy matrimony. This is not a fairytale: Prince William and Catherine Middleton do not enter the institution of marriage unadvisedly, lightly, or wantonly; but reverently, discreetly, soberly, and in the fear of God.
STEPH: How much research did you have to do?
The dog canvases on the wall on the left side of the bed were a nod to this young lady's love of dogs. The fashion canvases were chosen to give this room a more sophisticated feel.
Mystics may be drawn inward, but the oneness of the divine also embraces the outer world. When the eye of the heart is open all of creation reveals its divine nature; everything is seen as an expression, a manifestation of the One Being. Mystics are also involved in the demands of everyday life. One of Christianity’s most loved mystics, St. Teresa of Avila, worked tirelessly founding nunneries and looking after her nuns, while at the same time mystical prayer took her into ever deepening states of inner absorption, oneness and ecstasy. Mysticism does not mean to retire from life, but to live the unitive life. “God,” St. Teresa would say, “lives also among the pots and pans.”
Music: It’s Tubbs…what more do you need to know. A different track selection this time. But Tubbs in full flow, unstoppable.
Because of Mr Bull’s disability, officers had been in the habit of telling him when they were going out of the office. Some of them stopped doing so and ceased communicating with him.
Good actor, but I don’t like this series, nor the Golden Girls. I don’t like very old annoying women. There are a lot of other sitcoms and comedy series which are better.
"Oh, to grow, grow! To get older and taller," the little tree thought. "That is the most wonderful thing in this world."
Ben Hutchinson (B): It was Alfie’s idea. He had just read ‘Wind In The Willows’. The Gaoler’s Daughter represents escapism or something…
Ultimately, Max Payne works because it's a perfectly-executed action game with a thoroughly-developed central character and a knowing black humour about its own nature (without ever disappearing up its own posterior). Where the game falters is towards its end, when the thematic and character arcs are not brought to as satisfying a resolution as the revenge plot. Payne achieves some of his objectives, but is still left as a battered, traumatised person. It falls to Max Payne 2: The Fall of Max Payne to provide the resolution for Payne's character that is required.
The original US cover...
Citizen Times: And what is that perspective?
watching them grab onto to life as teens
Rose was the leader of our Girl Scout Troop from the time I was in Brownies to when I finally gave up being a Scout in High School. She and her cohorts put us through every imaginable craft and life-skills activity you can imagine. If you could make it out of paper, popcicle sticks, yarn, glue, wax, soap, or mud - we made it! Our troop fluxuated from 26 to 10 or so... This woman lead whoever would follow through camping, horseback riding, crossing swinging bridges (this was a re-occuring trial of note), thunderstorms, camp fires, haunted houses, parades, community performances, and volunteering. Oh man, did we volunteer.
I have been following a young fashion blogger now for a few weeks. Her blog is called Surely Sonsy, and I just love her self-assured style. Sonsy means buxom, comely, cheerful, good-natured and lucky. I like that adjective. She pulls together outfits with ease - and likely has a large closet to store all these pretty things! She certainly is sonsy!
Undress.
Beads and ear rings: Mandala_ pearl rain
What happened to women? Women are like moons that can have a sort of gravitational pull on everything around them, but now it is like they are planets spinning off from their orbits, non-directional and ineffective. One thing is women do not like other women, they are competitive and suspicious. I realize some women do have close relationships and that is good but most do not. I am Eve, mother of every single living, breathing person on this planet, and I don’t have close female friends, I want them, but somehow it just does not happen, I have acquaintances, but that is not the same.
The world we live in is a very dynamic place. Situations change momentarily; there is unpredictability and we constantly have to adapt to these. Autism struggles with these adaptations, the unpredictable and being flexible. These skills can be learnt through specified programmes, however without dynamic intelligence the world is overwhelming and scary.
Last night it was raining cats and dogs so I decided for supper a pot of warm, hearty soup was in order. I ended up trying out this new recipe for roasted asparagus soup and bringing it over to Mr. S.'s house where we opted against subjecting ourselves to Mother Nature's wrath ( I'm pretty sure the barrage of thunder and lightening were the deciding factor) and instead enjoy a night in watching movies with this furry beast...our favorite little third wheel. I mean, how can you resist this cute face?
wow! i almost forgot i had this blog! okay, not really. in fact, during all this time that i have not been blogging here, i've come across many inspiring things that i wanted to write about.
What problem
Rae & Christian (feat. The Pharcyde) - Ain't Nothing Like
A recent article posted in Shewood Time featured this gorgeous photo of Holly's fab cupcake case! Drooling yet? Tyler Texas, Congrats on having your own cupcake angel, Holly of Ganache!
Mesdan arches an eyebrow quizzically as he reads her latest message. “I wasn’t even here for that, Eliss. You’re being too impulsive-”
But there was no hope of concentrating on the books or their titles. She was outraged and tired and feeling completely lonesome and helpless. All she really wanted was to go to sleep but she was still too wound up from the day’s events.
Arriving at an odd hour, in a lull between lunch and the evening crowds, there were plenty of seats to choose from at the scrubbed pine tables. Drei Bier, bitte. Three Spezial Lagerbiers. €2.30 each. Lovely soft carbonation, light caramel and raisins and a waft of sweet smoke on the back. That does the job. Food. Kassler with a rather strong Sauerkraut and bread. Spot on. Spezial Märzen please. Plummy, more raisins, a nice toasty edge under the soft rauch notes. Nicer than the bottled version. Far too easy to drink. Spezial Ungespundetes, the only unsmoked beer they make? Remarkably fruity aroma, like a mix of bubblegum and pear drops. Comes across in the flavour too, like liquidised candy. Not so sure if I like it, but it's hard to follow the smoked beers. If you're there, and it's on, go for this first. Spezial is a nice place, and it seems we spent a couple of hours here, shooting the breeze, catching up and sipping delicious beer. But I bet it's a lot better in the evening with a full crowd.
Now I am off for about a 20 mile move. It is raining where I am going so I may sneak in another 30 acres of straight no-till where I am. We did the worked ground yesterday which was good as it rained last night.
Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him. - Booker T. Washington
Hope you like it :) I dig this creepy b+w picture of Charlie infront of a mansion. It's a mix between the adams family and eddie munster haha
This is also time-consuming as hell. As with any at home regimen you have to be dedicated. The shortest workout night we have is an hour. The longest is 1 1/2 hours. Every. Night. We don’t do the optional nights off because we have been held up by Army a few times already so we figured we should just keep going while we can. There are some nights Hardscape is getting home at 10 and we are starting then. No excuses.
I made the pie box and put a cute little paper pie in it! I am making 3 different kinds, but I only have one finished to show you today.
Ambition also has these traits: it too is more external than internal. Unlike physical desires, which are satisfied simply by consumption, ambition requires the consensus of others. The honor-seeker, for example, has to be honored by as many people as possible in order to be satisfied.
At one point, in fact, Doc Bloom even asks Ricky how he could remember the night "Santa" killed his and Billy's parents, since he was a baby at the time, after all.
Therefore I think and judge it for thy best
Basic Grey chipboard letters and numbers. They are a few years old.
Never ask why.
To be a child of God is to know that we are God’s creation, that he chose the time and place of our birth, and that his individual plan for us began before even the world was born.
She said: “Willingham Parish Council recommends refusal because of the high proportion of Traveller sites already present in the village and the overwhelming opposition to any renewals or new sites until the problems relating to the illegal sites and proportionality have been addressed.
According to legend, Alexander was a gift from God (to the Macedonian royal family, of course – not to those countless families whose sons died in the wars he waged for 12 long years. Ever wonder why God always appears to favor royalty?)
In short, I guess this reminds me more of a tinted moisturiser than a BB cream - although I've had better coverage even with the Laura Mercier Tinted Moisturiser!
Or stuck in it giving birth?
Champ and chafe and toss in the spray.
- A for-profit education firm is soaking taxpayers by subleasing buildings to the Brooklyn public charter schools it runs at astronomical rates. NY Post
please don't worry about me. She knows I'm going to be just fine.
A chicken drumstick!
Fresh cilantro
One of the great pleasures of this writing life of mine has been meeting writers from all over the world who I would never have met before. Often, this happens via the blog. But recently, I met a very talented actor in London, Jonathan Chambers, and he told me about his mother, Diana McCaulay. Diana is from Jamaica and she has written a novel, Dog-Heart, which portrays the realities of life on the streets of Kingston and the seemingly uncrossable gulf between the classes. This is a novel with grit, humour, heart and pathos. It is both heart-breaking and uplifting at the same time, and beautifully written. But this is not for the faint of heart. To be honest, the cover made me think this was a story for the Young Adult category. Although adolescents would gain a lot from reading it, this is very much an adult tale.
And that's why I need your help. I need your recommendations for medium-to-short, highly readable fictions that are still rich enough in ideas, characterization, and writing style to be worth the time.
If I sound like I’m being overly harsh on a show that never marketed itself as being anything other than a primetime soap, I make no apologies. There are far better shows out there playing that game. What made Ringer infuriating was its insistence on insulting its audience with in-episode flashbacks, and characters so stupid it made it seem like the entirety of Lower Manhattan was experiencing carbon monoxide poisoning (if one more person, apropos of nothing, reminds Bridget of things Siobhan regularly does or doesn’t do I’ll kill her myself). If you’re going to earn yourself a reputation as a place where crazy plots reside, at least commit to the bit – have those bitches meet in episode seven, do a game-change in a mid-season finale, and dispatch one or more of the leads in the finale. Don’t whimper over the finish line by coasting on a mystery that you insist on not solving.
In the meantime, I will leave you with the recipe for passion fruit tart. You can omit the joconde and raspberry jelly, and just made a passionfruit tart, maybe with some raspberries on top. Have a happy Summer!
For a long time, I associated getting older with the loss of things. From hair to sanity, grandparents to friends, it always seemed I was more likely to lose rather than gain things after a certain age.
I find flashing LED’s on headsets to be annoying and serve no purpose whatsoever.
2. Prepare the tomato sauce. Heat the olive oil in a saucepan. Saute the onions until translucent. Add the garlic and diced tomatoes with their liquid. Add the sugar, vinegar, cayenne pepper, clove, cinnamon stick, and salt and pepper.
Like I mentioned, we made our wipes out of my hubby's old t-shirts. It felt good to repurpose those dingy whites that would have otherwise gone to waste, but you can use other fabrics you have lying around (maybe some old flannel sheets would be nice and soft on that baby's tush). We use straight water for our wipes solution which we keep in a little squeeze bottle next to the changing pad (we wet each wipe just before using because if you pre-wet your wipes you have such a short window of time before you'd need to start worrying about bacteria growth)...we tried using some other homemade solutions (that involved combinations of water, baby soap, olive oil, and/or tea tree oil), but after some more online research and our own trial and error, we found that straight up water was the least harsh on Little J's sensitive bum.
Instead I picked up 32 sts on each side of the button placket and knit 2x2 rib for 1.75". I am still waiting for my buttons to arrive.
“Over the last decade there has been a significant growth in interest in aspects of people’s experience with technologies under headings such as user experience, aesthetics, affect, fun, reflection, and enjoyment. In more recent years critical theory has begun to make a small but important impact at CHI conferences and other HCI publications. It is arguable that a relationship between critical theory and experience would benefit HCI research and practice as it has benefited other areas of research in the humanities and social sciences. However, in the history of ideas experience and critical theory have not always made good bedfellows, sometimes complementing each other, sometimes resisting each other. This workshop will explore the ways in which HCI might benefit from a constructive dialogue between critical theory and experience in questions of design and evaluation.”
Again 90% Mauzac and 10% Chardonnay. Also vinified and aged in oak. Somehow the oak accentuates the difference between the Mauzac and the Crémant, giving more vinosity to the wine. Mauzac is quite a rustic unrefined grape and the oak enhances that character but in an appealing way. The nose was quite rich and rounded, with a full-bodied rich herbal palate and some soft acidity. Nicely satisfying and very intriguing. M. Delmas explained that his father used to ferment all his wine in wood, and that the practice has been somewhat lost. Eventually he would like to build up some vins de reserve, so that he can include some oaked wine in all his cuvées, but that is a long term project.
Stop the death of these
Here is a beginning example of their magazines:
- In March 2008 Moloko and ­Ever Roaring were kicked off the project because of non-performance and another company had to complete the project;
My girls would love a new baby. Immy told her creche carers that Mummy was having a baby, and it is a boy. They believed her and asked me how the pregnancy was going.
But first, let me tell you guys about the gadgets i use daily.
I am afraid to speak the words. It's as if I avoid saying, "I'm losing my ability to verbalize my thoughts," then it won't be true. But it is.
An open homage (and worthy tribute) to pop-dramatist Dennis Potter, crafted by Alain Resnais – cinematic dark horse and homme à part of the French Nouvelle Vague – Same Old Song is a whimsical romp narrated via chanson moderne and a host of other quintessentially Gallic pop.
Your loveliness goes on and on, yes it does.
Some warlords will have returned and reverted to past practises. Freedom of the press will be limited. Human rights issues will have taken a backward step, with many Taliban values regaining their 1990s levels of prominence. The Taliban will continue to be a significant presence in the region, militarily and, increasingly, politically. The definition of “Taliban” will remain as difficult to pin down in 2018 as it is in 2008 and may involve some pro-Taliban groups in parliament and other groups resisting by force of arms.
Roberts, Michael 2006a “Pragmatic Action & Enchanted Worlds: A Black Tiger Rite of Commemoration,” Social Analysis, 50: 73-102.
I opened this bottle and let it sit for about 6 hours before pouring my first glass.
In my experience, once a cheater, always a cheater.
On Monday Bear goes to have blood work done and see a Doctor and have more tests done. Then on the 28th October he will start a series of injections, Filgrastim, to increase his stem cells. On 1 November they will remove the stem cell via taking blood, removing stem cells then putting the blood back into his body. It is called peripheral blood stem cell donation and if I had any medical know how, I would probably put it in better terms.
I have had a deep thought percolating in my mind of late. I thought I would share it. It is along the same lines as the idea that "life is more about the journey than the destination." I have been realizing that life is less about what the beauty and wonder of our creations here on earth and more about us learning to become creators.
- 1/2 tablespoon of sea salt
And then he sent me further.
Mate: So what do you think is the most dangerous car on the road?
Recipe:-
Now I understand what the pastor was TRYING to do, but my mind immediately went to the historical implications of that question. Let’s see, what comes to mind when I think of a burning cross? Let me think…
Black currant leaves are most delicately scented in the spring and then is the time to use them for flavouring sweets and all kinds of puddings.This is my own special recipe: Boil 1lb. of white sugar with 1/2 pint water and a cupful of young blackcurrant leaves. Boil without stirring, for 15 minutes; then strain and pour the hot syrup very gently on to 2 beaten egg whites. Beat all the time, till the mixture begins to thicken; then stir in the juice of a lemon and a gill of whipped cream.
You know, everywhere around Acadiana there are specialty
Now that I don’t really have to go to QC anymore, it’s difficult to find a reason to go to SM North especially since I’ve cured myself of my compulsive shopping habit and all SM malls are almost the same. Still, sometimes walking around a different mall is refreshing.
Not only that, but today I clobbered through notebook number four for the book. Granted, these are used notebooks, some with only forty sheets in them, but that’s still just about five hundred pages penned if you consider each side a page. With each page around two-hundred-fifty words, that’s 125,000 words!
Now, I have to admit that I don't like the name: Zoomers. Yes, there's just the teensiest bit of jealous territorialism about the Boomer identity. But it also makes me think of zooming around in scooters. It reminds me strongly of the Zimmer frame which is another word for those metal walkers without wheels. And it makes me think of time zooming along. Which it certainly does.
“Only Cheyenne,” I said; then it came to me. Cheyenne has a thing for Josh! “Well, I’ll be damned! My girl’s got it bad for another guy!” I set Jade down off my lap and walked in the yard to kick a few rocks and basically act like a fool, cussing and kicking, before going back to the porch.
I am back home now. I have apologised. The re-writes are done – at least until the next lot. I will try to remember that like a good story, life is full of ups and downs – and of beginnings and endings.
As I cook the risotto, I will add the veg paste and maybe a drop or two of cream. The remainder of the cooked veg will go into the risotto when it is almost finished. Some Parmesan Romano on top, salt and pepper and it's done. Maybe some grated lemon, also.
Stephen Adams, 51, New York, N.Y.
(Gerard's review: 100 stars)
So what led to the fracas at around 3.20pm?
We went to visit the sweet, sweet school where I taught 1st grade for a few years to say "hello" to friends. Afterward, we went shopping in our favorite outdoor mall.
Of course, it was painful, but my legs held up for the most part. My left calf got a pretty big cramp in it for a long time, but nothing I wasn’t able to run through. I walk/jogged intermittently from miles 10-12, but once I saw 12, I knew I was in the home stretch. Then my running playlist somehow switched to the entire playlist, so I ended up running to Hillsong in Spanish for awhile. Luckily I ran into my boss’s wife, and we finished really strong together!
would begin
Troy and I got to have two dates this weekend and it was just lovely!
Lapping slyness in
This indulgent first course marries three of Italy's best ingredients: egg pasta, winter truffles and Robiola Rocchetta, a creamy cheese from northern Italy, which forms the base for an incredibly rich sauce.
Another thing that upsets me is she changes her terms very often. When i got the job she told me i would have at least 20 hours a week guaranteed. Since she goes on vacations frequently i told her that at my other job i was getting more hours and that i was going to quit since she was not paying me when she traveled. I know I am only a part time nanny and she agreed to pay me half of the 20 hrs (10) when she was gone. When I told her i was going to quit she told me she was expecting her second child and that she wanted me to stay. But i feel that if she is so cheap .. is she even going to give me a raise when the second baby is here .. ? Highly doubted. What pushed my buttons was that she asked me to take her, her mom and baby to LAX on Thursday. So i did.. when i dropped them off all she said was Thank you for the ride! I was extremely upset she realized i was upset too but u didn't say anything. How can you work with someone who is that cheap? I mean im not her FREE TAXI! I mean we have to contract and i can quit but i love baby K and i don't know what to do. Can anyone give me helpfull tips. My other MB and their family are famous hollywood producers and they want me to quit and go work for them more hours. I have worked over two years with the other family so im not the problem.. But What should i do? Thanks!
and he rarely gets a call,
If the world really does end according to your prediction, then I will:
Bring it………..bring some trust. I cant do it any other way. I know that doesn’t make me different than anybody else. We all want love…….but Im not much of a lover if I cant make you see that Im trustworthy. Love and trust you build together. It doesn’t come with “just add water” and you can’t have one without the other. I’m going to learn Mandarin or Cantonese before the year is out. Can I get a fortune cookie with that?
Indeed, a massive contributing factor in Wimbledon FC’s original (and still continuing) problems of place was that swathes of matchgoing southwest London handily ignored them to support other ‘local’ clubs such as Chelsea, Fulham, Arsenal. The Dons were dismissable. And even now, with the Milton Keynes move widely derided and now firmly institutionalized against, Merton council are still seemingly disinterested in the club, who – as they did throughout the ’90s – have to make do playing miles from anything like a ‘spiritual’ home, groundsharing again (though this time as dominant partners) in the relative backwater of Norbiton.
I had these blocks with sayings on them that I had picked up at the thrift store to do something with. I painted them white (it took three coats to cover the sayings up completely). Then, I cut the Bow Ties are Cool (a quote of the doctor's) with the Ariel Black font in SCAL. The tricky part was the doctor. I was originally just going to hot glue a little bow tie on here, but then after playing around with an image of the doctor for a long time, I was able to get a fairly decent vector image to cut in SCAL. It is not perfect, and with the small cut, I think I lost some of the details, but I am happy with how these turned out.
After they had left for their respective homes in North Carolina I happen to run across an article about early television shows. Unfortunately, I ran across it in the waiting room of the Oncology Center at Good Samaritan as I waited for my mother to reemerge from her radiation treatment. I’d love to have that article to reference but I do not. Anyway, to make a long story short: I had a flash-back to my granddaughters visit, the little quibbles which were solved by loving parents, the joy and all the fun they had.
It is never preferable to take an animal’s life in this situation if avoidable. With regard to this bear, every effort had been made to take it humanely. Further complications of its recent aggressive behavior dictated a necessary and immediate action.
“Let me introduce Avpixlat (AP), a politically incorrect blog that reveals the truth about all things that the mainstream media in Sweden don´t dare to write about. It is based on facts, articles and official government statistics, that always can be checked. It is Sweden’s biggest political blog: http://avpixlat.info/ (Swedish Language – suggest using Google translate)
I don't know but I sure as hell am going to try my best to raise strong, independent girls.
Top pie with remaining peanut butter cups.
I have passed by this house my entire life. When I was little it was the highlight of going to the pediatrician's office. It has always happily worn yellow shutters, and the giant iron flower holder you see has always been in that very spot on the front lawn.
I went to the sweet shop to reward Joshua and Louis then we went to collect Louis’ repaired glasses, the whole episode had upset Joshua and he was anxious that the man may still be around, he insisted on pushing Robbie so that he could guard my bag and purse.
ear training. The one we want goes "Do-Do-Mi, Do-Do-Mi, Do-Do-Mi-So-Mi-Re-Do" if
Here we take a look at some of the activities you can get involved with to help keep you fit and healthy. Remember activities can be therapeutic and fun for people of all ages and abilities.
There is Kauwla – named so because he is the youngest in the group. The Josh machine loves being photographed and has a different pose for each click that we try of him. There is not a single one with a straight face.
Knowing what time it is at any point is crucial in today’s busy world. You may need to know when you have to be to work or school, when an appointment is, or even something as simple as when your favorite television show or ball game is going to be on. There are a variety of options for telling the time such as using a cell phone, a traditional wrist watch, or even a silver pocket watch which is both attractive and useful.
I'm entering this into the following fun challenges:
The new paper is by two economists who were working at the Federal Reserve’s Center for Behavioral Economics and Decisionmaking in Boston at the time they did the research. People at the Fed are very interested in understanding how the default crisis came about. “Most often, the reasons economists put forward are, maybe there was not enough screening for mortgage applicants, or securitization, or other institutional reasons,” says Stephan Meier, who is now at Columbia University. His coauthor, Charles Sprenger, is at Stanford University. ”That’s definitely important, but in the end humans make those repayment decisions. So there must be more psychological factors that explain how people make those decisions to default or not?”
"Peace Gull"
Quite so.
In perpetration I have been studying world building for hex crawls, initiative systems and more.
12715 Telge Road
my brother organized a surprise dessert, two warm soft chocolate cakes, that had a soufflé- like lava center! they came with vanilla ice cream and raspberry coulis- heavenly!
Pour a little sweet sherry over the sponge – too much can be a bit overpowering but you need enough to be able to taste it.
The cake-cookies in this recipe are another one of my cake batter cookie creations. This time I made them with sour cream instead of oil so they are super moist and soft.
Game Nutz, my own claimed Cheers in Sherrill, NY (and soon, Canastota), and employer of Boter and Sticky, who arrive me on their podcast, has just added me to its roster. Video amateur and gaming ability accept been my action aback I aboriginal captivated a ColecoVision ambassador at the age of three — that is why I started this blog and abutting the podcast — and I am appreciative and aflame to be animate achieve beyond my contrarily abortive adeptness of video gaming will be applicable. This aswell agency the achievability of accepting added autograph done, as I can accompany my laptop in and abode during downtime.
Murray
Victorian Elegance Theme Wedding: For anyone craving the romance of a bygone era, a Victorian theme wedding may be right for you. Rich colors and sumptuous lace, roses and cupids are all components that can be incorporated into your wedding decorations. The deep colors (burgundies, reds, mauves, dark blues and purples) and rich fabrics like velvet and lace are all well-suited for a fall or winter wedding. Keeping with the theme would be a high-necked gown with a full, layered skirt, lace-up boots and top hats and tails. Another spin on the Victorian theme would be a Victorian Christmas wedding.
am I getting too clingy with lilly?
Mix in olive oil, salt and peper to pumpkin, potato and swede (or whatever vegetables that take your fancy)
But the peplum is about to have a very big year, even though many of the fashion breathren don’t yet know what a peplum is. This ignorance is not surprising: the first thing that pops up when you Google peplum is a website devoted to films featuring Burt Lancaster and Charlton Heston in togas. “The most under-rated genre in the history of cinema” is how one blogger contentiously describes peplum movies, which also go by the soubriquet of sword-and-sandal movies. Further Googling confirms that both meanings derive from the Greek for tunic.
Back in 2007 when Christine Bakke and I founded Beyond Ex-Gay we discussed how those of us who have been through reparative therapies and ex-gay ministries need an opportunity to put on the record what we did, why we did it, what were the outcomes. So many other people have told our stories for us, but in the act of sharing it for ourselves, we can get more clarity and get a little bit more beyond our often harmful experiences to alter our orientation or gender differences.
Also, I feel I should mention that Psychopaint is ADDICTIVE. Put aside a hefty chunk of time because it’s pretty empowering and exhilarating to feel like you are on your way to becoming the next big thang in the art world. At least that’s how I feel…
Confronted with this as a scenario, my French friend is equivocal to slightly supportive.
NABC’s local connection Logo Designs is busy creating fresh allotments of t-shirts for the holiday season. There’ll be Hoptimus and “These Machines Kill Fascists” tees, and, for the first time, brewery (logo + “I’m for It”) shirts in longsleeve. Finally, another small release of the past summer’s Sportstime 20th anniversary tees (men’s and women’s styles) is coming out. NABC’s t-shirts are okay as stocking stuffers, but work even better when you just wear the damn things.
This seasonal variation has posed a key challenge to river basin planners and agriculturalists alike: how to capture and store the river’s waters for more gradual release. At a more fundamental level, but one that has been beyond the capacities of societies within the basin for the greater part of their history, has been the challenge of how to overcome the (sometimes) disastrous inter-annual variations in flow as well.
“We are fighting not only over that last remaining fragments of rainforest, but the very survival of orangutans.”
I don’t know about perfect pitch, but I wouldn’t be surprised if there is something a bit atypical about the way our brains process sounds. The enjoyment of music is very important to a number of people in our family, which I’m sure has something to do with the temporal lobes. A lot of the music that we enjoy is sung in non-English languages, languages from all corners of the world. I’m not sure how unusual our taste in music is, but there does seem to be a hunger in our family for listening to exotic phonemes. None of us are language savants like the famous British synaesthete Daniel Tammet, but there is a consistent line of descent in our family of bilingual or multi-lingual people. I also seem to have a thing about unusual voices. I choose to have people in my life who have unusual voices and I love to listen to distinctive singing voices of a range of types. For me, singing voices are easily categorized as interesting or not interesting, and I much prefer the former. The gravel-voiced rap singers Everlast and Tone Loc have interesting voices, and so do all counter-tenors. I recently read an interesting observation about the extraordinary sound of the counter-tenor voice in a newspaper interview article about German counter-tenor Andreas Scholl. “I think these days the audience knows what a countertenor is, but it’s that inability to readily categorise the voice that makes for better communication – you listen with fresh ears, and focus more on the words.” I believe this is an important element of my enjoyment of the voices of countertenors and other singers with interesting voices. The strangeness of the sound draws attention closely, finely, and it also destroys any set of simple musical expectations. I find strange sounds compelling and interesting, and I’m not sure why I find this so very enjoyable, but I do know from experience that when people enjoy doing anything involving thought, they are most likely utilizing some particular area of cognitive strength.
Melissa drained the noodles, setting the pot back on the range on a new cool burner. She then added the meat sauce to the pasta in the pot. I rinsed out the pan with hot water, which rinsed out very cleanly. My wife and I served ourselves with a side of Broccoli/Cauliflower which we microwaved in a bag. After serving and before eating, I saved the left-over spaghetti, then rinsed out the pot. It also rinsed out very well.
My blog is open again. I won't allow anyone to censor me anymore...
HEROMAN watches JONNY fall.
This is going to be a short post, since I'm working from my laptop while trying to get my new computer up and running. Yes.... new computer. You know what that means?? My computer died, and I had no choice but to go computer shopping. Luckily Weston ( oldest ds) is helping his old momma out. He found
modesty, says she was "flattered".
I spent an evening touring the brewery last week, and I have almost too much to report back on. He's brewing tripels, quadrupels, and sour beers ranging from lambic-style fruit beers to red ales (though none use brettanomyces, which Gansberg seems a little spooked about--based on my own experimentations, probably wisely so). Almost all of them are aged in oak for months to over a year, and many are double- or triple-fermented. It's an amazing range for a brewery that produces fewer than 1,500 barrels a year.
The advice I want to give is “Don’t chase it. If it happens, great. Go fight.” But the infantryman wants to be near the gunfire, and I understand that. I understand where they are coming from. I know how I grinned from ear to ear when my Company Commander told our company of paratroopers that we were deploying. I remember the mix of fear and excitement and I wouldn’t give it up for anything.
I, on the other hand was lost in thought about promises.
self-assured, confident and strongly convinced that I was doing precisely the right thing at any given moment and forging my Life Path in bare feet because I didn’t need the protection of extraneous things to impede my pace.
So I decided that my black Mary-Janes were no longer basics. When I stumbled over these red Mary-Janes I decided Red was the new basic, and I feel fabulous wearing them with every corporate outfit I own.
And I'm interested to read that article about Ponsonby dying. Haven't read it yet but I've really thought that it's starting to look a bit, I dunno, shabby, and not in a #bohochic way. When I take photographs around the city I have to muster the will to get up to the ol' Ponsonby Road. Because, and this is harsh, it reminds me exactly of Hamilton city's main strip. It's really just all about the big city jeeps up there.
All parts of this plant are poisonous except for the fruit. While people say the apple is edible, it is actually bitter (another name for it is wild lemon) and therefore requires quite a lot of sugar to make eating it worthwhile.
Whew, it's been quite a day. For me it started at 5:30am. Not on purpose, I just woke up at that time as Duane was coming to bed. His days and nights are messed up. I walked up to Target and Home Depot while he was sleeping. There are several new readers, so I'm linking to the worst night in February, so you'll understand why this 50th birthday is extra special.
“Harry…”
UN peace operations behind only
Tigas has also built a feature into the Onion Browser that allows the user-agent headers to be spoofed, which contain information about a person’s operating system, version numbers for plug-ins, system fonts and even screen size.
The giant wings beat harder, heaving the bird and its cargo upward. The Beast aimed to the side of the nest that overhung the sheer drop, intending to release the load over the deep ravine where it would shatter on the large black rocks far below. It struggled to gain altitude, wavering in the air as if pushed about by a strong gale. The load it carried felt heavy and limp. The Beast shrieked in frustration and pushed the wing muscles harder until they burned with effort.
Summer: “LALALALALALALALALALALA SQQQQUUEEAL!”
2-3 chicken feet, scored, optional
Stay tuned for my DIY crib bedding.
I’ll admit this isn’t much of a review but bear in mind that this sampling was done on March 14th, 2010, before my conversation with Erik Frank, the Deschutes Brand Ambassador. In that brief discussion, Mr. Frank made mention of a new style akin to a dark IPA and he used the term “cascadia.” Hmmm.
This month our Design Team was treated to a wonderful new product from Tsukineko called Fireworks! It’s a water-based, acid-free and non-toxic shimmer spray that coordinates with the Memento ink pad colors. We’re all using them in our projects today.
We visited the old Burra Burra Copper mine, which started as an underground mine in 1845 but in 1870 it became one of the first open cut mines in Australia. It is full of water now and musical concerts are held by the side of the lake.
“Before this season, MLS worked with all its players, coaches, referees and the two federations to develop, illustrate and discuss several key points of emphasis, One of those points of emphasis is to protect the safety of the player on the ball and reduce or eliminate reckless and violent tackles. Mullan’s tackle is the type of play we need to eliminate from our game and the level of discipline is consistent with our efforts to do so.”
We learned about Ike the horse's first home.
Front 242 No shuffle B
When we asked her to what extent the Celtic traditions were eradicated she drew upon modern New World history by reminding us of what the Spanish Conquistadors accomplished in Central American. In the New World all pre Columbus traditions, places of worship and ancient writing were destroyed. All traces of the Inca and Mayan cultures were purged and lost forever.
Sample Size: 22oz. brown bottle
Another thing that PG boasts is it being the inventor of the common Tea-bag. Legends! Can you imagine where we’d be using loose tea leaves all the time? I’d still be at home brewing it (Urgh I wish) and like many others probably wouldn’t bother too much to make tea. Don’t get me wrong, I love using loose tea and pretending to read the leaves but it’s a lot more washing up and hassle.
Phreak: Sorry.
In May 1508, signed a contract with Julius II for his masterpiece, the “Sistine Chapel“. The Sistine Chapel (entrance wall, south wall, north wall and cupola) is named after Pope Sixtus (pontiff 1471 – 1484) which made repaint the old “Cappella Magna”. The decoration of the walls includes: the false drapes, the Stories of Moses on the South wall, the Jesus Christ on the North wall and the portraits of Popes on south and north wall. Michelangelo, who travelled continously between Rome, Florence and Carrara (where he personally controlled the marble’s quality for his work) put everything aside and devoted himself to the chapel without interruption, until 1512.
Los Angeles (Dec. 12, 2011) – Sterling Archer, the world’s most dangerous spy, and his snarky ISIS cohorts are back for another outrageously raunchy season when ARCHER The Complete Second Season comes to Blu-ray and DVD on December 27th from Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment.
What I'm given to understand is that this particular object of derision (and my eternal anger) is somewhere in a substratum of the debris in his apartment. Until he can produce it, Western is loath-and also not obligated- to apply the credits in a matrix showing what he still needs to take. The problem is that he can be forced, for want of the old *&$@#! Johns Hopkins course catalog, to repeat courses for which he's actually received credit. This will remain an advising, and ultimately, a graduation-related issue until that catalog turns up. I applied a bit of time off and on trying to dig up another copy; I found it right off the bat this morning after not really having a chance to look thoroughly the last couple of days. This is going to require a bit of whining at the JHU archivist. I'm holding off until I hear whether or not his furtive stab at domiciliary archaeology proves fruitful.
Friday evening we worked (mostly Joe as I supervised) in the yard digging a 20 foot trench, 12 inches deep. Sounds like a fun Friday evening right? We have a slight flooding issue (aka Lake English) on one side of the front yard and needed to fix it while the ground was dry. Especially since Sunday's forecast was 2 inches of rainfall. Definitely a good testing ground with the rain and for us to sod the front yard! Woo hoo! More on this during The Lonely Lion Part 4 this week...
make your own nautical decor !!
This DadCentric piece I wrote last week is especially appropriate because it is the day before the tax filing deadline. I’m sure my dad will be franticly cranking out his clients’ returns late into tonight and tomorrow night. – Un.
JSB—Like the one fellow that you talked to that kept quiet about it for about 30 years.
"We're sorry but we need your expertise, we've set up a temporary office. Please, you know the ropes, you know the drill, we value your input, really."
— Søren Kierkegaard, in The Sickness Unto Death
I've agreed with Funki Blue in Aberystwyth my 'range' to complement my fabric greeting cards. One of the products we agreed on, is doorstops. But lets not beat about the bush, doorstops are not for posting.
The project would provide more than 15,344 construction jobs, as expressed in job-years, but, interestingly enough, the number of jobs would seesaw, in the first phase from as few as 340 jobs in a quarter to 3710 and in the second from 420 to 2215. That would lead to an average of 1500 jobs a year over 10 years, but it suggests that some workers would work only seasonally. (Click on the charts for a better view.)
In internet slang, “epic” means “extremely awesome”.
The secret to Bulgarian drinking is never showing drunkenness.
I knew there was a good
The bottle I'm drinking was bottled on 6th March 2010, so it has had a good year to mature.
Minutes become hours. Hours, days. Before we know it, years have passed.
"Shades of Grey"
UPDATE: 27th July, 2010. There has been some discussion about whether the adverse stress tests are sufficiently realistic, for example in the Telegraph and on irisheconomy.ie. The tone of the discussions has tended towards the view that the adverse stress tests were weak and declines in property prices in particular could well exceed the adverse scenario testing. Should the adverse scenario deteriorate then the effect on NAMA would be that the over-payment for loans would be accentuated and NAMA would need a greater improvement in the property market to break even.
My father suggested that I write about the history of Besançon and about the sites here. It's an obvious idea but I just never did it before. Not only will this be good for readers who would like to know more about this city but it will give me something to do! So for next time, I'll have something posted about this wonderful city!
“Relax…I still hunger for you” and with those words she felt the warmth of his tongue find itself against the lining of her pussy. She rolled in ecstasy closing her eyes tightly, her lips forming a smile. The world beneath her gone, she was floating, her body a new tenderness. She took her hands and grabbed his head forcing his tongue deeper inside her pussy. Still smiling, she began to curse, silently at first, then louder and louder until her body jumped and her hips raised, releasing silent requests only Lamar could understand. Orgasms rolled in and out of themselves pulsating about her entire body until she fell back to the Earth they’d forgotten.
"Well," I say a bit defensively, " I take hours to write a few hundred words of any blog posting. I can think about it, change it when it looks too stupid, and patch over the mistakes a bit."
Matthew 24:5-7 Many shall come in My name, saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive many. And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet. For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places.
I love grammar. I could happily diagram sentences for hours. I love the rules, the order, the patterns. The exceptions, the similarities between English and other languages.
Using my mind to hone in, I start to get nearer, and feel the voices.
I ended my Swiggin in Wiggin (the name of Wigan's Camra mag) here watching Saints v Leeds (there was surprisingly little anti-Saints feeling, more old blokes moaning about the ref - surprise, surprise)
In my day job, I am an educator, university level, in the biological sciences.
That's how you appreciate something-- you want it to happen. Now you know
09 - Flirtin' With Disaster 07:00
My hands are worn down by this cage
The first muslin also indicated that I needed a FBA and more length at the waist, so I did a 1/2" princess FBA, and added another 1/2" of length to the waist. This pattern must be drafted for the short waisted. I ended up adding a total of 1 and 5/8" at the waist, which is a lot, even for me. Oh, and I raised the neckline on the CF piece by 5/8".
Hey, this Saturday, Miss Oklahoma contestant Lyndzee Vieweg will visit El Reno for a fundraiser to show her support of Boys and Girls Clubs in Oklahoma. The Canadian County Salvation Army Boys & Girls Club will receive the proceeds from this endeavor.
I mean, I get her point, and I probably have made the same assertion about Jean Rhys (but more, girls should read Jean Rhys, not girls do read Jean Rhys, the difference seems crucial). And I adore Didion - I mean, I am a writer who went to a sport-competitive journalism school, the New Journalists were my literary lifeline. But my early twenties was way more gonzo and tequila than flowers in my fucking hair - I mean, I am and was drawn to Didion because she was a basketcase who made lists of her clothes, also because she's a brilliant, beautiful writer, and yet... Flanagan seems to dismiss Didion the writer and suggest that like Plath Didion is idolized for a persona, one she characterizes as that of the depressive pixie dream girl:
1st stop Hogle Zoo- And in all honesty I didn’t take many pictures, it was so crazy and I was mostly just trying to keep track of these three! There were buses and buses of field trip kids, and at some points you couldn’t even move we were so packed in! ah! Worth it though- the kids had fun! *cute little Brooklyn, she cracks me up, she dresses up for a lot of certain occasions (you could call her a version of Fancy Nancy), she picked out her panda bear shirt to pack for when we went to the zoo! ♥ her!
Another glaring time travel problem is why the Borg think stopping first contact is the best plan. Why not go back to prehistoric times and conquer earth then? Or, since they failed in this attempt, go back in time over and over again correcting the fatal flaw in their current plan until they get it right. See/ you have to assume whoever came up with the time travel plan is extremely shortsighted in order to enjoy the movie.
Last June 22nd, 2011 I was asked by Millicent Perry to speak at the Greater Ward Chapel AME Church Vacation Bible School. I was inspired to use Luke 10:29 and my topic was entitled “Who’s My NEIGHBOR“
Stefan Petrucha
If what I've posted so far sounded bitter, an incoherent rambling of a senile middle-aged balding man from Iowa, then please accept my apologies again.
Is that bad?
Sorry about the photo not being so great. I was fighting with the weather a bit over the weekend. Being new to the group, I have very few Texas related stamps. I'm going to have to come up with some creative ways to use the few I do have until I can purchase more. Since I've been in Christmas card mode lately, I decided to add another to the pile. Isn't this Texas flag ornament stamp the cutest?! I love it! I challenged myself to use more white space again. I'm kinda digging it. :)
"Yeah. I'm fine," I smiled.
The fluke is the duke of soul
Good luck to anyone who enters. The deadline is a month earlier than previous years - it's May 31st. Details here.
Sara Finds a Mitzva by Rebeka Simhaee with illustrations by Michael Weber
19. Richest Man In Babylon (G-Corp Remix)
P.S.The reason I am posting this at 12:30am is because I think tomorrow I will be too busy to post during real hours.
in your mind, a thought that you know makes you happy, that you substitute
For me it is hard to express what a band sets free in me, or why it touches me emotionally. For me music is a way to explore uncharted territory. That's what makes it so magical.
Kenneth Lieberthal, a China expert who was a top aide to president Bill Clinton, said he believed that the United States wanted a solution that is “the least embarrassing to China and to do so as expeditiously as possible.”
Finally, the biggest blast of colour, right now, is the forsythia bush at the front of my home. It has a definite golden glow that suits my sunny mood.
Haute couture: High sewing or high dressmaking. Couture is a common abbreviation of haute couture and refers to the same thing in spirit.
Flavour, says E@L inwardly off on a mental flight to the past, give me some fucking flavour here.
also the day that my tastebuds, well, piss right off. Which, as you can imagine, is utterly screwing delightful. Then Friday – and, for that matter, Saturday – gets worse yet: the tiredness becomes worrying, and to be perfectly honest I’m pretty bloody useless at anything that doesn’t involve moaning or getting dizzy on my way for a piss. But y’know what? I can cope with all that stuff. What I’m struggling to cope with more and more, however, is when the blues kick in. And this time, after a 15% increase in the drugs administered to me, they kicked in a bit more than we’d seen on my first two chemos.
Who makes the first move?
"My grandbaby's four months old...I'll have to bring the pictures so you can see her!"
They fail to mention: The bonus loophole was inserted by Democrat Senator Chris Dodd in the so-called Stimulus bill.
wait to feel if you get tapped
When I was researching, I discovered a couple of points from the archives that might to make you smile:
"when the sparky does actually arrive, can he please come equpped with electrical sparky workmen stuff, as opposed to a sparky that rings NOTHING in the way of tools"
A colourful descriptor of Mayawati’s “Eccentric Paranoia” says “When she needed new sandals, her private jet flew empty to Mumbai to retrieve her preferred brand.
* Did I mention to visit others and invite your readers to visit and view the linked up articles? Yeah, it's kind of important. That's the whole point of Artistic Tuesday, to share such amazing articles and creations with so many readers, and also to get a lot of visits on your linked up post as well.
Eco-Lies! Top Tasmania politician is shown up on TV News!
When they decide to take that step
stay.
ENERGY: The near coast to coast conservative State governments including NSW, Queensland and Victoria are all rushing to embrace mining and coal and gas exploration and “streamline” environmental protections. It’s like a gold rush – and I believe sand will be the next valuable commodity! With big business, these States are challenging and cancelling many schemes supporting renewable energy and energy efficiency. This must discourage investment at a time when other countries are investing heavily.
Remember you have 2 weeks to enter our Challenges and can enter any type of crafty creations you like! Just add your name to the linky below!
NO. OF ATTACKS: 1
and for a moment she wavered.
Seems like it's been a while since I've posted on here. I've been spending a lot of my time with family members and helping them to work at some serious family issues including my step father's suicide attempt (he attempted to OD on my mom's meds). In addition to those needs, my mother goes to dialysis four times a week in addition to her other weekly doctor appointments so I was running her to those appointments while my step-dad is/was recovering as he's usually "driving Ms. Daisy". As for my step-dad......he is alive and out of the hospital and doing much better now. He was started on Celexa and has been attending therapy sessions. There were apparently a lot of underlying issues that I did not know even existed because he's one of those "I don't need to talk about it" type of guys and my mother never really brought the issues to my attention because she didn't want to bother me about it since she thought he was just "speaking out of his ass" as she kindly put it. My mother then told me of the numerous times that he has threatened to "remove himself from the earth" and yet Mom never took him seriously. She never mentioned any of these things until it came out while he was recovering in the hospital.
1/3 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro (optional)
-I like tartness so I used 1 cup cranberries. This recipe will be great with 3/4 cups as well.
Carl Schmitt and the Military Commissions Act of 2006
Reason for Choosing: My English teacher had a baby boy on Saturday and named him Weston, which is also her father’s middle name.
Kate xxooxx.
Charles has mostly brilliant ideas. That didn’t sound right. I mean it in a kind way, not a sarcastic one. He recommended a visit to the National Geographic Museum. Honestly, I hadn’t even heard of it – how bright is that? Blogless, I grabbed the 18-year-old – let’s just call him Son #2 – by the ear and we made our way there to view Machu Picchu: A Lost City Uncovered, Photographs from the Hiram Bingham Expeditions 1911–1915.
Looks like Kooi, Haag and Zulueta have all they need to move forward. Right? Not if Kooi were the one who walked the feds through on their audit. There’s a disconnect between what federal guidelines are and the findings of the federal audit. Another look is in order.
Version B
Make up your own Spray N' Wash with a few teaspoons of Cream of Tartar and some glycerin and you'll never have ring around the collar or underarm stains on shirt again. Just apply, let sit for 5-10 minutes, give a good scrub with a brush and wash with hot soapy water.
- Several subplots are introduced that feel unnecessary, either going nowhere or being resolved in a contrived fashion.
I gave you my phone number. However, I wish to re provide it. REDACTED (land line)
We were heading back to the hotel to pick up our bags and get driven to the airport when I saw a picture of our daughter Sonya's brother in law, Stephen Curry, on a bus stand. He is an actor and has the lead role in the film "The Cup".
I have to stay determined and stay focused and get some more folks involved.
"Well," he answered, "deal with sweating where it is most uncomfortable, and make peace with the rest of it. You have to sweat."
Duration: Approximately 93 minutes
We take up quarters in Moscow with his then friend-girl, Ms. M. We arrive at the train station in Red Square. There are still signs of the old USSR in the station and around Moscow but offending messages have been removed.
RYAN: You know, it’s not very evolved, but there’s nothing better than a raincoast crisp topped with Piave, a northern Italian cow’s milk cheese. But, in general, it pairs well with fish, garden vegetables, and Asian flavors… pretty much anything zesty, fresh or spicy.
Sierra Nevada
One thing is for sure, every time I hear this song I suddenly want to watch the show again! What about you?
This year’s highest new entry is Irish model Georgia Salpa. The Celebrity Big Brother contestant debuts at number five.
Current Pie Tally: 84
I can see the people of that time pinning down others using the LAW, instead of helping them up. I can see the LAW helping Pharisees in fault finding Jesus himself without it helping them to know, He’s the LAW maker.
Bang Gang
Oh yeah, our Valentines Dance last night was pretty fun. The kids really enjoyed it. They had GREAT decorations, games that the kids liked, and ice cream sundaes and cookies, that my kids LOVED! We stayed for about an hour, and then came back home. I did get a few pics, but my stupid camera wasn't taking clear pictures. You know, I think I should just go out and buy a cheap one from Wal-mart. At least that way it would fit in my purse, and I'd have it when I needed it. And those take decent pictures. To get a camera that takes FABULOUS pictures, you need to spend more than $150. That's just the cold, hard facts I'm afraid :)
Bitdefender Antivirus Plus 2012 And Zemana Antilogger License Giveaway – Here is a chance for all free AV users to get a Bitdefender Antivirus 2012 license free of cost, not only this, they can also get a Zemana Antilogger license with this award winning protection ( Both valid for 1 year ) to enhance their computer security. In total 10 winners will be announced ( 1 Bitdefender license + 1 Zemana license ) on 8th June.
Sunshine, sand, friends, fun, and food. A perfect day. We grilled hamburgers and hotdogs and had a blast. It was just a nice, relaxing day. And the water was COLD, but we were still in it :)
The plan has already been set. I plan on adding SEVERAL people to the group, in case the weak ones die out.
It was the first time the people of Glastonbury heard the tune when she sang it. And it has only been since she died that I've pieced together the timings and can see how the tale she told me links to the WI choral version.
Here are some pictures from my trip to HK. I proudly admit that I take very lousy photos, so don’t be shocked if you spit your noodles out when viewing the charred belly of a trashcan. Many of my close friends (and practically 75% of ACSI- my high school) have exhibited moderate to serious interest in it and I’m so happy because my newsfeed’s perpetually filled with gorgeous images and I don’t even have to forklift my ass off the chair.
June 1995; Kathmandu, Nepal; with two hundred
One reason is that customers in the US would be confused, they are not used to thinking about beer this way. But the British are used to it, thanks to a large excise tax that is levied on the final alcohol content of the beer itself. Below you can see the current excise rate. Note that lower strength beer (up to 2.8%) is taxed at half the rate, which is why you'll often see breweries brew a low strength beer in the UK so that they can sell it for much less money (I had a great one at Greene King).
Mormon? A religion? The only religions I know of are the Presbyterians, Protestants, and the Catholics. The doctrine fell from the sky in upstate New York? Was the founder an indian? Well, I’ve only ever seen indians up there. I quite like them. They’re the reason I make a mean popcorn.
Are you among the mindless sheep and KoolAid drinkers, or are you just a happy and content citizen? Together we can turn around this runaway train called out of control goverrnment spending and get our economy back on track.
Self sufficient and off the grid....Our goals!
Yeah, “largely discards the original’s premise.” As if they’re just warning you not to rent this crap! And yes, this is real; the Highlanders are aliens, complete with a plot about what amounts to saving the world from global warming. Are we still in the same universe? How does this have ANYTHING to do with Highlander? And it’s by the same director as the first one?!? Did he just get a surprise back-alley lobotomy in between films? There’s only a three year difference! What the hell happened? Well, I guess we’ll never find out if we just sit around bitching about it all afternoon.
"You're buying on your day off," Jessica reminded her.
Women – cry over melodramatic movies.
Btw, one of my favorite YA bloggers, the wonderful Diana at 'Stop, Drop and Read' has just left a message in the comments about what she's doing to help. She's giving away free arcs and will donate shipping costs to the Red Cross in Canada so they can send more help to Japan. Here is the link and I hope you all go and visit her.
For me, it makes a great deal of sense to follow Blaising’s lead here and read the cup of God’s wrath in the sense found in Isaiah. The fact that Jesus constantly refers to Isaiah 40-55 is evidence that this is what he has in mind in the garden. In addition, I worry about what it says about Jesus if he was praying to avoid the cross if at all possible. The cross was not just a possibility, it was the whole reason for the incarnation. Jesus would not consider avoiding the cross since he came to serve and to give his life as a ransom for many (Mark 10:45).
So yesterday, there were a few yard sales going on in my area. I have raised my kids to love yard sales, too. They love finding treasures. We headed to the grocery store first, and then off to yard sales- my first of the season! I spent a total of $7 and check out what I got!
(The Bible, Genesis 11: 1-10)
Later, I realized it's probably not a good idea cooking with aspartame so I think I'd look for some soda that has sucralose in it instead or heck, you could probably use real soda since it's only 2 points for an entire can.
A group of almost half owl-half human characters appeared over a few days painting and they seemed to be alive and could do with a home, it seemed perfect to set them free in people’s living rooms.
But for so long the politicians were blind to all of this. In Bath, one of England’s most beautiful cities, the Liberal Democrat-led council even proposed to erect a 240ft wind turbine on the hills just to the south. The scheme was heavily promoted by a local landowner, the only person who stood to benefit in windfall profits. It was only after mass protests, and a threat by UNESCO to take away the city’s world heritage status, was the proposal reluctantly dropped.
But that’s not really what I set out to write about. What I meant to write about is the life changing power of laughter.
How it all started. Back In the 6th century apparently, a Buddhist monk brought tea to Japan. Jump forward to the 16th century and you have these Portuguese missionary guys introducing tea to the Europeans. The world just hasn’t been the same. I started this series of posts about Tea a few weeks ago and went on a quest to find the Best Tea in the World. Needless to say that is an impossible task however, I’ll tell you what I consider the best if you tell me yours. You can see my recommendation in a minute.
Lindsay looks and acts like the perfect fifteen year-old, but she’s hiding a dirty little secret that no amount of fashionista coverings can make better. Telling her mother her step-father is molesting her is not an option. Trying to kill herself again haunts her more than the scars on her wrists, and pretending to be perfect at school might very well drive her over the edge.
As long as it's filled with tea parties, laughter with good friends and loved ones, sunny days and golden afternoons,we will be sugar sweet happy.
But after much soul searching, he eventually was baptized at Trinity United Church of Christ.
Accessories: Pearls (Kaisercraft), White embossing powder, Seam binding, Rose (Prima), Twine (May Arts), Foam tape, Thread, Sewing machine.
We had a turkey dinner, and I made turkey soup with the leftovers. My dad cooked us lots of hearty breakfasts, and we ate lots of red meat, including venison nachos. Rowan learned how to crawl up stairs. We played copious amounts of late-night double Pinochle, in between Rowan's wake ups.
Me (browsing the wall of phones): “Babes I don’t know which phone to get. I like this one but I don’t know if it gets Instagram.”
Proprietors: Beth Notaro & Elizabeth Gentry will delight your senses with their OVER DYED HOMESPUNS, WOOLS & TEXTILES, ANTIQUE LINENS, EARLY REPRODUCTION FURNITURE, HISTORICAL SAMPLERS & HANDWORK, NEEDFULS, SMALLS, PENNY RUGS, DRIEDS, SMELL GOODS, ANTIQUES, ONE OF A KINDS, WOOL ROVING, PATTERNS, KITS & SUPPLIES, DOLLS & EXTREME PRIMITIVES... WE WILL ALSO HAVE PORCH & GARDEN DWELLERS SELLING THEIR WARES... TWISTERS, SISTERS & MISTERS, RUG MATTERS HOOKING GROUP & THE GRANNY BEE'S WILL BE DEMONSTRATING BOTH DAYS...
Weird morning! This morning I was walking from the parking lot in my University to my office. Everything was quiet. It as 10 a.m., so students were in their 10 a.m. classes. It was bright and sunny. The sun had finally shown up after weeks of torturous cold. I was walking on the side-walk, telling myself what beautiful day it was. I saw a silver Pontiac approaching. Then something completely out-of-the-blue happened. The driver of the car took his hands off the wheel, stretched out both his hands towards me, sprung out his two middle fingers, and angrily shouted aloud, "fuck you!". It was loud enough that I could hear it from outside, even with the car windows pulled up.
It consists, Ickenham says, of "any good dry champagne, to which is added liqueur brandy, armagnac, kümmel, yellow liqueur, and old stout, to taste." He adds that it's pretty much guaranteed to alleviate the deepest despondency.
It has sentenced Tim to 41 years in jail for procuring girls for prostitution and gave Lloyd a 21-year jail term for raping minors.
Congrats to Elizabeth on her debut novel FURY :)
- Pretzel rods, baby carrots of if I was lucky, chips
Well, as of last night, we were at 1.025, which puts us at 9.2%, if it were to finish up here, but, alas, it is not done fermenting. There is still activity in the airlock, so there's a chance that it'll drop a few more points. If we get close to 1.020, I'll be mighty happy.
Noodles
Had we known how much fun farm camp would be we could have planned for all three kids to go the same week. As it happened, Maya was initially the only one interested. After hearing about & seeing how much fun she had, Riley & Seth decided they wanted to give it a try. This week was Seth's turn, and he loved it just as much as he thought he would. Maybe more. In a few weeks, Ri will be going to the veterinary-themed camp for the older kids.
Ego never ending. Because they are the shit. Probably successful and very good looking (and not the “yeah he’s cute”! The “oh my God I’d lick your body from head to toe right here right now!” Kind of good looking) Ambitious. A golddigger’s prime target!
Liv is hilarious though. She says the funniest things. Sunday I went into our little bathroom in our room to change and throw on some make-up and she followed me in there, shut the door and said "mama, what da matter?". I looked at her and laughed then said "nothings the matter Liv" and she continued on with "tell me what da matter?". Haha, there was absolutely nothing wrong, but it was so cute and thoughtful that she felt the need to come ask. I don't get to see that side of her every day.
Here I'm... excited to sample the Davidoff Puro D'Oro. The cigar is a new blend whose major characteristic is that all the tobacco is sourced from Dominican Republic, hence the reference to being pure in the name.
I have made a scrapbook page this week for a frame so I thought I would enter it into a couple of challenges. Truly Scruptious #73 (Love and Hearts - as this is a photo of me and my Dad I think the love goes with saying), and Divas by Design #20 (Anything Goes). I have used MME Stella Rose and Kraft paper for the main pieces and just found other bits from the bit box. I covered a piece of cardboard with burlap for the background of the photo, the large heart of course is an inked doily. It was a bit of a dul day when I took the photo so it's not a very good picture, really does look so much much 'for real'
This time he managed to pull himself upright, but he quickly fell right into bed and was sound asleep the second his head hit the pillow.
To that end, I give you TG's official far-reaching sucker-upper attachment:
Suarez also said she never would have complained about not being paid had she known the agent was part of Mr Obama’s security detail.
You might recognise one of the Spring Stashbusting Tags that I originally made with some of the littlest scraps from last October's Counterfeit Kit - truly the kit that never dies! I snuck it into my one of my latest counterfeit kits - Country Retreat - because the colours matched so well - and because I already had an idea of how I wanted to use it. Always a bonus!
I found out last summer (last August) that I can still hit a high B (that’s the high(est) note that Anna Netrebko – who is awesome, and probably my favourite opera singer as of last year – hits when she sings Quando Men Vo from La Boheme).
Your goal for LDL levels should be under 100 mg/dL for people with heart disease or diabetes. For people of normal risk, your LDL levels should be between 100 and 129 mg/dL. Anything above 160 ml/dL is considered high and puts you at a higher risk for heart disease.
However, intuition can be a tricky subject. I have dealt with many clients who confuse delusions or illusive tendencies with intuition. This could be misguiding to them, creating anxiety and confusion. The reason for this is that while intuition is something we all have and can access, it needs activation.
Leaving the pity party...
Again, the emphasis here is on Grosvenor being at least upfront and open about these charges and not delivering a whammy after the author submits a manuscript and signs the contract. The package also includes the usual PDF proof, ISBN number (registered to Grosvenor), internet distribution for one year, and also wholesale distribution listing with Bertrams and Gardners. In addition, the author gets five free copies and legal registration.
Her crystalizing and shattering in his arms was actually fairly powerful, and Shu’s normal insufferable whininess actually sounded pained here. So props for this scene, at least.
I feel so lucky to have found a doctor that we can not only be confident in but who communicates regularly that should something go awry with regards to Bennett's care, he will be there to help us figure it out. I appreciate this aspect of Bennett's doctor tremendously because...
“It’s way too soon,” she said, to come to definitive conclusions. But she said the “numbers have gone way up.”
4) Giselle
Birdie’s – 75th and Antioch
Imogen: Don't worry Mum, the mice will show up soon to help you.
Busy Busy Busy week (What's new???) Got TONS of stuff done, despite the fact that the spring "SOCIAL" season has begun. Every day brought at least two visitors, which meant stopping for long chats, sometimes over coffee. Oy vay! It's hard to get back into work, but such is life in the Friendly "Hood"!
My challenge for you is to "Use Something You've Been Hoarding." My favorite color is purple, and I've been hanging onto this last piece of Echo Park dsp for some time now, so I decided to just give in and use it :) Another hoarded item is that great piece of mesh I added to this card for a little "beachy" interest. I colored the image with Copics, and paper-pieced the umbrella with matching dsp. The image and sentiment are by SNSS called Ocean Paradise and I die cut it using a SB labels eighteen. The clouds were sponged on using Ranger tumbled glass ink and a hand-made cloud template. I can't help but wish I was sitting in that chair right about now :)
His smug thoughts were interrupted by a rustling sound from behind. He turned to examine the source. Oh, No. Damn Him. Not now. Through a narrow opening in the thicket, a lone figure emerged, his sack of tools tethered to his back with sturdy ropes. He waved a greeting to Sharshar and then went about his business. The intruder, Sharshar had learned, was dubbed ‘Mr. Think’ by the residents of Qabqab. (the name derived from his habit of asking his assistants to always think before acting.) But in his presence he was always addressed as ‘chief’, an affront to his down-to-earth mannerism. He was the youngest son of a well-to-do farmer, and he’d left the village at a young age. Coming back years later with few stories to tell but with plenty of ideas to carry out useful projects, and with the experience and the knowledge to do them well.
We will be presenting some of the work we have been doing on the Stratford Corsair so come see the Stratford Corsair and her Crew at Sikorsky Memorial Airport September 7-8-9 9am to 5pm and take a ride in a vintage WW2 Bomber! (you have to pay for the ride)
Half Moon Restaurant and Brewery
Thirdly, as noted by other commentators, several procedural issues remain outstanding despite Tugendhat J's conclusion that the 'case will now proceed to trial in the usual way in accordance with the CPR'. For example, although it seems unlikely that Mr Edwards and Michael Mendahun (named as a defendant because the sex video was available on a website operated by him) would oppose the grant of a permanent injunction, there is no procedure for obtaining a permanent injunction against 'generally described persons' such as the second defendant. In these circumstances, it is suggested that Tulisa would need to obtain a 'contra mundum' ('against the world') order against either Mr Edwards or Mr Mendahun. However, obtaining such an order may not be straightforward as neither Mr Edwards nor Mr Mendahun appears to be threatening further publication of the sex tape.
That news made me so sad.
Love and blessings to all of you my friends!
But I have to say though, in fairness, that this mentality is NOT unique to America. It’s happening all over the world, wherever free enterprise thrives. But you know what, in other places such as the Philippines, their concept of “BIG” is definitely not the same as what’s considered as such here.
A lot of my coworkers are crazy about the thing, but I just can’t stand the thought of yet another giant leap forward in technology so soon after I’m barely comfortable with my Enviro-Sak. I feel like I’m living in one of those rapidly emerging cultures of Asia, where half a generation ago nobody even had a landline phone, and now everyone’s walking the streets with the latest in wireless.
Now Salon reports that major airlines like British Airways, Qantas and Air New Zealand have policies that prohibit unaccompanied children from being seated next to male passengers in the name of child welfare (or more likely, litigation concerns). Personally, I'd just as soon not risk being seated next to a fidgeting germ factory on a long-distance flight to Christchurch, but the implication that having a penis somehow renders me unfit to be seated next to a child is sexist and disgusting.
You will only know what this title refers to if you listened to Randy Travis and country music back in the 80″s. Randy said he was going back to his friends who bought their “coffee beans already ground”….hum the tune if you know it.
Also linking up to Patti at Visible Monday. This outfit may not have seemed so visible, but for me, it was. It was just so different from what I would have worn a few years ago. And isn't that what it's all about?
You are starting to have more conscious inner conversations with your Higher Self as you go about your Earthly duties and much guidance comes through to you.
The first issue of a brand new journal published by Mohr Siebeck entitled Hebrew Bible and Ancient Israel is available for public access here. Here is the TOC:
In 1985 Moe and Younis were detained by the Security Police and in later years Moe tearfully told of how he had been tortured.
Here's my finished card...
Then of course I have bigger dreams - to finish my book and get it published. To make a living from writing - wouldn't that be great, I'd needn't feel guilty about the time it uses then!
Location : Nehru Place, Delhi.
December 17, 1991
For an example of facilitating through the use of technology, watch the video below and note the use of the stick to guide the student's touches:
Hi everyone! I will be celebrating my birthday next month. To make my birthday extra special, I will be holding my first ever giveaway event! This is also a way of giving thanks to all of you, my lovely followers, for patronising my blog. I have not finalized the rules/ details as well as the goodies I am giving away but I will definitely announce them soon.
Then I took my fufu and light soup home and ate it fast while I cooked macaroni because my right hand was starting to swell and I had the feeling I wouldn’t be using it very much come Thursday (I was right) but that my stomach would still be demanding food (right again).
Lastly we have my newly appointed scrapbook desk, which is still under construction and organization efforts...I have not scrapbooked in some 3 or 4 years sadly, nor have I printed the 60,987 pictures on my computer. But, as you can see I am working on that. In theory anyway. Also you will see I painted the bathroom door with chalkboard paint. Good times.
Mostly - my respect for members of the 501st increased by a million. I can't imagine wearing this armor for a few hours, let alone all day. Then there's the dedication to making the costume.
A year later I think it's fair to say that Ruby's transition to a pampered life with a pair of besotted humans has gone smoothly. She remains a quiet girl who rarely barks and only occasionally whines. Moose sometimes supposes this behavior is a result of neglect and isolation in her early life. Poor Ruby never learned she could use her voice to command humans and order her world. That, of course, is one reason we've heard relatively little from her here on the blog. In other respects, though, Ruby is remarkably transformed from the skinny critter she was a year ago. Daily exercise and a better diet have bulked her up considerably. Her paw pads, which were soft as a baby's behind when she arrived in Roxie's World, are now thick with callouses. She enjoys walks, but the concept of play is still something of a mystery to her. Unlike me, she won't hang out in the yard by herself for extended periods of time, chasing squirrels, digging holes, and woofing at anything that moves. In the company of a human, however, she will race from one end of the ridiculously large backyard to the other in crazy figure 8s. Moose is trying to capture this delightful activity on film for the pleasure of my readers. Stay tuned.
Fear is not an option when you are a homeowner.
New rules: Like I said, a bit of change is nice every once in a while. Here’s the catch, though: I have to be honest with you, I do quite like the current Codex. While that will probably devalue anything I have to say on the matter for many, let’s take a look:
thank him for his grace!
Jan 13 – Shahrizat takes leave from her official duties to make way for the MACC’s probe on whether or not she had any involvement in the NFCorp issue.
That would have been enough to convince me, but to tell you the truth, by that point I was already being won over. Never mind what she looked like – she smelled just like my mother. There are scents that just always stay with you, you know? And for whatever reason I’ve always had a pretty sharp sense of smell. Not that that’s always been a positive thing in some parts of Orgrimmar, let me tell you. Anyway, though…the more time I spent around this woman, the more I noticed it – that smell I can’t really describe but would always recognize when she was close to me, like old parchment and dreaming glories. Like comfort. Like home.
The pretty butterfly is cut at 1.75 x 2.66 distressed and used foam tape for dimension. The frame for the sentiment is cut at 3 3/4 plus the layers and embossed with the divine swirls folder. The sentiment is from K.Andrew Designs ~Positive Thoughts set. Ties it off with a pretty satin double bow:)
I stopped into Roots yesterday to see if I could rustle up either some Epic or the Chocolate Habanero Stout. Epic isn't out til Thursday, but the Habanero's pouring (or burning, depending on your palate). To refresh your memory, last year's version was a fascinating beer. The chocolatey stout was up front, not the chilis. At first, you didn't notice but a touch of spice, but then at swallow, the fire warmed up enough to kindle some sparks going down. It was a subtle background note. Over time, the spiciness would collect at the back of your throat, though, and it would slowly warm up.
Last Man in the Tower by Aravind Adiga, winner of the Booker Award for White Tiger. It's complex, full of rich characters with unexpected humor. I think we'll be able to expect that from him in future books as well.
Sonny Morgan: congas
Shadow: It is no use woman. That’s her fate, now it’s time to find yours.
As a Goddess of the moon Diana ruled over the light that influenced the crops and pregnancy in women.
But this year - after only 12 years of marriage, I have finally figured it out. Even though they say we are NOT going to exchange gifts- they don't mean it. That is actually code for "Bring gifts. Something nice preferably."
The other Pred scrutinized the boy, then declared, “Be that as it may, I can still use this to my advantage. Tupper shall be my talisman against gaudy beasts with ready fangs!”
We must also be mindful that an adjudication of neglect carries long-reaching consequences. This finding may be used against K.H. in subsequent proceedings, including proceedings to remove the children from the home or to terminate her parental rights. A finding of neglect may also carry a personal or social stigma far beyond the limited circumstances involved in this case. Thus, the courts should be very careful about making such a finding merely out of caution.
....or should I say Operation Right Hand! Today (Monday) I am heading into hospital for an operation on my right hand (my dominant one) which involves removing some bone and tying together my thumb and my index finger. It's a bit complicated for me as I don't actually have a lot of index finger on that hand, due to a childhood accident, but I have managed for nearly 60 years to continue to use my dominant hand. Indeed I taught students to type and later to use a computer keyboard and was able to use my lack of a finger as all the more reason why they should be able to achieve good typing skills - if I could, they could!
I look back on this first initial reaction I had when hearing about an Equal Money System for the first time and find it quite fascinating at how I was able to completely, disregard/dismiss this point of having any value what so ever.
Fort Wayne, IN
Anywho, grilled cheese was eaten; grilled cheese was loved.
I guess we're both in a sea of I don't knows...Fear too.
If you do not use the word, the people who use the word will still have the same unacceptable misconceived wankiness in their brain. Changing the word is trying to mask symptoms. It does not cure the disease.
they're hot!
I happened to catch an episode of My So-Called Life today while flipping through channels in an effort to find something to entertain me as I measured clothing.
Most historians, using their own hands, would never dream of handling anything other than the extreme edges of a document. They certainly wouldn't run their bare fingers along the text. It just feels wrong. The delusion that a glove is something clean breaks down that psychological barrier. Hence the amateur genealogists on telly pointing their way though letters and registers like five-year-olds learning to read.
Architecture Sans Frontières-UK
Certainties? One or two.
Anyways, the naked butt mat rocks, and you need one. I’m sure of that. Baby girl does her best rolling sans diaper, and truth be told, it’s the only way we could get her to agree to tummy time early on. Tummy time + diaper = much screaming; but naked tummy time = superawesomefunsmilesgigglesandjoyfulsqueals. File that one under Important Things We’ve Learned in the past 8 (!?!?!!!!) months.
2.) Being featured on Angie's pretty blog, "A Little Inspiration." And for being reminded of what inspires me: my children, my faith, my small corner of the world and the good people who occupy it. Thank you, Angie!
When one faces death he begins to realise what is truly important and necessary. Earthly possessions really aren’t that important for, as they say, “you can’t take it with you.” There were certain things on that boat they could do without. They were now seeing that those physical things were becoming a hindrance rather than a necessity. That, no doubt, is true with many who are now hearing this message.
I already miss all your comments and blogs I often look at (even if I remain silent) ! ;-)
Sweet swirling stitches
Congratulations to our winners, please contact us at challenges@easycraftprojects.net to claim your prizes.
1/4 Cup Whole Wheat Flour
John McHugo, chair of Lib Dem Friends of Palestine, says, “This is a witchhunt based on trial by blog. Jenny’s motivation in speaking up for the rights of the oppressed is anger at injustice when others, who have the duty to speak out, pass by silently on the other side of the street. It is also an attempt to make Jenny the story, and to detract attention from the evils of Israel’s occupation.”
Savard: Who.
I blossomed
The sound from Firpo's recording would have been relatively imperfect, but the image makes me want to know more: where was the studio, how did the musicians get there, what was the weather like? A day in Buenos Aires long ago, a tango recorded, and some sweet, slightly distant music we can still hear.
Oh yea...the day after I underwent permanent body art for my dogs, Oakley decided my iPhone needed to be her new chewtoy. That's puppy love for ya ;)
If you’ve read part I of this post (here) you know why being a “perfectaholic” is a problem that can kill your creativity. So what’s the “perfectaholic” cure?
I have too many things to feature them all here, so I'll just show you my favorites - just click the links above if you want to check out everything I've got! :)
It’s not just the shark, either. Later, while in his Adam West persona, he’s kidnapped while putting the moves on Miss Kitka Karenska (really Catwoman) in her hotel room. When he’s brought to the villainous lair (a flimsy room upstairs in a dive bar), he promises the bad guys he’ll kill them if they’ve hurt Kitka. Not, “I’ll bring you to justice, evil doers,” but “I will f*cking rip your heart out of your chests, feed it to the others, then sh*tstomp your faces so hard people will think there’s four f*cking Clayface’s running around.”
20He which testifieth these things saith, Surely I come quickly. Amen. Even so, come, Lord Jesus.
This is what life is all about.
Before you seriously begin a real estate investment, make sure you consider the real risks that you would be taking with a venture like that. A new investor is likely to learn the hard way that there are serious downsides to being new to the game. Take time to gain knowledge about real estate investing before you put your money on the line.
Even less accurate is the Psychological Stress Evaluator (PSE), sometimes referred to as a Voice Stress Evaluator. Supposedly, during a lie, the voice reaches a higher pitch than when someone is telling the truth. While the PSE does measure variations in emotional stress, that’s not necessarily indicative of deception.
Their jobs were morally complex,
I really don’t care about who really cares,time will tell.The situations are changing rapidly and we are in front of many changes.But I wish you were fighting by my side for a brand new world.Our new world.And it’s impossible.I would never ever take away your hopes .The contrary,I take hope from you.And I will miss you the coming days.Or the coming years,I don’t have a clue.
Baking tray
–SHARP-SHINNED HAWK, Calgary’s Oakridge neighborhood, Margaret Brunner
the most unimaginably unattractive ensemble you can think of. a black hooded zip-up sweatshirt and brown cotton short drawstring yoga pants. both with food from isaac's messy hands all over them.
Just when you thought that California couldn't get any crazier they find a way to do just that. Enter Assembly Bill 1960, which enables owners of businesses that contract to the state to identify themselves as LGBT. Please don't ever tell me that the state of California doesn't have their priorities straight as to what is important in the day to day lives of the people living there. I mean, who wouldn't think it's important to tell the government ones sexual orientation? And just why would the state of California require this information anyway? Well, one can only speculate, but my guess is that if a person were to identify with the new elite and untouchable class - the fabulous LGBT peeps - then your business would get a great big green light for the state to do business with. Gone are the days when the business playing field was level and no one was interested who you poked in the dark as long as you got the job done - enter the days where your sexual orientation is more important above all else. Just where is the enough-line drawn with this LGBT crowd? Now that they have successfully lobbied the lobotomised bureaucrats, what's next? Maybe they should push to tattoo the foreheads of everyone who isn't part of the LGBT community? Take their children away? Chase them out of the state? Keep it up California - your state is doing real great! No budget - tick. No money - tick. High debt - tick. Happy LGBT community - tick, tick, tock.
Now, in the 21st century, jewish power and influence increase essentially unchecked. For the last six decades the jews have gone into overdrive, generalizing and adapting elements of their narrative to other "minorities". Slowly but surely this is what has turned European-founded societies inside out and upside down. When jews and other diversities exclaim, "Diversity is our greatest strength", they are exactly right.
Eli grinned and took my coat, walking it to the coat closet by the door. “Have a seat at the table. I’ve a laptop for you there.”
“The day after the bowel movement.”
Or how about Col Gaddafi, who stated:
I'm using 28 count opalescent white evenweave. Instead of the Crescent Colors silk the pattern calls for, I'm using Vicki Clayton hand-dyed silk floss in Blue Sky.
15Behold, I come as a thief. Blessed is he that watcheth, and keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked, and they see his shame.
Even regular reporters noticed that the factory in question closed under, yes, George W. Bush — a fact Romney failed to mention, although his campaign scrambled to cover for him afterwards.
you are Love embodied
I have high hopes of reaching our goal of $8,000 to the CSPs in Haiti and Ethiopia. It seems impossible, unlikely, far-fetched, but I am still praying for it. I feel so privileged to be a small partner with the work Compassion is doing through the Child Survival Program. You can be too!
fame in the 70's
"Dad, I really like this bean and would like it to be kinda special."
Sadly we lose one member of Team R this week, Lisa, thank you for all your hard and stunning work, good luck in your crafty future.
Let me first clear up something: there is nothing sexy about your semen. It’s got the texture of Elmer’s glue mixed with the scent of chlorine and sweaty balls. It’s a fucking chlorinated, sweaty ball stew. I don’t care how diligently you’ve studied porn (oh, that was your major in college?), we are not thirsty for your sticky juice. I was lucky enough to discuss this topic with my girlfriends this past weekend and we’ve all agreed, yo’ jizz don’t taste so good. One of my friends did reveal that her ex who ate a lot of fruit (pineapples, strawberries) tasted sweet. The same food items that make our twats taste good have the same benefits for you. However, most of you live on steak, potatoes, french fries, burgers…making your ‘izz taste like ‘ish. But I digress, because we all agreed that we’d much rather suck your dick than lick a pussy. You guys have it rough too. Anyway, girls still swallow sometimes, so what does it mean?
"Winners named in "HandsOffMyDesign" Competition
OTR to MP3 – July 9th, 2011, Shore Leave 33:
I would love to offer up something amazingly poignant today but I simply don’t have it in me after the Philadelphia Flyers came back from an early 3-0 deficit to beat the Pittsburgh Penguins 4-3 in overtime.
Diddy-Dirty Money perform “Coming Home”
Susie’s cousin Bobby (totally not his name either) is in my class as well. One day when his older sister (a former student of mine) came in to the school to drop Bobby off, one of the other students said to Susie, “Your sister is in the hall.” Susie yelled back at them, ”That’s not my sister! That’s my twin!” Ok, this one needs some description (I really am LOL.) The ”twin” (really her cousin) is about 3 years older, dark complected with long, black hair. Susie is about 2.5 feet tall, very pale, with long blonde hair.
This outfit makes a cute "big girl" room. There is a good mix of sophisticated and playful pieces in a not too girly color palette. I kind of want to me this one happen. Anyone have a daughter who needs a new room?
Today was our second class and it was all about Analogous colours. Analagous colours lay beside each other on the colour wheel. Beside turquoise heading towards the greens is first aqua blue. As the fabrics I found in that colour were very close to my turquoise (the colour shift was very subtle), I chose to skip that one move on to the next colour, aqua green and then blue green. Below are the two rows of fabrics I chose in each of those colours.
Mix flour, nuts and soda,
Although I was on the edge of my seat for Cassia and Ky to find each other, the book as a whole did seem somehow bland. The characters travel around quite a bit and undergo some introspection, but a curious lack of tension and foreboding meant the plot suffers as a result. There’s also a nagging sense of familiarity: if Matched felt like The Giver, Crossed feels like the Obernewtyn series by Isobelle Carmody.
But really, all I want to say out loud is... I'm really proud of me for doing this... sticking with it... and keeping an open mind with some of the foods they want me to eat. It's been tough, but I have prevailed through 1/3 of the entire plan. In the famous words of Helen Reddy, "I Am Woman! Hear Me Roar!"
Spring means many things here in Lotus Land.
Jews Hate Whites may be an idiot, but his anger is justifiable. And when one contemplates the political imprint of America’s Jews in the last 100 years, from Max Shachtman to Noam Chomsky, from the Jewish Socialist League of America in the 30’s to the Jewish Alliance for Law and Social Action in the 90s, from Saul Alinsky to the Rosenbergs, from Abbie Hoffman to George Soros, from Ruth Bader Ginsburg to Ramona Ripston to the current crop of Jewish politicians in Congress and machers in the White House, one begins to worry less about the veracity of the MacDonald hypothesis and more because of the veracity of his facts.
It's hard to write these days. Hard to know what to say...it's hard to know what to do. How can I be so incredibly happy when I feel so completely empty without you in our lives?
Excerpted from The Secret Life of a Fool: One Man's Raw Journey from Shame to Grace by Andrew Palau, © 2012. Published by Worthy Publishing, a division of Worthy Media, Inc., Brentwood, TN. http://www.worthypublishing.com/. Used by permission.
Started a couple of projects this week and this is where I'm at.
If you haven’t seen the show the little dog, Blue, has this great super power called “Skadoo”. Basically she sings a little jingle and jumps into any picture or book and she’s magically in the scene. If I could have any super power, this might be it. I could open a travel book and magically be in Fiji…it would rock. Connor thinks so, too.
Dreaming as the summers die:
While awaiting details, some dreamers are encouraged by his proposal.
and run your fingers along its chambers. Until you grow older,
on the new online crafting club called
We can look at the "Island" as a stop in the adventure/experience/game/journey as one of the levels/planes. We can even acknowledge the final scene in this episode with Christian opening the church doors as next level or "Game over."
So now you are airing on TV, you have trackable viewership, and starting to get a feel for the industry. Get out there and show these big companies that you can help them grow your business. A little secret the tracking viewers thing almost no one dose that, it my number one closing feature for my sponsorship sales.
São Paulo – (55) 11 3664-3848
These are super easy to make and with only four ingredients, you should give them a shot! Someone in your house will thank you!
98And once the lot of Abelard and me.
I told you I'd been gathering colouring tips whilst I've been away and I hope I've managed to use some of them in this 'portrait' - I certainly feel I've got some reasonable shading going on here. I hope my niece will like it.
on week two....your postcard will be sent from person B to person A...and so on.
If possible, do this in a separate meeting. When I was at Lakeshore Community Church the leadership often made use of 15 minute quick meetings between services to give teams simple updates. On more weighty issues, like culture change, another venue with no time constraints is better. Answer questions. Be kind. Use “I” statements, and do not ever down the old system. DO explain where the team is going and how the old system is not able to get you there.
and vegetable print vest.
Both components of my blog name were truer at one point than they are now. I was rude, and once upon a time, I was but a boy.
Link to THEE post on your blog with your WOW cards, not just your blog.
The ward is all but empty, a single human at the desk. An orderly patrols the corridors with the disinterest of Archorid in daylight. Aware that no alarm will sound, just a console light ignored by the distracted nurse, she knows what must be done.
If you browse through the above mentioned flickr group 'Food Photography Club' you will find many more examples on the use of negative space in food photography.
Big Audio Dynamite II is the second incarnation of the alternative dance group Big Audio Dynamite, formed after all original BAD members except for singer/guitarist Mick Jones left the band in 1990. Under this name, the band released only one album ''The Globe'' in 1991, which contained the hit singles ''Rush'' and ''The Globe''.
The boat trip to the market place was decent, though the birds where a bit out of control. With our loot bags in tow, we spent the better part of the day haggling prices with merchants. Overall, Bransen does make a good haggler, even with his simple ways. While in the market, Jarvyk brought up the topic of help Ashton look for his missing father, another necromancer. I didn’t know they ran in packs, I always thought of them as loner types… well, minus the undead of course. Can’t count them for company these days, so little intelligence in today’s undead. What is the world coming to? Anyways, I offered to help ‘cause where there are mages, there is money, ‘cause spells just don’t create themselves, you know. Unless your Bransen. Sodding cleric in denial.
Wembley is probably the first thing that springs to mind however, in terms of carrying forward into the next campaign, a strong finish in the league is in many ways just as important?
do with enjoying them in the yard.
I assumption I can say that my TV watching habits as a kid in actuality angled the artisan I became. I'm just in actuality animated Beyblade didn't await on abundant metal or country for their action music. Who knows beyond I'd be then...
What were once tiny stubs on the sides of their puff-ball-bellies are now sprouting feathers, a few even have teeeeeeeeny little rump feathers poking out of their fuzz, like our RIRs and the SLW.
However, have made good start.
Anyway, on to making the speech or at least outlining it. I need to try doing the relaxation podcasts I was sent to get me in the state of mind tomorrow, but hopefully all will go well.
Cut or rub in the butter until coarse.
And now we wait. It's been a day now and we've got nought but originals.
While the SRS is not yet considered a diagnostic instrument, a T-score of 60, one SD above the mean, is currently the SRS-based cut-off for an autistic spectrum diagnosis. Standard scores from 60 to 75 currently indicate SRS-based "mild to moderate" autism; 76 or higher is the SRS-based "severe" autism range.
I always knew that phase was precious in its fleetingness. Once you know a city and develop a routine and relationships, time takes on its regular cadence. Tick tock. Tick tock. The magic and possibility, while still there, aren’t felt as strongly. Soon, they no longer tease and lead you to new sensations and experiences. Only because your heart, curiosity and eyes aren’t open as wide. (Which, I don’t think is tragic, but, rather makes the fleeting stage more beautiful.)
I recommend this book highly. It is well paced and there are some gorgeous passages. I do have some minor reservations: the formatting is not consistent, the proofreading could have been better, and sometimes—but not a lot—the dialogue is stilted. But these quibbles hardly sink what is a fine read.
It's a simple matter, however, to discourage on-the-fly spell trading without arbitrarily forbidding it. All you have to do is make it a long, difficult, expensive and risky process, and it will happen rarely, if at all.
February 14th. A day to celebrate love with flowers, chocolate, romance. Sounds wonderful if you have someone to love, or even the hope of finding your true love, but if you are one of the many bereft whose beloved has died, the day brings not romance but tears. You remember that once you were loved, that once you loved. Of course, you still do love — love doesn’t die — but loving the eternal essence of someone who is dead is not exactly the same thing as loving someone who is present in body and mind and heart and voice.
“I pray thee forgive our barbaric ways, my lady. There is no mounting block. If I may be so bold as to offer my services?”
In a post last Thursday, Alan praised an hypothesis described by Arianna Huffington and attributed to Eric Schmidt, ceo of Google, that the internet is a kind of antidote for lies, smears, and general bullshit.
Yellow cake with strawberry jam and a swirl of cream cheese frosting
James 1:8 A double minded man is unstable in all his ways.
Having had a telescope since I was thirteen, I am fascinated by the starry sky and can identify most of the major constellations. Given this time of the calendar year, I knew that the constellation Scorpius would be in the southern portion of the sky. I scanned the lower portion of the southern horizon to find the tell-tale star of the Scorpion, the crimson Antares.
9.) doesn’t matter
The heading of this post is the tagline of a wonderful book that I’m reading currently. I was browsing in a bookshop( one of my favorite occupations) when I happened upon this book in the non-fiction section. The title was ‘Leading Ladies’ penned by Sudha Menon. For a moment I stood there, indecisive about picking up the book. When I did pick up the book, I turned a few pages, put it back on the shelf, moved on, then came back, looked at it some more and then on an impulse decide to buy it. And boy, am I glad I bought it.
Here's another thing - with stuff like paralyzed, we're dealing more in describing what happens rather than trying to make everything mechanical. So paralyzed says that you can' t move your limbs. Spellcasting specifies that you need to move your arms to cast a spell. Thus, a paralyzed creature can't cast
Yeah. Markers and highlighting in pink ink. They’re all just passages I want to remember… things I found interesting; descriptions of favorite characters; awesome scenes. I don’t usually do this with books; usually I treat them like sacred relics. But there’s too much to remember with Lord of the Rings, and my brain is not that powerful to simply know where it all is.
Wednesday I celebrated granddaughter Gigi's first birthday with her. Her mommy had bought a mylar balloon for her and we need not have bought other presents. She spent about 30 minutes bouncing the balloon up and down, giggling hysterically the entire time. There is nothing like a baby's laugh, is there?
Little Man is babbling more today. He crawls around saying "ba ba ba". It is so precious (and a little sad, knowing that in 2 short years he will be talking nonstop to the point where I'm begging him to watch a movie so he stops talking). Every mother deserves a little quiet time. :)
My ribs are still a little sore.
Other strategies of treatment consist of freezing and you can get hold of aerosol spray to freeze the warts yourself. Some people report that utilizing duct tape or maybe electric tape can suffocate the hpv warts. You’ll want to hold the duct tape secure continually and remove it only a number of times which usually tends to make this treatment challenging.
Walker’s victory comes with a consequence. He could have had Michelle. He could have ditched his wife and his kids for a fetching young vixen. He chooses his family instead. It is not a decision he will likely ever regret, but he’ll carry the burden of making that decision, always. Michelle’s last words (“Don’t leave me alone”) will be on his mind for the rest of his days. I think this is what Frantic is ultimately about: the choice of love over lust. But I think it also asks something else: can love be found in lust, too?
I don't have time to talk about the cheese. I'd hate to bore you.
I really like to be “model-coach” and help other to get the small details away from the photo from the beginning instead of getting the afterwork in photoshop.
Of course, we all know that marijuana does not really alleviate pain. Especially the kind of pain I’m having. I guess this would be a good time for an interlude about what I’m going through, First, the hand, on the surface, is healing too well. The scar is raising up, in some places as much as 2mm above my hand. This is known as a keloid. I am not a fan of this. My family doctor looked at my hand and said that it looked “Frankensteinish” (Thank you Dr. Johnston).
Here's part 2 of an entry here on scene structure with a link to the previous part.
He was frozen; hidden beneath the kitchen counter. The phone was directly above his head; help
Break-ups.
Peel the apples and beetroot, grate them finely..Take the sugar,milk powder, grated apples and beets in a microwave safe bowl..cook in microwave oven for 20minutes in high power (stir twice in between)..Take the oats in an another microwave safe bowl,cook in high power for 2minutes until they turns bit crispy..Now add the rolled oats,cardamom powder,ghee to the almost cooked halwa and cook again for 10minutes until the ghee get separates (stir in between)..
We start out with four journalists (Bill Hader, Kenan Thompson, Jay Pharaoh, Taran Killam) expressing their mutual adoration of Jeremy Lin by doing terrible puns with his surname, just like your dime-a-dozen local sports anchor. This could have been the entire sketch, and I would have been satisfied that it made fun of how terrible some of today’s smug sports “journalists” are.
Step 1. Sand until the paint is gone.
First, line a 9 x 12 pan with wax or parchment paper, and brush the bottom and sides with vegetable oil. Set it aside.
Dead Heat is the latest novel from Bronwyn Parry and it had been on my radar for a little while. I’d seen some good reviews and I do love a good suspenseful mystery. When I finally got my hands on it by way of my local library, I was definitely not disappointed. Dead Heat opens with a bang with Jo discovering the body of a dead man that, they later discover, has been tortured horribly before finally being shot.
Mark speaks of three apparitions: The first, when He appeared to Mary Magdalene; the second, when He appeared to His two disciples, who went to Emmaus; and the third, when He appeared to His eleven disciples, whom He reproaches for their incredulity.
In an attempt to polish Islam's image, muslim activists usually quote verses from the Koran that were written in the early days of the Islamic movement, while Mohammed lived in Mecca. Those passages make Islam appear loving and harmless because they call for love, peace and patience. Such is a deception. The activists fail to tell gullible people that such verses, though still in the Koran, were nullified, abrogated, rendered void by later passages that incite killing, decapitations, maiming, terrorism and religious intolerance. The latter verses were penned while Mohammed’s headquarters was based in Medina.
And here is mummy duck herself, what a clever girl she is!
In agreement with the Supreme Court ruling on June 3, 1993, Janet Reno ordered the Delta Force and Navy Seals to Switzerland, England, and Israel to recapture trillions of dollars of gold stolen by the Federal Reserve System from the strategic gold reserves. These nations cooperated with the raid because they were promised their debts owed to the United States would be canceled and because the people who stole the money from the United States also stole money from their nations as well.
other GOP presidential candidates have seen their fortunes wax and wane with voters, Ron Paul has enjoyed steadfast, if relatively low level, support from an obsessively loyal base of backers. But if his long-shot bid falls short, his supporters may balk at throwing their votes to a rival."
He knows nothing about black hair. He doesnt even know what a weave is. Heck, he knows nothing about hair in general. He washes his own hair with a regular bar of soap. Im not talking about chagrin valley im talking irish springs or dove.
Meanwhile, here are a few great posts from around the web...
Once Wonder Boy got old enough to drag along, I started taking him to everything -- and I mean, everything -- that was remotely "kid-friendly" just so I could get my movie theatre fix.
Then beat at high speed 6-8 minutes or till stiff peaks form.
‘Butter’ by Adnan Mahmutovic
I quite enjoyed it as a News Bulletin and it made me wonder whether it was just the novelty of a different take on the days events that had me so impressed or is BBC Scotland really just a parochial wee sideshow with no interest beyond the Old Firm and what Labour have to say about the SNP?
This past two weeks I’ve been experiencing a sort of reading frenzy. Here are some of the books I’ve read. I’ve added a rating as well.
The 80mm lens and the film Ilford Delta 100.
“Those people in New York are not gonna change me none.”
just a month ago at parity with the Rand, it was a desperate move by the
In another sense, however, Farred’s remarks reveal a mind preconditioned to see racism everywhere, even where it clearly doesn’t exist. This is, after all, a professor who produced a 95-page essay claiming that something that occurs every day in the NBA—a coach complaining about fouls called on his best player—actually showed how the “NBA is once again fraught with the ghostly presence of race, now refracted through the Asian body.” (p. 15)
A BEAUTIFUL Holy Thursday mass
If ever you need a word of encouragement in return - well, I'm yer girl :)
In many fields, professionals say you need to log 10,000 hours to become an expert. For new teachers, that can take about five years, and those first five years are often the most challenging…. Read the full story here.
I am worthless at night. Night is the absolute worst. Kevin is my hero and for the past 4 months taken care of me, the girls & the house. So thankful for him.
It can only mean one thing...it's the last day of the SXSW and time for the Saturday preview.
My mother has this saying she uses when a person is unwittingly showing his or her true colours: “ahhhhh (insert name) yuh petticoat showing!”
I took these photos yesterday of Miss Pearl and some sunflowers.
A good example is the current debate about whether oil companies should receive tax subsidies. President Obama favored cutting off these subsidies because these companies made millions in profits last year. That is, they don’t need the corporate welfare of the state in order to survive in the free market. Republican, on the other hand, argued for continuing the corporate welfare of these companies, advocating an inherently protectionist or interventionist approach to the market. On this issue, the parties switched: Obama supported a free market measure where Republicans advocated a position that was inherently interventionist (and thus in their own parlance, big government). No one has really noted this change whatsoever. It makes sense, however. It’s like 1984, where Republicans advocated Keynsian growth while Democrats advocated for fiscal conservatism. If both parties are dominated by business interests, then it is just a means of revealing the shifting business interests and needs. This is why I think that the liberal-conservative divide is a red herring because it means we don’t notice the ways in which our party system is united.
Finally, in this week (and it's only Tuesday!) of looking back, I am celebrating Joe Polin, a former student, whose beautiful essay was published in the Pennsylvania Gazette last year. Joe is coming to class with editor Trey Popp to talk about how an assignment becomes a story becomes a submission becomes an edited final piece.
I am so happy that I followed my heart in that moment, rather than what I thought I 'should' do, or what someone else expected me to do. I looked at my child. It was simple to know what to do. *Listen* to him. *Honor* him. Right then, right there.
And we installed a new fan! Woo Hoo!!
I evaded her gaze by sweeping
“mummy, you know at nursery?, you know the door that’s blue on one side, the side for sitting, and white on the other side, the side for waiting , and there is a red door before that, that is red in the side not for sitting too, is that one after the green door?”
2.Spinach - 2 cups
Christmas Shoplifting
No, you are not a politician.
8 word (or less) travel mantra…
You can check out the full story about Olly Cromwell, the Bexleyheath councillors and the latest updates on #c*ntgate HERE. And, if you should be reading this Olly, I’m stunned at the outcome so you must be feeling like you’re leaving in an absolute nightmare.
I hope you can take the time to stop at Cardabilities to play in their challenge...and don't forget to see the interpretations of this sketch from the Dreamweaver Dream Team too...their blog links are on the right hand sidebar.
Can you guess what that is children?
If the person in question must lose some weight, in order to reach her/his healthy weight, it is a healthy option for her/him to choose a long term weight loss program, which causes loss of the body’s fat, while preserving the muscles mass. To obtain this successfully, she/he must control her/his appetite, by eating when he/she is physically hungry, cutting the saturated and hydrogenated fats by 20 to 25% of the total of the intake calories, but not the unsaturated fats; the carbohydrate intake must be cut between 10 to 20% of the total of intake calories, but not more, as it may causes side effects; the proteins must be increased by 1.6gr per each kg of body’s weight.
Marge lived in a little flat connected to the Lime Grove hostel: one of West London's major drug wash-up shores. Most addicts in the borough would end up being filtered through there at some point or other. And it wasn't a bad deal: free board and food and a cell check twice a day! It was packed to the tiles with mostly long term, mentally ill addicts who'd wash their smack down with Tenants Super and whatever downers or sleepers their stench had forced the local GP to prescribe them. Marge wasn't in the hostel proper but had somehow managed to wrangle one of the permanent flats on its premises. That was kinda like everyone's dream in those days: to get one of the self-sufficient Lime Grove flats. They were the after-junk-life paradise offered up by the God of the Hostel. The only catch was that to get one you had to be either sober or dying, and that's why for there only being five flats up for grabs the hostel was able to 'permanently' rehouse 50 people a year. That its success was based on its rate of eviction no-one seemed to care about. Housing and evicting fifty people were better statistics than housing only five. Anyway, these little apartments sat just below, down where all the hostel residents could see and drool over them. There were no throw out times, no bars on the windows, no sign-in desk. It was freedom for the lucky few; a place to secretly kill yourself in peace. Only for the lucky few who had ascended to Hostel Heaven it wasn't so much a paradise as an open hell: a den of addicts all cohabiting and thieving off each other. As everyone had once dreamt of getting out the hostel now they dreamt the same of this place. Only this was permanent and there were only two ways out, and neither was a very attractive proposition. So it was a dream turned to shit, and this is where Marge lived and where I knocked him up that bright autumn Sunday afternoon.
Boston/City-Year – I spent the bulk of my time at Northeastern University’s International Village dormitory. Although most of my time was spent in workshops or with colleagues – we did get to visit a little. I was able to steal away with a friend of mine one night and visited Harvard’s campus and ate a japanese-fusion place with great outdoor seating and drinks!
Now, the Spouse Sparrow is quite shy and modest, and blushes easily. It's taken quite a lot of totty being thrown at him, and me harping on about it, before he even realized what was up. And now this, with Dr. DeVil, on top of it all.
I feel as though the breath has been knocked out of me and I am gasping, just waiting for it to return.
From the parking area head in SW direction across the slickrock to the rim of the canyon. From there, follow the carins toward the rock ledge and look for a boulder near the edge of the canyon rim- you will enter the canyon by passing between the boulder and the wall of the canyon. The hike is about 1/2 mile round-trip.
*No warfare between Israel and Iran, at least not until November.
Overall, if you don't know anything about being a bike messenger I imagine this book would be illuminating. Even considering all the boring parts and the author's blatant self-absorption, I'm glad to have read it. But as a rabid biker and ex-messenger myself, I expected a broader scope, and a much more detailed look at the issues of biking in today's American cities.
until my toes point to the ceiling my two legs as one
Vern’s days of major chart success were about over by the time Nickels and Dimes and Love was released in March 1993, not surprisingly for an artist 58 years old. Although the hits had largely stopped, the excellent recordings continued in abundance. This album has a little different history behind it than Vern’s other Columbia releases as producer Rick Hall took Vern to Muscle Shoals, Alabama, to record this album.
-A sextant
Okay, you can have your laugh for the day over this one. A friend introduced me to Steampunk about a month ago and it intrigued me to the point that I was willing to "take it on" and step out of my box. So I gathered all my fun stuff and started creating this 12 block shadow box (felt more like a 12-step program if you get my drift).
-Sets of images from two more currently unposted weddings (both of which encompassed my past two weekends!)
My Thoughts: This book was incredibley intense. Fallon has written a wonderful set of short stories about life on Fort Hood and in Iraq. There are stories from the point of view of army wives and some from the point of view of the men returning. The stories are heart-breaking, horrifying and some leave you feeling like you have just been punched in the stomach. The stories sucked me in and made me feel like I knew these characters. I liked that, even though this was a set of individual stories, some of the characters from one story would make an appearance in another story. It was interesting to see how all these peoples' lives were intertwined and there was a definite sense of family among the people living on the base. I normally am not a fan of short story collections but this is definitely one of the best books I have read this year. 5 stars.
Well, the soup was enjoyed by all. One of many things I'm thankful for. But, what will we have tomorrow?
I saw a link to Air B+B in an Apartment Therapy post back in March. I had never heard of it before, but thought it seemed pretty cool. I’ve been a host with US Servas for several years (an international home stay group), but hardly ever get any visitors. I love being a hostess, and I’ve really enjoyed being a host and a traveler with Servas, so I thought I’d sign up to Air B+B and see what happened. (Another difference is that I pay to be a host with Servas and get no fee from travellers, but with Air B+B, people actually pay to stay in my house — crazy!).
Not exactly what you were dreaming of.
go home with a lovely keepsake that will be ready to just add your photos to and it’s sure to be
The movie proved that a comic book source material can be treated seriously and without a tongue in cheek attitude towards anything out of the ordinary, resulting in a dark and highly entertaining piece of comic book cinema. The script was respectful to the source material, but added elements such as Kristofferson’s character Whistler, and elements of Blade’s struggle with what he is, that helped to make the story work in a cinematic context. The movie successfully made almost three times it’s budget of $45 million in the world box office, establishing the character enough to spawn two further movies and a tv-series spin-off.
“I then asked what considerations determined her attitude to pictures in general, and she relied with equal sincerity that they were, of course, considerations of aesthetic quality – “composition, colour, harmony, power, what have you.” She honestly believed to be guided by purely aesthetic value-judgements based on those qualities; but if that was the case, since the qualities of the picture had not changed, how could her attitude to it have changed?”
BRIAN JONESTOWN MASSACRE - Aufheben
immense growth in internet use
Downward Spiral
Sure, it’s always situational — there are demanding people and there are people who genuinely don’t have two minutes to themselves. But I’m not the former and The MBA isn’t the latter. If he wanted it more, things might be different, regardless of his hectic lifestyle.
The symbol of newness,
5. Make sure to provide a valid email address with your entry so that you can be easily reached.
If you missed it, I'm hosting this amazing giveaway right now! You can go check out details about how to enter HERE!
Then, early this summer, the creeping voice became too loud to ignore. It forced me to face facts: I’m a single mom. I’m saddled with student loan debt. I desperately need to devote more time to income-providing activities, not less. I live in a foreign country and have no family to help out. And…I’m only one human.
But even that, as sweet as it sounds, doesn't always deflect the criticisms. When they do come, there are a number of ways a parent can respond. Some parents choose the "fuck you" approach. In practical terms, this often takes the form of "my choices are not up for discussion, and if that doesn't work for you then stay away." That's an okay approach for as far as it gets you, which is often to a place of hurt, conflict, an negativity. I have always resisted this approach, based on something my Dad told me when I was very young: when you wrestle with a pig, the pig has a blast and you just get crap all over yourself. Nothing joyful or productive about that.
You can hear Meigs Creek before you actually get to it, and it's a typically gorgeous little mountain creek. Lots of rocks and little pools, with the banks overhung with rhododendron & hemlock (although sadly many of the hemlocks are dead or dying from the Hemlock Wooly Adelgid infestation). There are no bridges across the creek, and I counted 18 crossings ranging from around 8 feet across to less than 2 feet. But the water was low today and there was no problem rock hopping.
** you will need to bring 3x 8’’ + 2x 6’’ mud cakes** recipe will be provided
A disappointing training day. With the broken treadmill my highly motivating wife suggested we go to a gym, and we found one in Celebrity Fitness, a chain of gyms with an outlet in Mid Valley Megamall, a 10 minute drive from the house and a building full of distractions for Amanda, Emily and Emily’s Grandpa, who volunteered as chauffeur and local guide.
But the opposition is also deeply sceptical Assad will carry it out, believing he has accepted the plan just to win time while his forces continue their assault to crush the uprising.
Hoping to share some pictures from this weekend's show either this weekend if I have time or sometime next week. For now, Mahalo for stopping by! Hope you all have a fabulous Friday!
So what does a "Mother of the Bride" do when it is approximately six months before her daughter's wedding and she is not happy with her appearance? She joins a gym to workout a couple of hours every day and she goes on a low fat diet consisting primarily of vegetables. At least that is what I am doing, and why I was happy to see this recipe for Sweet Potato and Lentil Soup in the December, 2011 issue of the Food Network Magazine. The ingredients of sweet potatoes, carrots, leeks, and red lentils, seasoned with fresh ginger and curry, sounded very appealing to me, and the approximate 257 calories a serving was a definite plus!
View from the south.
For the kingdom, the power, and the glory are yours,
Other upgrades include a Magnetic Stir Plate and other miscellaneous equipment for yeast storage and propogation. For 10 gallons of wort, you need a lot of yeast!! Just ask Mr. Malty!
I think the ultimate balance is being able to do what you love for work, designating time to spend with the people important to you, and enjoying the journey that is made up of every minute of every day of your life.
Judah's book turned out hilarious. Here are some sample questions:
Relief. The strange dog was behind the factory fence, unable to do harm. I put down my aggrieved little dog and we continued our walk, the strange dog still barking behind us in the night.
Basically, he's no longer a little boy. He's still young, but he's bursting at the seams to be all grown up and is doing a fine job of it.
Header Photo Collage Posts:
Elements of the ending were certainly inspired by 2001: A Space Odyssey. The Star Child in 2001 and the godlike boy at the finale of Mass Effect 3 are definitely artistically tied. However, the god child is not the object or result of the game as it is in Kubric's and Clarke's masterpiece. In 2001, the Star Child is the object of David Bowman's surrealistic and abstract journey--the unknown, unseen, and incredibly highly evolved entities evolve Bowman into something more similar to themselves. The protagonist is humanity as a whole and the objective for Clarke and Kubric is to demonstrate our future and our evolution into something greater.
Common problems with inhaler devices
I started off writing some comedy sketches for my theatre company - which mostly involved boys dressed up as girls. I then embarked on a long and complex novel about the first two years I lived in Israel. It was for a slightly older audience than Phoebe and I very naively sort of wrote it and sent it off convinced it would be fought over at some huge auction and then published to critical acclaim!!! In the event one publisher was interested in it and while they held on to it for quite a long time it was eventually turned down. It was a great learning experience but when I think about it now I cringe!
....I ask you, do we weally want a man as a first wady? That just isn't wight! You think Hilwawey has ugwy fat ankles and calves? We don't need to see him in a dwess, do we? I guess she thinks it might make her wook better. Ha-ha-ha! Well, it's funny in Mr. Bush's Neighborhood!
The peach tree my son in law planted when they first moved here three years ago is always good for a few nice shots. It is also a good source for some fun family memories. After capturing a few shots from various angles I was distracted by the beauty of the sky.
Anyway.
They don't even have a pony in this race.
Bright Spots:
Some of you have read my haiku posts in this blog and have become fairly well-acquainted with haiku. Our Haikufest will give you the opportunity to raise questions about the form to our members. And, in the final segment, you can enter our audience haiku contest. (Society members are excluded from this). First, Second, and Third place winners will each receive a copy of Frogpond, our Society’s book-length journal. It not only contains haiku and related forms, but insightful essays.
That's right. We are finally potty training Andrew!!!
We'll hit the bookstore afterwards and have dinner out at Pip's favorite restaurant.
"I'm sure we can make room," I reply.
I have given and given and I will always receive what I need, but not always from those I have given to. If I truly believe that giving is a circle, like everything else in life, then I have to believe that those who were helped by money I gave them have helped or will help others in return.
While we certainly affirm the value of leading bible studies, it seems that at the root of this man’s discontent was not wrong activity, but wrong understanding. He (and the conference organisers) had undersold the value of the world. They failed to realise that this man’s primary witness to the world is given as a carpenter. As this man works skilfully with wood, making joints and splitting the pencil line with a saw cut, he calls attention to Christ’s powerful and creative reign. He advertises Christ’s Lordship as he relates to other tradesman in a way that challenges idols of selfishness, sensuality and individualism. And as he works, the words of his mouth and the shape of his life witness to the cross and resurrection.
May 2
Lastly, I’m told that I will need to wear woman’s clothing, preferably a dress.
There are millions of Vietnamese adults living in the U.S., and as American citizens, we all have the vote. If we show the politicians that we are united, they will listen to what we have to say. It does not have to be Barack Obama that we are calling upon. If our voice is strong enough, other candidates will come to us, instead of the other way around. It is not out of the question for Governor Mitt Romney to throw is support behind us if we are willing to reciprocate with our votes.
~EFG Staff
I originally meant this to be more or less a space dungeon for the characters to crawl around in, and it was, but in the end I mostly focused on combat encounters. The party had fun in the previous game fighting zombie hordes and a couple mutated monsters, but in this session it was time to face Sinaes and his hideious apprentices. Good thing we had a full group that session.
The upcountry is beautiful…
It's interesting that even though I have been through so much, and I know how suddenly life can change, I can still get caught up in the day to day craziness of life, without realizing that I am failing to stop, and take time to enjoy all of it! So as I come up on this milestone anniversary, I am taking some time to reflect, and take stock of my life now. I am so grateful for my good health. I will re-focus, and make adjustments, where my life is out of balance.
Oh... my... goodness!
I don't know if it's because I'm older and have more experience, or because of the miscarriages or whatever, but I worry so much. Billy is still completely breastfed, which I'm delighted about as his two older brothers were only fed like this for three short weeks. Billy has five teeth and yet he doesn't show any interest in eating anything solid!! I've tried offering various bits from my plate and he'll have a little taste and then does a dramatic shudder which makes us laugh and lets us know exactly what he thinks of my cooking!! He sleeps very well, usually nodding off around 10pm and not waking till around 5am or sometimes 6am for his feed. And he's growing, growing, growing!! Maybe his little body is putting all it's energy into growing and the toe-touching, rolling and sitting will all come later. Maybe he just plain doesn't WANT to touch his toes!!! It's now that I miss not having a mother figure to turn to. Someone to say, "He's fine, he's beautiful, you're doing a great job. Relax.". When my children have babies of their own, I want to be there for that. So, I just cuddle him lots and lots and everywhere I go, Billy goes too. He LOVED B&Q!! Ok, maybe I exaggerate, but he certainly liked sitting in the sling and watching me humping bags of compost into the trolley. He smiles. He laughs. He's happy. Does anyone else worry as much as I do?
Investors focused on Greece’s fiscal woes for much of the three months. As agreement on a second bailout package for the troubled country grew more certain, market sentiment and share prices focused on the positive. An infusion of liquidity by the European Central Bank also helped stocks, particularly the financials sector, by ensuring that banks would not run out of cash over the near term. Germany, Europe’s largest economy, was among the better performers with its best first quarter since 1998.
An incredulous Sir Anthony replied: “You are described as the world’s most famous atheist.”
We need help...
Sure there are oodles of skills to learn to be a great leader — and I love diving into those ‘buckets’ — but my message is: we all have a leader within. Own and hone your leadership and you will have a greater chance of leading/living your life by design and not default. Now who wouldn’t want that!?
I've been itching to play along, but mostly I just want to go look at what everyone else has to share that's "garden themed." The snow here's pretty and all, but sometimes, enough is enough.
Called me to dream and co-labor with you
"I not destructor, I J..." (he ripped a book cover off a book, so I called him destructor)
the rest, chalked up to an unnerving sense of invasion. and a breach of trust.
Sep 21, 2011 1,015 Pageviews
PROVERBS 8:13
Loosely cast on 100 stitches. Place marker & join for working in the round being careful not to twist stitches.
As a result of taking down Cecilia, however, Ichika gains yet another girl who takes an interest in him much to Houki’s annoyance since she’s clearly never stopped thinking about him. Then a new transfer student from China arrives, she is Rin Fan who also happens to be a childhood friend since their junior high days. Rin also happens to be in love with Ichika and that fact is obvious from the minute she greets him. However, Rin is rather upset that a totally oblivious Ichika didn’t get the meaning behind a promise he made her a long time ago. As a result, they battle it out using there is when an unidentified rogue IS appears and both Rin and Ichika must work together to stop it.
DISTANCE LEARNING INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGNER for the Skill Up Network (SUN) grant funded program
Nor, is the conflict between the interests of workers and the State restricted to just the Capitalist State. In the early 1920's there was a major dispute between Lenin and Trotsky over the question of the Trades Unions precisely on this question. (see: Lenin - The trade unions,
Lavender
Pattern Suits, with the Laces and Buttons, may be seen at the Admiralty-Office.
Earrings- Matrix Earrings- The Pink Bandaid
Took today off. My 2-year old is cranky and still sick and slept from 6pm last night till 5 this morning. I didn't go to bed last night until after midnight so I am tired. I took the day off and brought her late to the daycare after the * TV episode * this morning.
A year earlier, she lamented a "witch-hunt" against Muslim groups in America. "There is a concerted effort to silence, you know, institution building among Muslims. And the way to do it is malign these groups" such as CAIR and the Islamic Society of North America (ISNA), she told a Religious Newswriters Association conference in Washington.
I won’t lie, it comes in handy. I rarely ever get anti-gay slurs thrown at me. I can stay in the closet in certain situations. I can go out with my girly girls and not stick out like a sore thumb. No one expects me to be able to handle a screw driver.
Chris is a product director at a publisher called Shadow Mountain. Lisa is the Acquisitions Editor there. Shadow Mountain had recently delved into the national fantasy market for middle readers and young adults, finding a lot of success, including the New York Times Bestseller list, paperback sales to Simon & Schuster, movie rights, etc.
Posey Osterhagen is not a hottie. She’s about 107 pounds soaking wet, with a cow-lick that refuses to be tamed, and a complete inability to dress like a girl. This is a slight improvement over her high school self. Now, no need to feel sorry for Posey. She’s a completely happy, business-owning, big dog loving woman who has had a wonderful childhood and is still surrounded by a loving family and group of friends.
My ‘audition’ will be on April 8, and until then, I will be practicing every day, multiple times a day.
Inverted classroom, where first contact with materials students are studying electronically prior to class and come prepared to be engaged in more intense activities. Instructors monitor to determine where students are struggling, so this learning dashboard allows instructors to focus on target areas that need elaboration and reinforcement.
What are the implications that values are “caught not taught”?
And then there's the midden - the garden shed in all it's glory. I should have cleared it before doing anything else. I seem to spend a lot of time wading in looking for things. I noted in passing that Elaine at Rosebank Ramblings seemed to be in the same position with her greenhouse. But Elaine has tidied hers up! I partly put up the photos on this post to shame me into doing something about it.
"We" (ie Bean) drive to Durham - we get drunk with 2 brother watching Star Wars on video.
Are you able to make time for personal stitching?
Ode to an Ancient Stone
Read and annotate chapters 13-15 of The Scarlet Letter. There will be a quiz on Wednesday on chapters 7-15.
A knife, a father's throat had mangled,
Some of our design team members will also be offering prizes on their blogs so be sure to visit each stop along the way and enter your comments.
But compare this with the capture and subsequent trial of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein. Saddam was convicted and executed. By contrast, Gadhafi was murdered in cold blood by a roving band of undisciplined, screaming thugs with AKs and pistols.
born: 1791
This is my first entry - I think I am doing two - and she is just Gorjuss!! The background paper is from My Craft Studio Walk in Wonderland, which I printed twice, once with and once without Gorjuss, and cut out the bubble with her on to decoupage. I put two strips of narrow DST following the lines on the paper, then sprinkled Glamour Dust over it. She, of course, is coloured with ProMarkers, as is the gold brad in the middle of the flower.
It was only later, when we came home that it dawned fully on me, how silly I had been… all the pains and ‘ifs’ came out… what if you were there by yourself, what if it had been Paul, could I have pulled him out? What if he had NOT been able to reach me?
It wasn't long enough, but I'll take what I can get!
Pep Guardiola, as Barcelona head coach, won a major trophy every 18 games. Yep, you may have to read that again. A major trophy every 18 games. He created a squad of world-class players that played with one mentality, keep possession. Your opponents can’t score if they don’t have the ball but what if they do? Easy, Pep told his players they had 6 seconds to get the ball back and more often than not, because of high defensive pressure all over the pitch, they would.
Kind of like everything else, I make it up as I go:
Mr. W. THORNE Does the right hon. Gentleman think that if there was any possible chance of Wells beating Johnson there would have been any talk about the matter?
under a heat wave
But even though I’m no car mechanic, I do know this: I can’t take pieces of my car out of the hood. No, no, no. I can get away with taking out a few things like those little floor carpets or the antennae or glove compartment, but I cannot take things away from under the hood. Big no-no.
The second subject was the Bande à Bonnot, a Belle Epoque anarchist group who were the first ever to use an automobile to escape from the scene of a crime. With the help of mug shots of the gang members and short film sequences on her laptop, Sylvanie de Lutèce rattled off the tale until the final, inevitable, sticky end of the gang.
No arrests have yet been made in the Daffeu killing.
Happy New Year (two weeks later)! How are everyone's New Years Resolutions going? Tired of salads yet? Thinking of giving up on that diet? DON'T! You can do it. This salad keeps it healthy, but packs a big flavor punch. If you want to be even healthier, leave out the prosciutto and goat cheese, it is still really good!
21B. CHRISTMAS/WINTER SPECIALTY SPICED BEER
Laura Munson first became famous for her emotionally-charged essay, Those Aren’t Fighting Words, Dear, which was published in The New York Times Modern Love section. The New York Times site crashed because of the overload of comments the essay brought in. You have to click over and read this essay after you’re done commenting here. It’s … I don’t even have the words to tell you how much of an impact it will have on you. It’s THAT powerful.
Cody decides to make omelets for lunch. Austen is not far behind.
Other markings include: a "Cinelli Equipe" decal on down-tube
“When we started this we didn’t realise we would hit such a nerve with journalists and readers up and down the country.
Back to my point – the gods are many, they are each unique and independent of one another they do not rely on and are largely unaffected by humanity. We cannot alter or influence the gods if they do not wish it, we are not gods, cannot be, will not be.
Of course, the world of health care presents plenty of legitimate hurdles to such connectivity, including privacy and security. And that forms the heart of the dilemma: Physicians, practices and health care organizations generally say that, for those reasons, they can’t engage in e-communications with their patients. But some physicians do, if only on such small matters as appointment reminders. Others go further, by providing Web sites with health tips and wellness information or offering online appointment scheduling.
Apple Cider Vinegar*
Chorus
(Morning Walk — June 7, 1976, Los Angeles)
5) Stay tuned to Yesternight's Voyage this month for a mad treasure hunt (later on) that will connect all the participating blogs.
And the same for your comments on indigenes. You implied that they were savages and infested with fungal diseases, then said you had no beef with them. Case closed. What do they want? A formal apology? Again?
The reason we offer a lower tax rate for investment is that it is good for the economy and society as a whole. Already the tax rate for companies is the highest in the world and the tax rate for investment is the highest in the world so actually we are hurting ourselves when we claim it is not fair for millionaires to pay a lower tax rate. They already paid the higher rate when they actually worked and earned that money now they are only investing it instead of hoarding it like Scrooge McDuck.
The Facebook session focused on three things to do right now to grow your Facebook fan page. All of them were fairly easy, and I have to admit that I need to work on my Facebook page. (You do all at least like my page, right?) And no, I haven't implemented anything since I got back from Blissdom, much to my chagrin. Unfortunately, I've been under the weather since I got back, so I'm lucky just to start getting caught up on laundry!
WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT?
The denim came home with me, and I decided to go ahead and cut out McCall's 6279:
Lost Abbey Judgement Day
The bread itself is quite heavy, by which I mean by weight rather than texture. On average a loaf weighs an amazing 2.5 pounds, over 1.2kg! Despite this, it wasn’t dense, chewy or hard going, but surprisingly soft, moist and springy.
I am not depressed. I may be strung out and have a very short fuse at times, but I am not depressed
The information was corroborated by two independent sources with direct knowledge of Malema’s affairs.
Rifle barrels protruded menacingly from one of these vehicles as motorists scrambled to get out of the way.
But man oh man, if this does catch on, I can't wait to see the trading cards.
There’s loads of choice for the expert panel, how about blowing a load of license fee money on bringing Dame Julie Andrews over. She originally played Eliza and was controversially overlooked for the film when Audrey Hepburn got the role. Having Julie (the original Eliza) would help to dispel the default preference for Audrey lookalikes.
I contemplated one of its many lines.
Method for Lemon Curd Filling
- In Florida, unmarried women who parachute on Sundays can be jailed.
PK-758 Wide Eyed and Bushy Tailed - 1-1/8" Set
and ta-da you got a tubular outfit.
I scheduled a notary to meet me at the hospital today at visiting hours, which starts at 2 pm. I'm going to call over to the hospital at noon to make sure that Mom is in a state where she can deal with this. I've specifically avoided calling the social worker because I can't take another road block.
HP) Having to think about money.
I don't know about you but i have to admit i loathe V-day...yes despicable i know but i do...as a matter of fact i am cringing to have to acknowledge this silly holiday or whatever you call it...but alas...alot of people like so i shall roll with it. :)
The Statue of Liberty stands in Upper New York Bay as an icon to American freedom. Within the context of the United States, for many, New York City stands as a place to chase their dreams and also to exercise freedom to express themselves in any manner they choose without fear of ostracism. Here, New Yorkers are extremely tolerant, even embracing and nurturing eccentricities that elsewhere would be untenable. In the case where behaviors are even technically illegal but benign, laws are often not enforced.
of My eternal essence,
Is embracing fully all of ones desires the “dangerous method”? Carl Jung has a brief encounter with renegade psychologist, Otto Gross (Vincent Cassel), whose own philosophy of life is simply if the mind, heart, or flesh desires it act on it. He says this as one who has impregnated multiple women all of which he has abandoned. In the end, Jung’s relationship with Sabina isn’t freeing, but constricting. The immediate feelings of immense pleasure go away and the affair has ugly, dangerous ramifications on both Sabina and Jung’s life.
Bara no Nai Hanaya
7 pm Karaoke, DP’s Classic Grille, Sheffield. Free, Contact: 256-383-5295
As sushi master, Jiro is virtuoso/maestro and conductor in one - he lives, breaths and dreams about sushi, and how to constantly take it to the next level of perfection. He instructs his team consisting of his eldest son and apprentices as a conductor leads an orchestra - pushing each through endless repetition, with improvements all along the way to be the best at their craft. Directing each to create the perfect experience for their guests, in their 10-seater space, each and every day. Jiro commands the same respect from his diners - no specialty rolls with gimmicky names, dippings or distractions like appetizers are offered here - his pristine sushi is meant to be eaten as soon as it's served, and his unspoken demand of the diner is exacting: focus on your meal. And Japanese food writer Masuhiro Yamamoto describes a meal with Jiro as like a concerto - there is a fluid progression of movements: you start with the classics, and build towards the subtly inventive, inspired cadenza, leading up to a theme with variations for finale. All in under half an hour - because Jiro runs a tight company.
The dynamics of awakening
And these commitments are fairly modest. A Judicial Committee meets regularly to handle complaints about people’s behavior, and people are expected to serve turns on the committee and testify as needed. Also, Sudbury students are typically expected to do periodic cleaning chores. School governance is overseen by a weekly meeting that reviews the work of the Judicial Committee and considers proposals regarding rules and activities that could affect the normal flow of the day (e.g., field trips, parties, visitors). Then there are clerks and committees to whom much of the school’s business is delegated, along with certification (aimed at ensuring safe, responsible use of school equipment) and age-mixing (Sudbury schools are open to ages roughly corresponding to grades K-12).
What Peter needs most, Lord, is not to grow up and become successful in life, getting into the college of his choice, securing a job that pays six figures, getting married, raising well-behaved kids, and retiring comfortably. What he needs most is the salvation that comes only through the life, death and resurrection of your Son. Save him, God! Make him run away from sin and crawl to the foot of the cross in realization that he deserves only hell because of his rebellion against you. Then, please, lift his head to see the glorious hope of the Savior’s face. Wrap him in the righteousness of Jesus so that he will live in the atmosphere of your grace all of his days, and bring him home to heaven to live in the blissful perfection that your full presence provides.
I will have approximately two hours each day to do readings. Any further venues in Europe where speaking or consulting may be required, please give me notice.
Laura remained still, in the armchair next to the door, just watching, carefully.
Standing in front of her mirror, April pulls the brush through her shiny, blond hair. She sees her bed behind her, with its Strawberry Shortcake Dolls arranged neatly on the pillow. Still looking in the mirror, she moves until she sees the poster of Big Bird.
Although he told me...
This is what Zhang Dali, even with his impartial and straightforward display style, is trying to remind us – that there are two histories, a history of the image and its politics and another history, a true history that becomes difficult to know, only able to be hinted at through reconstructed accounts and speculation. It is almost as though the history of the lie is easier to know that the history of the truth when it comes to images.
Without a Word is Jill Kelly's memoir of her marriage to Jim Kelly, specifically as it was affected by having a severely ill/disabled baby. It came unsolicited, and I decided to give it a try. I knew I'd either like it or it wouldn't wow me. It pretty much wowed me. So I'm almost halfway through. I think I will feature a giveaway on Monday at 5 Minutes for Mom.
An $11 million dollar project funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the Coca-Cola Corporation are employing 50,000 Kenyan and Ugandan smallholders to produce fruit for Minute Maid, a subsidiary for Coca-Cola.
And our moods lie captive to the need.
The best thing about the film is its relative subtlety. When Albert fantasizes about finding a love of his own, he doesn’t want to cease dressing as a man or take a man as a lover. He identifies so absolutely as a man that he indulges in dreams of the little hotel maid Helen (Mia Wasikowska) sitting by his fire and darning his socks — oddly retrograde fantasies, considering that Helen’s not going to be anyone’s little wifey, but queer ones nevertheless. But the film takes its audience so seriously that it doesn’t feel the need to explain. Neither does Pariah need to explain why Lee is both gay and masculine-appearing, or why she wants to wear a strap-on dildo to the lesbian bar. These films let us do that work on our own.
One must give the benefit of the doubt that Brett actually believes what he says. He lived in South Africa, and is much more aware than the Western public about the complexity of the ANC movement.
12. New York Knicks
Although it is deplorably and sickening to think that six farm-related murders have already occurred in South Africa during the first month of 2012, one must bear in mind that the January death-count related to violent crimes, is far higher than this figure. If we had to add to this figure the number of other deaths caused by vehicle accidents, for example, then I’m sure it’s safe to declare that the month of January 2012 was a blood-spattered one.
The country sold EUR 764 m of bonds due 31 January 2017, with a yield at 4.752 percent vs 3.565 percent previously, oversubscribed 3.7 times vs 2.7 previously.
College is ending for me, but I still have a lot to say about my experience while I was here. I hope that you will find COACC exciting, entertaining insightful segment.
We actually have chocolate pecan pie left over.
and it was at this time, Slim met her two best friends ..
Am I missing something?
The gas station attendant leaves his nice, warm store behind, and comes out to pump Michelle's gas. He's played by one of the genre greats, Brad Dourif, much to my delight. I wonder if he'll get to kill any rats or possess any dolls in this one?
Zielhuis GA, Langendam MW, Groenewoud JMM. Fecundabiliteit en beroep: een explorerend epidemiologisch onderzoek. Tijdschr Soc Gezondheidsz 1994; 72: 9-15.
First of all let me say THANK YOU to all that took the time to hop with us on Angelica's birthday!
One of the best pieces of advice given to me blogging wise, was from Jeff Bell aka Stonch. "Forget all that moderation and password stuff. You won't get enough spam or nutcases to make it worthwhile and people don't like it." He was right.*
Amandine’s photobooth was entirely different, actually it wasn’t technically a ‘photobooth’ at all any more. She explains:
with you!!!
Attributes: Force 1, Cunning 4, Wealth 3.
(Yes, it is an American site and the amount to pay is shown in dollars but don't worry everything's done for you. International membership automatically grants you membership to the British Isles Region or any other region local to you.)
a single moving veil in one moment
Way back in December I got this in a Glossy Box. This is, as far as I’m aware, only available from the Nouveau Beauty Group website for £14.99. The price seems to place it in the mid range of the mascara market. I certainly wouldn’t pay that much for a high street brand mascara but it’s less extortionate than higher end brands.
Había una vez una pequeña manzanita, que publicó un vídeo de una música que le gustaba en Facebook y me encantó. Aquí está el vídeo en Youtube.
Yesterday had more to do with our little girl. She had a "I can't breathe, because I'm choking" moment Sunday night/Monday morning which scared her and terrified Mom and Dad. After some reading, we think she was choking on her own spit because she's teething, but whatever the reason, it took a long time to calm her down and I felt a need to sleep in after getting very little sleep that night, and therefore, did not blog.
Angus slowly regains consciousness. His family is by his side. There is no panic, no fear. I have never experienced this before. They are just by his side, holding his hand. Such peace. There is no doubt in anybody’s mind that Angus is about to meet the Lord. The helicopter lands and another paramedic jumps out. Caleb, one of the best paramedics I know and trust.
Oh no,
and when wisdom is there to fill it
Aerodynamic Designer (Future Car Project Leader)
RELEASE DATE: June 22, 2012
I think I've developed a pattern. I eat....wait four months....then post the recipe. Nothing else. I stink as a blogger lately. ;-) My sincerest apologies. In my absence please enjoy the forty billion other blogs who actually make an effort. Life has changed around here in the last year....I would never have guessed 365 days ago that I would own a business...and a business that is CRA-ZEEEEE busy. Feel free to check that out if you like....it's fun.
All this and I hadn't even taken a shot. But that was next. Richard had me kneeling (hard on the poor knees on a wooden floor) with my left foot forward. “The left arm is out for balance, now swing the ball back and release it forward with the thumb at 10 or 11 o'clock. Aim for the second arrow, and don't forget the follow through.” Getting the hang of this 10 or 11 o'clock business was a lot harder than it sounded. Next we tried the one step drill, standing up. “The left knee has to be bent, and you slide into the shot with the right foot skewed behind to keep balance.” I also had to remember what to do with my hands and feet. How could I remember all that?
Welcome to the June Blog Hop! If you haven't started from the beginning, then click HERE to do that. There ARE a couple of surprises along the way! (wink, wink) You'll also get to check out the two brand new MFT Sweet Sixteen members, Barbara and Kathy. Oh, and remember that both of the sets that you will see/have seen on this Hop will be available at midnight tonight!
There are rules which, in my opinion, could be stricter, but I'm a hard woman to please. I love the countryside with a passion and want to protect it, and I'm sure the visitors who grace its environment are lovers of the countryside, too. People spend money in the countryside; apart from farming, tourism is a massive industry that keeps people in work and assists in giving holiday makers a memorable time. The area in which I live is no exception. We rely heavily on the tourism industry to help our economy and it's wonderful to see people enjoying the fresh air and the surrounding area, watching children have a fabulous time and seeing dogs being given their much needed exercise.
The story of this remarkable meeting between faiths and cultures goes back several years, when Radha Vallabha Dasa of ISKCON New York, who is currently working on a documentary on spiritual activism, envisioned a public conversation between Cornel West and the late ISKCON guru Bhakti Tirtha Swami. It made sense: Radha Vallabha admired both, they were both from the same generation, they were both from African American backgrounds and had similar experiences growing up, and they were both influential spiritual leaders.
So this is our fence along the driveway. We put up trellises every year. I planted sweet pea vines a week ago. They have popped up and started. I filled the baskets with pink and purple flowers.plants and vines.
Off to Kyoto (after sneaking tomorrow’s plastic trash into a neighboring apartment’s trash cage)!! Non-burnables, mostly plastic trays, styrophoam (sorry Jake) and cling wrap, are only collected twice a month but they mount up so quickly I couldn’t miss the chance to get rid of it!
but it appears that all that has been taken was excess
On the Danish transmission we don't get commercials, but rather 3 specialists, they call themselves. They analyse the show and winners.
Considering all the insanity occuring in the world right now and always, my piddly shit is nothing. I know this, which is why I never allow a pity party go on for too long. Being appreciative feels a whole lot better than whining like a little bitch – thank you, El Capitan Obvious, but always good to acknowledge. I feel better already, just writing it.
A serving of fruit and a whole grain. Why this dessert could be considered a health food!
I just love Paper Sundaes Challenges and would love a chance to be on their design team so I thought I would give it a shot!! Here are the cards I decided to post for the DT call. Good luck to all who enter!
Spotify Update Brings Pandora-Like Radio Stations – As expected, Spotify on Friday began rolling out a new version of its desktop software for Windows and Mac, adding several new features, including Pandora-like radio stations. Spotify version 0.8.3 allows users to create radio stations based on a particular playlist or album. Users can start a new radio channel from any playlist or album to listen to similar songs. The update also brings a new Instant Search feature that immediately displays search results.
Firstly, peer pressure is not a teen thing. Peer pressure exists among adults, too. The pressure to have the best job, a good spouse, 2.5 kids, etc. Even on a micro level, to do/have certain things that other people in your field do/have.
When I ended the relationship with my ex, the Tina stuff barely had anything to do with it. It was just the tip of the ugly, deceitful, heartbreaking iceberg.
in a pot on the stove & set it on low for about 30 to 45 minutes while I cleaned my house!
Please for the love of God and all things good, PUH-LEEEEEZ!!!…. let me have the rest of my Friday be a REAL Friday, and not a Monday in disguise as a Friday. Because you are so NOT good at going incognito, Monday. I may be going insane because of three kids. But I KNOW for a fact that you are to NOT be here again for another 3 days.
ABV: ???? My guess is around 9 to 10%
is rendered by Hunt as:
today her friend eli asked her, "what is deaf?" and m said, "i'm deaf. when i was born i was born deaf and my ears can't hear and all the kids at my school are deaf and they wear implants or hearing aids like me."
And since I'm so caught up in the story I'm writing, you get a short post today. Sorry guys.
TD Banknorth Garden
Carmen and Done are really good friends and together they have faith for anything: small or great! A while back they were walking in the Somerset Mall together, and at one point arranged to go separate ways for a while.
Having said that, he feels Yoseikan might die a slow death, but will reguvenate as someone else discovers it at a later time. Apparently many students are too closely connected to the teacher rather than the art. In the case of Mochizuki sensei, so called loyal students who loved him and attended faithfully when he was alive, turned away, never to return to the dojo in Shizuoka after he died.
What Are Little Girls Made Of/ Miri/Balance of Terror/Shore Leave/The Galileo Seven/The Squire of Gothos/Arena/Tomorrow is Yesterday/Court Martial/The Return of the Archons/This Side of Paradise/Errand of Mercy/The Alternative Factor/The City on the Edge of Forever/The Changeling/Mirror Mirror/The Trouble with Tribbles/The Ultimate Computer/Bread and Circuses/And the Children Shall Lead
I made no big deal about the test. I didn't make any effort to prepare her or tell her why we were taking the test, other than it might help us decide if we would be homeschooling again next year or not. that's all. No stress. No "GOOD LUCK", no "DO YOUR BEST", no "GO GETTEM TIGER". Nothing like that. She calmly followed the staff into the testing room with a quick smile and a wave over her shoulder as she went. OF course, I was barred from the testing room. Heaven forbid she have any family support.
3. Pass the potatoes through a potato ricer and into a bowl.
Here comes the role strain.
Myth #4 – Introverts don’t like people.
This week’s Flower Soft Sprinkle Challenge (FSC16) – Think Snow!
My husband and I lived in London for a few years so, believe me, I know what I'm missing when it comes to a northern hemisphere Christmas. There's a certain magic about crisp winter evenings, streets strewn with twinkling lights, and chestnuts roasting on every city corner that we simply can't replicate in December, Down Under, hence the ever increasing popularity of the Christmas in July festivities here.
And did those feet in ancient time
At trial, the prosecution called an eye witness to the robbery and shooting, who gave her account of events. The prosecution also introduced confessions from both Petitioner and Dodson.3 After the prosecution rested, both defendants invoked their constitutional right not to testify. The only witness called by either defendant was Dr. Rustico Dizon Garcia, a forensic psychiatrist, who had examined Dodson. Although he was called on Dodson’s behalf, the doctor testified that he had no opinion as to whether Dodson was legally sane, or insane, at the time of the robbery and murder.
Karan located an image of Raja Vikramaditya which I bowed to .. but did not feel was quite right. Not the right place. He then did some more locating and found a place near the lake between Mahakaleshwar and Hari Siddhi Mandir where there was a temple to Vikramaditya. This was the very place I was looking for and waiting to see for so long. I knew it was right as soon as I entered the place. After bowing to Durga Devi and admiring the pictures of the navaratnas of Raja Vikramaditya’s court and bowing to the Guru who had located this place after his narmada parikrama, I finally bowed to Raja Vikramaditya.
Millions of people worldwide are waking up to the fact that they are going to have a blog — no ifs, ands, or buts. That a blog — a personal marketing and communications device — is no longer a luxury. If you expect to stay on the cutting edge of the ‘net, you’re going to be a blog publisher, or else.
I pour out the earth of my mind filled with stones
13. Up In The Air
I had no previous knowledge that this cognitively impaired woman with a limited future lifespan was having such extensive dental surgery. There is much controversy about whether an individual with a prosthetic knee replacement even needs antibiotic prophylaxis with an antibiotic notorious for causing GI distress. There were additionally concerns on my part about the choice of a codeine based narcotic for pain control based on her existing medication list.
Actually, thinking about it, if I go onto Birdsnest.com.au and buy one item from Corporate Mummy, one from Party Granny and one from Playful Active that should come close to my personality today. Then I’ll wear my cut-downs with thongs and a blazer for the office tomorrow because I simply cant find any retailers offering a personality section for ‘Fruitloop Freelancer’.
Poultry also provides iron with a high degree of bioavailability, meaning your body can easily reap its benefits.
Phreak: What? How?
How Can You Improve Your Home?
I also found out about a cool blog called Just Buggin' that has Cricut challenges so I decided to enter my Santa & Sleigh. The challenge (Challenge # 11) is to create something using an animal Cricut cartridge. I think my "Rudolph" fits in to an animal.
1 1/2 teaspoon of cinnamon powder
It is not comparable to the Award glut nowadays. The reason why an Award is given has no connection to a real merit anymore. The main reasons for Awards today are – a reward or return service for booked advertisement space, for booked floor space at exhibitions for getting famous people for promotion or to attract the press and to deliver the right pictures.
Remember Mitchell Graham--real name Mitchell Gross--the writer who set up a fake writing contest in order to promote his debut fantasy novel, and later on--much later--turned out to be a serial con artist? (Victoria blogged about Mitchell a few weeks ago, in connection with his indictment on charges of wire fraud and money laundering for allegedly luring a woman into investing millions of dollars in a phony company.)
I will be the first to tell you that I hate remodeling. Mostly because I hate things being in chaos and it would eventually lead to not having a bathroom in the middle of winter. Utah winters in the past were not kind. You would sometimes have to plow a walkway to the car through 3-4 feet of snow. This year it has been 3-4 inches.
Make the sugar syrup buy putting sugar and water together and allow to boil for about 5 minutes creating a sugar syrup. I think I am going to remove the zest at this point, but I am not sure.
Private medical firms include such treatments with health cash plans and the NHS was thought to spend around £4 million on homeopathy. The British Medical Association (BMA) has urged NHS trusts to stop including this type of treatment in their budgets and instead turn to more clinically-proven forms of treatment.
It stresses me out a lot – even when I am not home. When everything is messy and out of order it makes me feel like my brain is messy and out of order.
Hear me tell you I…forgive.
1 religious
You can hear the angels sing
Thursdays after 6pm - $12 ribs
I took the time to go for a little walk around the site and it’s great to see some of the wonderful plots, It’s amazing just how much the place has changed since early March. Every plot has it’s own personality and you’d be amazed at how many ideas you’ll get and how many people you’ll get chatting to if you walk around. Gardeners seem to be the friendliest bunch, always happy to share some advice, or ask for some when it’s needed. It really is a great community. There was a gazebo on site the other day where they were selling plug plants, they had a great selection, including some unusual varieties. There’s such a great set up on site, the allotment shop has a great selection of all things garden related and the best thing is, all the proceeds go to the Epilepsy Care Foundation so it’s worth buying on site, when possible. You can even buy your shed and they will install it for you. I’m a particular fan of the tea/coffee van that visits every weekend, and last weekend, I spotted an ice cream van on site with a queue of allotmenteers lining up like kids to get their 99′s. I think I’ll stick to my cups of tea for now though, there’s still quite a chill in the air.
Chris H.
I’ve had worse deadlines. I could afford a long bath in our whirlpool tub and a good meal first.
the metallic spray paint is really quite fabulous.
WAU- We all understand
Tiger Okoshi (Main Performer), Mike Stern (Guitar),
We can only measure to discover how much and where.
There are many ways to insult someone’s intelligence. My personal favorite is to answer a dumb question with a lie. Not a sarcastic answer, a total fabrication of truth. I like to see how long it takes for this person to find out the truth. I know that when they do, they will remember the lie I told them, and that is where my gratification comes in. This is, of course, only if I don’t like the person asking the dumb question. It’s never good to lie, unless you really don’t like the person you’re lying to. Then it is only moderately unacceptable.
Level 3 - Triple Layer Chocolate Cake - Buy 11 Get 3 Free
For the rest of this sharing, the only thing that matters is the love of Self. I will not be talking about any exterior sort of love… because that too, is simply illusion.
Never forget, whether you feel like you're sitting on tip of the world or thought the bottom has dropped out of everything, I love you and I care!!!
Man fears man as the chief captain feared the human might of Rome. But it is God that wields the wrath of eternal judgment. We see something of this in Hebrews 9:27.
(2010; Shahrukh Khan, Kajol, Jimmy Shergill, Sonya Jehan; directed by Karan Johar)
I recently finished up a large hospitality project, and I used a contrasting sheer against a light drapery panel and it looked awesome. So I decided to do the same thing in my living room. I found a brown linen with a pattern embroidered on it with twine.
Thank you for calling us to follow You LORD. The path of a disciple is the decision of humble obedience. You can use anyone and yet You have chosen us to be ministers of reconciliation. Help us today to hear Your voice and choose Your purpose above our pursuits. Empower us by Your Holy Spirit to respond as Philip did and follow You with a passion to proclaim You to others. Amen
I am such a bad blogger. It's been way too long since I've written a post. I have been busy though and not just slacking. I have been updating my studio - again, working on dolls and paintings and just life stuff in general.
What a great way to start off the new year! Since My Dreamy Start to 2012 fell through, I decided to spend the day out at the Alameda Point Antiques Faire to do a little treasure hunting. I think it had been almost a year since my last visit, so I took my time and spent almost seven hours walking, shopping, visiting with friends, and eating....a lot of eating.
1 PM Saturday. Last night I was to perform for a room full of grumpy old Jews in Exeter, south Devon. I expected to face sour, smug faces filled with resentment and bitterness of a people who weren’t living where they thought they belonged – in New York or at the very least, north London – and with no respect for me for having been crazy to leave New York and not successful enough for them to have heard of me.
It is fitting that my first review is of Wasatch Beer's Apricot Hefeweizen. It is fitting because many nights when I decide to knock a few back, its this beer that leads the way. The reason is for all of its tastiness, I cannot drink too much of it.
Freudian slip - which has been mocked with the term a 'Freudian slit' or 'what do you call a psychiatrist's petticoat?'
Is it morally wrong to kill people? Not really, argue two eminent American bioethicists in an early online article in the Journal of Medical Ethics. Walter Sinnott-Armstrong, of Duke University, and Franklin G. Miller, of the National Institutes of Health believe that “killing by itself is not morally wrong, although it is still morally wrong to cause total disability”. Skipping ahead to the money quotes:
My lovely wife always tells me,"don't care about them lah" but sometimes I always feel if I don't caution them,the next victim could be my friend,my friend's friend or my friends' children but now to think about it I am no Superhero lah.
Now, more than ever, educators have an opportunity to realize Freire’s vision. By teaching well with digital technologies, faculty can help students connect, collaborate, and create, allowing them to take ownership of their own learning.
Napoleon started spreading lies about Snowball blaming him for everything that went wrong on the farm. When the other animals would question this, they were put down and isolated from the group until they agreed to believe the lies. Eventually, a pack of wild dogs attacked Snowball and drove him away once and for all. From that day forth, when anything broke on the farm or the benefits weren’t trickling down to the animals, it was blamed on Snowball. He was still creating havoc to ruin everything—or so the animals were told.
A. StoryMineMedia is a visual storytelling company. We come from a photojournalism background with a focus on documentary-style video stories. We produce independent projects — stories we are passionate about, and are not necessarily getting paid to tell. And through those projects, hope to attract clients who like our style and see the value of using stories to communicate their message.
I DO! Especially in my romance fiction. There is something so naughty and exciting about a game of truth and dare...or a riveting round of strip poker.
Within 5-7 days, the blisters will dry and scab over and are usually gone within 2-4 weeks. For 4 out of 5 people, they get better without complications. Approximately 1 in 5 people will develop pain which can continue for months or even years after the rash resolves. This condition which we call neuralgia can be debilitating and restrict a person’s quality of life. Rarely, serious complications can occur such as skin infections or scarring, pneumonia, hearing problems, blindness, brain and nerve problems and rarely, death.
Inside sentiment: Not only do you have the best mother-in-law in the world, but you share a birthday with some pretty famous people. (This is a reference to the fact that he shares a birthday with my Mom.) LOL.
Roles are reversed from a traditional tower-defense standpoint, with the aliens defending and the player and his or her team trying to survive the onslaught and delve deeper into the wreckage. Hence, why it is called tower offense.
Katie Puckrik, an eloquent perfume reviewer on YouTube explains how Musc Ravageur is legendary as a ‘man-catcher’ and ‘bird-snatcher’: it makes men come on all wolfish but has women feeling 'Hello Kitty'. From my own sniffs, I agree with her that it has a ‘soft warm monkey business vibe’ infused with a ‘delicious animalic muskiness’. Nevertheless, at £90 a bottle, it was a bit expensive as a writer’s self-gift. So I contented myself with a deep sniff and a little tranche of impregnated cardboard for the Talina research file.
Transgression would also arise if a nation was attacked without first calling them to Islam. Muslims are ordained to call their enemies to Islam before fighting against them. If they refuse, Muslims should call them again to pay Jizya and submit to the laws of Allah (Subhanahu Wa ta’ala). If the enemy refuses again, Muslims should fight them in order that there be no persecution, and the Deen should be for Allah alone. This procedure should be observed, otherwise the limits have been transgressed and, “Allah verily loves not transgressors.”
(We’d passed the canal just before parking; I was able to take a drive-by shot…
I could fight to go back to sleep.
I signed on and besides ink ordered toilet paper, paper towels and other things I can’t live/work without.
"My beautiful, beautiful grandma."
Are you in the habit of forgetting people’s names – pin codes – passwords – telephone numbers or even house numbers? The good news is that now there are several ways to improve your memory. Healthy Living Can Improve Your Memory!
Okay fooligans, here's the scoop. I'm going to try a writing schedule. I'll alternate weeks, 1 week with posts on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and 1 week with posts on Tuesday and Thursday. That way, I'm motivating myself to write and keeping the creative juices flowing. Juices. That is a weird word.
The first two images are my creations using a combination of my photography and digital files from my shop. The sky is the limit...only your imagination limits what you can do with these you print digital files. They are all copyright free and can be altered and cropped to suit your project.
The saving grace was the dessert which was a chocolate and Oreo brownie with coffee ice cream and hot fudge. It was pretty damn good on its own, but what sent it through the stratosphere was the name of it – The Chuck Norris.
But one old man did whisper true,
I figured this would be the opportune time to start my newest weekly blog that will highlight and rank Wyoming’s eight NJCAA Division I men’s basketball teams. The hardwood has been full of excitement through about the first third of the Wyoming college hoops season and this week’s rankings indicate just how close a handful of teams are at the top. There are currently five (more than half) teams in the Cowboy State’s junior college ranks that have already hit double-digits in the win column. And if those teams can stay hot, this may just be one of the most exiting years in Wyoming junior college basketball.
The latest family gossip
Walker made Ten High Bourbon at its Illinois plant. That brand is now made by the Sazerac owned Barton distillery. (Here's a review of Ten High from the pre-Sazerac Barton distillery). Ten High was, and continues to be a budget brand; they distillery also made Walker's Deluxe.
Does Painer apply? Painer was considering the "own intellectual creation" standard for European Law, but common law protection is, arguably, lower (I'd say - almost indisputably).
Listen, time passes.
By six thirty we were both damp and freezing, so we headed back. Ari revealed she’d never seen the BBC show ”Sherlock” which is basically a crime if you’ve been living in London for the past three months. We talked happily of grabbing my blanket and cuddling while watching an episode or two.
I’ll have yr. crucial kisses/
So Many Scallops w N.M $6.00
38 Right-click on the letter button movie clip and select Linkage from the menu.
When I finally found out I was having Maya (a name I had picked out before I even had any children), I was beyond excited. Over the moon. And then when she was born, I remember marveling at how exquisitely female she was. How petite and perfectly formed were her eyelashes, her chubby nose and her full lips. She was so different from her brothers that it instantly quelled the nature vs. nurture debate that I learned in college. No one had to teach her how to be feminine. It was all wrapped up in her being.
Genre Appeal: (7/10) – Lockout works as a lightweight action movie, not really demanding a whole lot out of the viewer, and it’s good to enjoy if you just want something breezy and fun that you don’t have to take seriously. It’s nothing new as far as action movies go, and it’s remarkably simplistic for a sci-fi movie, but if you just want cheesy good fun, this fits the bill.
“Not for a long time.”
To those who drop a line
A few of the things I love about the salon:
Breckenridge Brewery & Pub Agave Wheat
Git - Just an insult.
We've spent the last few weeks prepping the garden for planting, including mulching the rows with wood chips. We lined them with empty feed bags to keep the weeds down, and piled the wood chips on top. It's a little thing, but it makes the garden feel so much nicer. We're going to build a long, narrow chicken run along the back fence as well. Nothing grows that close to the alders anyway, and I'm hoping the birds will keep the forest from encroaching on our little veggie plot.
I somehow managed to figure my way into a sitting position, feeling something like a floating genie, and spied a very old woman, creaking away in an equally-floating rocking chair, serenely knitting a blanket. "Grandma... Rachel?" I asked. Grandma Rachel had been dead for 20 years. This was most definitely a dream, no doubt brought on by all the cold medicine I had taken the night before.
No wonder they are still so heedless of other people's rights and desires. "We know what's best for you". Or "Gemeinnutz vor Eigennutz" as Hitler put it
Come on TA!!!
“Anybody who has been in my classroom could tell you how much I love teaching and how much I love these students, and that should be what matters more than anything in my past,” she said in May 2006.
Since we had so much rain this month, I only got Cole across the river 4 or 5 times. That meant that I had plenty of time to work him on the hill. To start with, I continued to work with him in the arena or walk him up and down the driveway for a few minutes before putting him in his stall after coming up the hill.
So here is my 1st layout with a school pic of my sweet lil' one ...ANISHA...its good to start with a picture taken by a professional!
I have also started assembling a Revell Sopwith Triplane for myself. It's wretched.Worse than the Airfix models (so far) to a similar degree that the Eduard model is better. I have a couple more Revell waiting to be built -- I hope they're not all like this.
Even if I have the main plot thought out as I get to know my characters (quirks, likes, dislikes, appearance, etc.) They will breathe further life into the story as I find out about their own backgrounds and how some of the pieces of their past directly affect how they deal with the unfolding situation they find themselves in. There are times when I’ll find myself boxed in with the storyline like scene that I have no idea where to go with next. Or perhaps I’ve just closed out a scene and I just can’t decide where to go next with the story. I of course know that long-term goal, but the intermediate scenes need more and I have to give the characters something else to do that will be relevant. On these occasions, I’ll go someplace to muse and think.
Harry was hailed as a hero by the American public, rather than a homicidal maniac. People admired the husband who stood up for his wife. They cheered him on during his trial, which was splashed all over the newspapers. It was all everyone could talk about.
Difficulties ...
The layout is Karen's Sweet Sunday Sketch. I took inspiration from her card and ruffled up my ribbon. The puppy, stamped butterfly, and sentiment are from my Penny Black Critter Party set (yes, I love this set and use it a lot....especially that birthday sentiment...hope you're not sick of seeing it). The main image is up on foam tape and Stickles were added for some pretty sparkle. The card measures 4" square.
“I’m here on behalf… no, perhaps I should start more simply. Mr. Doyle, are you acquainted with the scope of the universe?”
Things were looking good, and in May 1981, Woodham Brothers sold the locomotive to Procor (UK) Ltd in Wakefield, and she left as the 125th departure from Barry. After its departure from Woodham Brothers, it took 30 rail enthusiast volunteers 16 to completely rebuild and restore the 5972 to here original, Great Western glory. During this time, new flues and fire brick had to be installed, all the controls and gauges replaced, new driving rods installed and new super heater equipment installed. The 5972 was one of the most complete engines to depart Woodham Brothers, so rebuilding costs were manageable. The GWR 5972 “Olton Hall” debuted to the public as an operating steam locomotive sometime in 1997.
13 A Crime
and I can not sew it up,
Now, four fun writing contests that are happening right now!! And, none of them have an entry fee!
I went to bed, relatively early, with a planned 0300 start to my shift, but a bit after midnight I was awake with the pain from my wrist. I'd hoped it would settle and I'd be able to drive, but no, this was serious. No strength in my grasp and if I held my hand the wrong way or bumped my wrist, the pain would make me gasp.
~If you are interested in trading product in exchange for advertising, please contact me. Something can be worked out, usually, if the items can be reviewed on my channel, included in a giveaway, or used by me personally.
Yes...there are more new sea creatures ready and waiting for paper...soo....off I go!!! Gotta be ready to jazz up the galleries walls with new and wonderful art.
there are intentional moments of song, those moments of thanks and joy for the privilege to live this life God has given me. but, other times, i'm caught off guard, like a kid humming in class too many times, finally called out by the teacher.
The web’s emphasis on list-making has been well documented on the content side. Mashable‘s entire M.O. is to present content as numbered lists (preferably odd numbers). Or should I say, in their article “The Top 7 Ways for Mashable to Present Content,” list-making is #1. They admitted as much in a tongue-in-cheek article a few years back where they outlined how their writers gamed the system.
2 The aim of all political association is the preservation of the natural and imprescriptible rights of man. These rights are liberty, property, security, and resistance to oppression.
Glued to my seat and my wine
A series for younger readers, “I See the Sun”, is a great way to introduce early readers, five to seven years, to the world. The second addition is I See the Sun in Nepal written by Dedie King and illustrated by Judith Inglese ($12.95, Satya House Publications, Hardwick, MA, softcover) It is bilingual, written in English and Nepalese, and it portrays the essential cultural elements of Nepal through the eyes of a child. It is an excellent way to introduce a child to the way the world is made up of different nations, cultures, languages, and such. Coming in 2011 are others in the series devoted to Afghanistan, Russia, and India. The exotic State of Hawaii is the setting for Aloha, Kanani by Lisa Yee ($6.95, American Girl, softcover) that debuted in January, kicking off American Girl’s 25th birthday celebration. Kanani Akina is the 2011 Girl of the Year. She is a warm and cheerful girl, blessed to grow up in Hawaii and sharing the “aloha spirit.” Girls from the middle to later years of elementary school will enjoy this one as Kanani welcomes her cousin from New York, helps to rescue a baby Hawaiian monk seal, or assists older people in her community. Also on the same them from American Girl, is Lend a Hand: Girl-Sized Ways of Helping Others ($9.95, softcover) that offers all kinds of ways to help friends, family, animals, and neighbors for the pre-teen set. You can learn more about it and other titles at www.americangirl.com.
We will know.
Kuntī brings her address to a close with this stunning spontaneous composition.
As the three grew, Larry couldn’t live in comfort knowing that his father has maybe or maybe not survived the battle against the Garden Gnomes. Until one day, a letter came along by Owl, and enclosed in the letter was a golden bracelet which he had to go to the country of Saddam-a-mort to throw into the burning oil wells and destroy. Upon the destruction of this bracelet, the wars of Central Earth would cease, and all the people that are wired by their heads into every outlet in the Pink Flamingos power lines will be freed and allowed to live as normal men of Central Earth, instead of living as a ‘renewable energy source.’
TURKUAZ
And look at her now...
When we first moved in, I worked on Ella's room. It is a much bigger space than her old room so I needed to go to Level 1. I headed straight to Jo-ann's to do so. The home section there is very small, but you can get some neat finds on the cheap. I also knew that Ella's room had a garden fairy vibe so I hit the outdoor and spring section of Jo-ann's. Outdoor garden items make for adorable decorations. Here are some of the details:
This is not friendship. This is people putting up with someone they don’t want around who they know won’t come around if they act like this.
We're still hurting, a well of grief and anger. I am so tired of all this bad luck. There's a limit even for me.
Something funny about this guy is that he told us few time ago he was gonna marry. Daisy told me that for sure there was an ‘engagement kid’ instead of an ‘engagement ring’ besides all this. My answer was ‘maybe they are truly in love’ but this time Daisy was right ))))))
Hopefully your boiling rage at my desertion will subside someday. I would rather enjoy sharing old tales over a mug of ale like we used to. Again, I appreciate the opportunities I have been given here, and wish you much success in the future.
I really liked the way these eye crayons went on; very smooth - gliding on like a dream. They blend out nicely, and once they set they're pretty long lasting.
It has been my observation that Christians who adopt the label of Messianic identify more with the tenets of Judaism than they do with the tenets of Christianity. Many reject the label of Christian altogether and some eventually even convert to Judaism.
-After you repent about lying, do you still feel bad? Or do you trust that God really forgave you?
Print on card stock.
Of white marble.
My life is a hundred times better now. I'm no longer spending a minimum of 70 minutes per day traveling in the car. That's 350 minutes a week, which gives me almost 6 hours a week--24 hours a month--of "Linda time." And because I no longer have to get up at 6:15 a.m. to start the lengthy beautification process to make myself presentable to the world, I don't have to go to bed so damn early. I gain time there as well.
Final Price:$.80 ea wyb 3 after coupon
I’ve always disliked the mantra that you could die tomorrow so live for today, because it makes people not consider consequences and it leads to lonely, small and selfish people. But doing too much to aid the advent of tomorrow is equally poor planning and worrying about whether or not you’re doing enough can undermine the intended effect through stress.
We got to the start early enough that there wasn't a big crowd and I was able to use the toilet and warm up a bit before jumping into my corral. The corrals filled up almost immediately and were more crowded than any race corral I've ever been in. I could count the women around me on one hand and as we crossed the start, we headed out to take the streets of Madrid.
for your support
University of Notre Dame.
I have no idea why they invited me to join them--or maybe I invited myself because that sounds like something I would do--but I'll tell you this, those women taught me more about mothering than any book ever could because between them they had, oh I don't know, a hundred million years of parenting experience and it doesn't get more real than that. Each of them was vivacious and dynamic and interestingly, we met for lunch at a place called, "Smoky Davis" famous for its smoked meat sandwiches.
Thanks again very much to Jay for taking this journey with me–and, in fact, for being the reason that the journey was undertaken!–and for providing all of these wonderful photos (and more!).
A report prepared by the eight-nation Arctic Council released on Monday said, the rising global demand for oil and gas is increasing the activity in the Arctic. The increased activity will enhance the risk of oil spills in the region.
All, I will point out again, in March.
To marrow. To marrow. I love you. Oh marrow.
By simply placing an individual coded CQ badge on your website, blog, or other resources, you can earn credits for orders that are placed through your badge.
She is trying but the canyon’s ever widening
But Le Corbeau ain’t just any old film. This taut, tightly wound 91m film is a despairing and morally complex look at the things that damaged people living in a dangerous time will do. That it is a thinly-veiled examination of the many difficulties of living in Vichy France is the common wisdom today, though that allegorical aspect of the film seems to have initially slipped past the folks at Continental-Film who okayed the film and the censors who allowed its release. So there’s some interesting meta-criticism going on w/r/t the film, in that folks wonder about the morality of taking money from the Nazis, while making a final product that is essentially anti-Nazi. ‘Tis a real head scratcher, that one. But, in the end, for any film of this sort to succeed, it must work at both literal AND allegorical level, and Le Corbeau most certainly does that.
And the second thing is that a couple of people have contacted me to say that they are judges for the folk awards and were very happy to see my blog posts. So I was thinking that if there are any other judges out there who'd like to "out" themselves in the name of transparency - since the BBC and Smooth Operations agree that there has never been anything preventing them from doing this - you could email me here and if there is a decent sized handful I could write a separate post about what the folk awards look like from that point of view.
For most of the Silver Age, DC did not include credits for their stories (although it was not uncommon for artists to sign their work). Indeed, probably the most common credit given was fictitious; the one that identified most Batman stories as being drawn by Bob Kane.
Today we had a little retirement party for my favorite teacher of all time. As one of several former students on the faculty at My Small Town High School, I was requested to offer a little speech to commemorate what she had meant to me.
I asked Santa for a copy of Rocky Horror that Christmas, and he obliged. The cassette was displayed on the mantle above my stocking on Christmas morning, alongside my sister's copy of Heathers. And I sat and I watched it, several times over several weeks. I had a very merry Christmas and a happy New Year.
Not surprisingly, any of Jane Austen’s novels. They have all the magic ingredients of timeless romantic comedy – brilliant plotting, characters we care passionately about, wit and laugh-out-loud humour. And, for me, her attention to language means that I can read her books over and over again, even though I know them so well.
God: “Blessed Be, my Lord / The rite is done, our celebration has reached its end / With great love in my heart you remain / Abundant of energy you sustain / Thank you loving God of happiness and light / I bid thee farewell / Merry Meet, Merry Part, Merry Meet Again / So Mote it Be. (say farewell to each individual goddess”
I already know the response to my criticism but here it goes: Almondine’s pain au chocolat is delicious. Superb, even. Light, flakey pastry, slightly browned and crunchy at the ends. Chewy and moist, it tastes like it was only moments ago pulled from the oven.
However, and sorry to put a bit of dampener on this great beery moment, if I had to say one thing though, it's that a lot of the brewery's descriptions seriously let them down. I swear to god, some of the entry forms had 'bottled beer' or simply 'beer' on them!! Really chaps, if I was writing a report card it would say 'must do better' in big red letters!
14And I looked, and behold a white cloud, and upon the cloud one sat like unto the Son of man, having on his head a golden crown, and in his hand a sharp sickle.
Follow me on Twitter: @Fozzy_MGW
Handmade knit striped scarf is made of best quality kid mohair yarn.This supersoft silky touch , delicate scarf is a must for your wardrobe.This would make the perfect gift for any occasion...You will never feel the weight!
9So Joshua, having come up from Gilgal all night, made a sudden attack on them.
How's that for alliteration? If you read my blog last week, you'll know that it was my first week at my graduate job! It was nerve-wracking, confusing and overwhelming, but really really exciting too. I wasn't given too many tips or restrictions when it comes to attire, with my boss simply stipulating 'it would probably be best to dress how you would for a job interview', but I played it really safe my first week. The first day my makeup was incredibly neutral (and disgusting, I pretty much sweated it all off before I got there because of nerves) and I got a little more adventurous as the week went on. I took cues from the other girl who works there (there are only 2 other people on our team), since she seems to be into makeup too.
Eleesha gave an amazing answer from her automatic-writing to “What Does Get GLOWING mean to you?” at the show’s start. Here’s a short snippet to whet your appetite:
“Someone once asked William Barclay how he had become such a prolific writer. The key, he said, is learning to apply the seat of your pants to the seat of your chair.
Vanessa & a friend are on their way to spend the day!
Clinton Davis, 38, New York, N.Y.
It was intimidating and challenging at the same time to do this character, who was originally created by "you know who".
1 revised
Pharmacists should be as well versed at recommending these alternatives as they are at recommending drug therapy. When possible, less medication is always best.
I actually do have the boyfriend with a talent for photography that is every fashion blogger's dream but as he’s a very busy man I almost always do my own outfit shots. I just can’t bring myself (or have time) to prance around London with a tripod, camera and remote to take forty photos of myself posing like a model as I find it cringingly embarrassing. I'd rather take photos in the privacy of my own home but don’t have a spot I'm happy with to get the images I want. I dislike images produced with flash photography which limits when I can take photos as there is often not enough natural light in cloudy old London even when I go outside.
Here is a card I made to have on hand for Thanksgiving!
1 1/2 teaspoons dried crushed red pepper
Of course, I hate this industrial litter. It's vile. Disgusting. Poisonous. But it's also fascinating, and maybe a little inspiring. They could be remnants of a lost underwater civilization. A litterbug Atlantis. They could be space trash that has fallen into the ocean and washed up on our shores. Maybe these elements rust so quickly because they are made of Terbinium and thus only adapted to the atmosphere of Mars.
Never once did I allow my characters to be truly humiliated or embarrassed by their own actions. Why? Because I was afraid they might embarrass me. And that was not okay.
It sounds like the same old assimilationist rubbish that hasn't worked and can't work. Immigrants from anywhere in the world and any race are fine as long as they adopt "British culture"? What British culture is left to assimilate to in places like London, where half the population is from Timbuktu and Pakistan?
It means that, as violently angry as people become when any boundaries of sex are brought up . . I have to stand by them. I can’t endorse homosexuality, because the Bible says it’s wrong. People may hate me all they want, but that wasn’t my decision to make. My decision to make–and I am responsible for this one–is to choose who I will serve. And I have chosen. And the King I follow says homosexuality is wrong. But that’s not all, although it seems to be the one people most remember. Pornography, sex outside of marriage, rape, crude language–all are wrong to God. And so all are wrong to me.
Pray for the team returning. They are in the middle of a thirty-hour odyssey as they come home. Ask God to help them adjust to our time zone, adapt to what has happened here, and to try to share what God has done in them with passion, grace, and tact.
a hint of ripple
Some others
And I drove home that night and laid awake for awhile because I knew I was in trouble with the shaking thing because nobody had ever ever had that effect on me.
A: Adapt…
It also signals the start of pleasant motorcycling weather.
When I first met Yoda, one of the first few things he asked me was “How do you work best?” I didn’t think much of this question so I blurted out the first thing that came to my mind, “I work best under pressure” Bunuh diri kan? Little did I know that this simple answer would affect the way I was going to be supervised in the future.
I had a new birth control device implanted in my body yesterday. I was ridiculously excited about it, from the time I made the decision to do it right up until the doctor finished the process.
5. The programs designed to help people, do anything but. (You knew I couldn't get through an entire post without that stab).
Sure enough she gets the job and y’all becomes her trademark.
and a beautiful sentiment from The Craft's Meow.
And looking back now
School Food Service Journal
Shane did not ask Rickey to recite the sinner’s prayer and then leave him at the altar of the Baptist church for them to take care of. Shane asked Rickey if he could come to his home once a week for the next few months to bring the teachings of Jesus and the community of God’s people to share with his whole family and any friends he would like to invite. This was the way of sharing the Gospel and making disciples that Shane’s pastor, Neal, had been leading in their church for a couple of years, inspired by Training for Trainers, taught to Neal by Jeff Sundell, who had learned it in the decade he and his family did CPM training in Nepal and East India. It was at least a year-long commitment for both of them, and their families. Now Rickey is teaching that group, along with Shane and some others, and their home group has bounded to over twenty. When I was there Rickey’s and Shane’s daughters were piled together in a bean-bag chair, wearing dueling Duke and Carolina pajamas, for the night of the Duke-UNC basketball face-off. They have a lot more to share now that both their dads are leading their families in the struggles, pains, hopes, and victories of the Christian life.
My family.
Democracy is incredibly powerful and exciting. It’s also nuanced and complex. It’s bizarre that some people think that there is only one correct way to make a decision when you’re at the voting booth. Honestly, we should all just be thrilled to death that people are giving their vote that much consideration. Thinking strategically and making a thoughtful, reasoned decision should be celebrated.
But driving to work today—Sitting in Traffic Meditation—something occurred to me: If every conference we attend has a theme, the theme of this one was not "A Series of Unfortunate Events" but "How Unschoolers Respond to Suffering."
For many reasons, which I won't go into here, our paths diverged with E more than we would have liked as college progressed. L and I were able to maintain a close friendship over the years and distance. We probably grew even closer than ever. But there was always a part of 'us' missing.
What are the best/most important parts?
Perception of value.
Headaches and Heartaches. Not much to say about this song except that it is one of my favorites. It was brought in as a totally finished number by Sam and we all kind of said "Yeah but it should go like this" and totally changed his arrangement! It's simply a pleasure just to play on this song. More than anything I thoroughly enjoyed the entire recording process of it. Sam and I got to sing the backing vocals 'live' together in the studio (including doing a crazy kind of dance together which has me grinning from ear to ear just thinking about it) and I also had the pleasure of opening the can of beer at the end and talking those great big gulps. Ahhh. Just a great song. I love it.
Don't forget those people, animals and organizations most in need this season.
means that this rural state is
I am really pained by our gross underachievement as a race. Instead of regarding bitter truths expressed by the likes of Watson as a wake-up call for us to engage in sober reflection, we take to the expression of woolly sentiment. For me, this type of reaction is a further evidence of our unintelligence. A man of intelligence recognises genuine criticism against him and takes steps to improve himself in order to prove his critics wrong. But for us blacks, our reaction is to abuse the man who expresses worries about our backwardness.
Q:�How can you increase the
Please pray for healing, comfort. strength and courage
Starting and stopping, at least with the two experienced stokers that I enjoyed on our weekend, wasn’t all that different other than having to be better about keeping the tandem absolutely upright and getting both feet down for longer stops. On the two-place tandems, Debbie knows to off-set her weight to the left when I put my left foot down and lean the bike to the right: that’s a bozo-no-no on the Triplet… I almost dumped the bike and my stokers in the parking lot when I tried that on Sunday.
so smooth to my touch,
Please contact me if you have any questions, concerns or difficulties accessing DreamBox Learning at home.
looks the businessman in the eyes & says “Look, you have had a loan with us for years. We know that the current economic climate is dire. We as a bank know that without us granting you this loan your business would not exist. We also know that you have not made a profit for some time…However, to recognise the fact that you are the only person on this planet who can lead your business, & to take into account the untold personal sacrifices that you have had to make as a person managing your business…please pay yourself a bonus equivalent to 150% of your salary each year from now on, Oh & forget the effect that this will have to your balance sheet”. The historic day that this event takes place will be the day that banks have ONE small businessman stop criticising bankers obscene display of personal greed & remuneration.
handed on down in the order we were born
I have no doubt from observing you that you hated every day that you were using. I can see how your life was out of control, spiraling into a pit of hurt and despair. You became so lost that the helping hands of others could not even be grasp.
Go have a look. It basically takes you from the first line to the first draft to the editing process and finally to the query process. And take extra note of what you’re supposed to do on the 101st day…
leaving behind blue viens, so mechanical,
Yet at times through changeful season and scene, abrupt, alone, or in
On both trips we enjoyed fries. The first time we had truffle fries which I found to be crunchier and overall less greasy than Blanc’s with every bit as much of the funky, rich truffle aroma. On the recent trip I tried the Cajun fries which were the same in texture but lightly dusted with a seasoning that was great but, admittedly, I couldn’t really taste due to the strength of the burger’s accoutrements.
When I woke up this morning, my hair was a nest of hairspray and cigarette smoke. The eyeliner that I had lazily left on had migrated south of my cheekbones and there was a patina of glitter on my pillow. And when I got into the shower I noticed very angry-looking red rings forming little halos around my nipples.
Smuttynose IPA also comes with some welcoming mung at the bottom of the bottle (remember, I like Belgian beers and always pour them out to the very end to get that yeasty, B-vitamin goodness). The aroma is a bit weak, but the flavour is complexly bitter over a slight biscuitiness. It’s not clearly floral nor piney nor citrus, but all those together in small amounts and all combining to add up to a rich taste.
High point: More Grace and Daniel...
Tomorrow is my birthday and I find myself thinking about my own personal progress.
2. Lemonade Stand Kit - I am crazy for Lemonade Stands and these kits are one of my all time favorites. They make perfect gifts and what kid wouldn't love to get everything they need to make their very own Lemonade Stand to enjoy on a hot summer day?
Hi Everyone! Just thought I'd blog about how my Christmas turned out, I hope every one of you all had a wonderful celebration with family and friends. Christmas is my absolute favorite holiday and every year I always look forward to decorating with my family and best of all getting a freshly cut Noble Fir, just love the smell of it. It's definitely a blessing to have my family all gathered at my house to open up gifts. The best is when my mom always cooks up a fantastic meal for all of us. Below are just a few shots I took on my phone of the girls on Xmas morning.
K: This has to be handled in a graduated fashion. I’ll explain. Let’s imagine a fictitious situation, whereby the terrorists have forced 20 children onto the roofs of every single building in Gaza that has been marked as a target because it has terrorists in it. That’s what I see in my reconnaissance photographs. Every single roof is covered with children.
I have found that most psychologists, psychiatrists and other mental health professionals are not only extraordinarily compliant with authorities but also unaware of the magnitude of their obedience. And it also has become clear to me that the anti-authoritarianism of their patients creates enormous anxiety for these professionals, and their anxiety fuels diagnoses and treatments.
Don't forget that our March Beer Social will take place tomorrow night, Saturday 3/22, from 7-10 PM at Kenny Dorham's Backyard (1106 E 11th St). The weather should be clear and cool, so bring a chair and enjoy our return to outdoor Beer Socials with live music by The Lennings.
“What glitters above me,
A5 59 Times The Pain - Thanks A Lot
In the interim, the gang has been playing a lot of (sadly unpainted) Dystopian wars. As usual with a new game, we continue to figure out new rules we're forgetting, but we're getting much closer to rules transparency with every game. I'm learning the shortcomings and strengths of the Brit fleet. Likewise I'm learning to love the echelon formation, more lovingly dubbed the "Broadside Conga Line". Those hull-ripping submersibles need to be released, like, yesterday. I'm seeing a fleet based on Dreadnaughts, frigates, bombers, and Vanguard subs. Delicious!
At least over at our house on Monday mornings everyone is running around like little maniacs,lol. Where is my this and where is my that, how many minutes til the schoolbus goes?, come on now, she will be late....anybody know what im talking about?
Another growing online print and self-publishing solution in the Netherlands is Pumbo. Again, it seems to be modelled on services like Lulu, Cafepress and Unibooks. A brief look at Pumbo suggests to me that the profits for the author solutions provider are loaded heavily into the price of books to the author. A 125 page standard paperback coming in at a whopping €17+ with the equivalent ebook edition priced at €12+! There is also a delivery charge to add on depending on the amount of units ordered.
Dear President Jonathan,
5th of March 2012
I am in NO WAY like a great deal of mothers who feel that they can teach their son’s how to be men!
For example: I could write about emotions. Just recently I had someone say to me that they would like to adopt so they don't have to deal with all the emotions that come along with having a baby. Whoa! I could write about that one for sure. But do I??? We've got emotions and two years later we still got them. I never had postpartum depression with Jenna but I might say the emotions we go through as adoptive families are equal to that for sure. I could write about special needs b/c over the past year that's become a reality for us. But do I???? While I want others to know they are not alone I want to be protective of my family and our story.
It is amazing how organized this software is. All the kits are sorted, and everything that matches, always seems to be right there where you need it! The best part is when you download them from My Memories, they are automatically stored within the software, so you don't have to go searching for it when you need it!
4. Segovia, Spain
Cook, whisking constantly, until a thermometer reads 75°C.
“Oh, my dear fellow, if you want to be a gentleman you must give up being an artist. They’ve got nothing to do with one another. You hear of men painting pot-boilers to keep an aged mother – well, it shows they’re excellent sons, but it’s no excuse for bad work. They’re only tradesmen. An artist would let his mother go to the workhouse.”
Less than three weeks till the Marine Corps Historic Half! I’m starting to get really excited about this one, even though it kicks my butt every year. But I’m still optimistic after my performance in Charlottesville, and now that I have more time in the afternoons and evenings, I can concentrate fully on training. This last month or so before school gets out is always tricky because it starts to get really hot by the time I get home, and I’m less likely to run if I wait till later in the evening. In the summer I get to run first thing in the morning, which is ideal. I guess I could go to the gym right after school, but I hate everything about that place, so I’d rather avoid it if at all possible. Yet I still hang on to my membership… I guess I just have to take it week by week.
If all I could do was peruse the market, I would be content with that. But as luck would have it, I did get to do a bit of cooking during this trip. I knew I wanted to make a seafood dish but the question was which seafood. It's funny how an abundance of fish, clams, and fresh water crab can confuse a usually decisive person. In the end, I settled with squid. My plan was to fry it and serve with a dressing made up of fresh garlic, jalapenos and culantro. Not cilantro. Culantro.
‘Dickless Chix’ by Molly Heckard & Sarah Joyce
I give this movie a 75 out of 100. Worth a rent, Netflix it in a few months.
22 The hanging sequence movie clip which you just exited will be selected by default now. Go to the Property inspector and give it the Instance name hangman_mc.
I am glad to have them.
Bjorn Lomborg took an interesting approach: Let’s presume that man has had an impact on global warming, what will the results be if man implements the plans that governments have laid out. He concluded that governments will get much more powerful and have all sorts of control, the economy will be severely burdened, people’s quality of life will suffer and if we are lucky the globe will warm one hundredth of one degree less.
getting new followers on my blog
Happy new year! It is going to be a busy one for me, preparing for a new book and solo show in early Autumn. First though, I am taking part in The Courtauld Institute of Art's East Wing X: Material Matters show. This opens from the 21th January at the Institute in Somerset House in London - but being a working college it is only open to the public on the last Saturday of each month. If you want to catch the show though, it runs until June 2013, which should give you plenty of opportunity. I have a mix of older and newer work in the show, including the image above, taken near Somerset house at the end of last year. You can also see work by War Boutique, Laura Keeble, Gabriel Dawe, Paula Rego, Damien Hirst, Simon Edmonson and over 30 other artists. My work is downstairs in the cafe, so if you get there early you can probably grab a fry-up too. Find more info here.
The Brooklyn Historical Society (BHS), the Weeksville Heritage Center and Irondale Ensemble Project have been chosen to receive two major federal grants to fund their joint project “In Pursuit of Freedom,” a multifaceted program that memorializes the history of abolitionism and the Underground Railroad in Brooklyn.
Neighbouring Prides: The Sohebele pride occupied the central region of Motswari’s traversing, and as a result, this kept most of their neighbours on the periphery of the reserve. To the north, it was the Jacaranda Pride; to the north-west it was the Timbavati Pride; to the west it was the Voel Dam Pride; in the south-west it was the Ross Pride; to the south it was the Machaton Pride; to the east it was the old Mayumbuya Pride.
Hania kept asking me whether I had figured out the being’s identity. No, I hadn’t. She seemed highly amused by my cluelessness. Finally, unable to contain herself any longer, she told me who he was. I was completely surprised, despite knowing all about her channeling relationship. I had been confused by his ordinariness, I explained, having previously encountered him as a much more impressive presence. She said that he sometimes appears in this very human guise, and other times shows his larger self. Well, that’s true of those of us who are embodied, too, and so it seems quite plausible to me. Here are her words: “Jesus Christ, out of His love for me, makes Himself as large or small as is needed to allow me to be with Him best at the time. Our relationship has an aspect of being friends, and He will make Himself to whatever scale is most reassuring for me at the time, so I can maintain this feeling, so as not to intimidate me and throw me off ’the friends’ track.’ Sometimes He is immeasurable, other times as you experienced Him then.”
If you are a Canadian and insist upon the latter, please know that it’s embarrassing. You sound ignorant. You sound American. (For the Americans out there, I’m sorry. I might touch on my view on the American-Canadian thing later. No major offense intended, honestly.) We will forgive you though. We probably won’t even say anything. We don’t want to hurt your feelings, or anything.
I’ve noted on January 28th that I went to the boat for the first time since Rob had died. I wondered if Rob had left any note of any kind in the safe on the boat. Wasn’t really expecting it as we’d discussed everything, but knew I had to get into the safe. Had a struggle but with the help of his friend Mike, we got in. There was no note, just Rob’s valuables, his jewellery, etc. I noted that I was surprisingly unemotional.
Boots - Jessica Simpson - gifted
We were in the second row from the front so we had a great view. It was really quite a small set, bless it. I did take some photos of the actual set, but since we weren't technically supposed to, I shan't post them on here just in case I get an angry email from the BBC ...
The House of Harlow 1960 ‘Riley’ chain-strap clutch purse retails for $275.
Apparently he was rolling down a hillside at his grandfather’s ranch in western South Dakota, in the Black Hills. Something he and his brothers had done on occasion. And this particular day, he happened unfortunately .. upon a patch of cactus.
The process was based on cladding strategies used on larger scale projects with non orthogonal geometries, like the Walt Disney concert Hall in Los Angeles. The complex topography of the side wall forms was analyzed to smaller triangular or trapezoid surfaces. The forms are separated into two basic elements: structure and “skin”. The structure was laser cut iron members that were welded and mounted on the side walls, forming a “skeleton” that would carry the “skin”; the plywood surfaces. All surfaces are mapped out, numbered and cut “sur mesure” from 2.50X1.20m plywood sheets.
3And there came out of the smoke locusts upon the earth: and unto them was given power, as the scorpions of the earth have power.
If Jesus is good news… would you not share good news with everyone?
She read out a victim’s impact statement saying the child would scream when anyone bathed her or changed her diaper.
I have a little wish regarding Rufus’ summer tour: He is starting a wide-scale tour, actually as of yesterday 30 April opening with aLondon concert; covering homelandCanada, US, andEurope. I wish he would fit aTurkey concert somewhere within one of the little empty parts of the schedule (anywhere in June or July before he goes back to US), or that I find the chance to listen to him live somewhere along the tour. If he comes, that would be his second visit toTurkey after the 2008 concert that I unfortunately missed. I cannot bear to miss him another time.
The Q69 Casanova allegedly tried to bed the woman, who says she’s single.
Shutter speed : 1/2.5 seconds
after that I asked my second question
Then, a few things started to happen that compelled me to make some changes here to protect my identity and the students I teach (you’ll note some password protected posts now. Regular readers can contact me for it).
If it hadn’t been for the child then none of this might have happened.
This record does not contain a clear indication that the applicant departed from the general rule for the article "a." Nothing in the claim language, specification, or prosecution history compels an exceptional reading of "a" in this case. The district court erred by misapplying the term "said fabric roll" later in the claim and the phrase "in intimate contact with the fabric roll" in the specification. Initial Order, slip op. at 8. As noted above, the use of a definite article ("said" or "the") to refer back to an initial indefinite article does not implicate, let alone mandate the singular. Because the initial indefinite article ("a") carries either a singular or plural meaning, any later reference to that same claim element merely reflects the same potential plurality. In grammatical terms, the instances of "said fabric roll" in the claim are anaphoric phrases, referring to the initial antecedent phrase. Because the initial phrase carries no definitive numerosity, the anaphoric phrases do not alter that meaning in the slightest.
To which I say: Let’s re-cap…
What are you guys up to?
It’s raining . . . again. One minute we are popcorning around and enjoying the garden and the next second Mummy is scooping us up and rushing us in. We hadn’t been in the garden for awhile. Mummy was bringing us grass but it just wasn’t the same.
Curry Powder
Compared to what we have from where I come from (the Philippines), everything in America is super-sized, or is geared to being one. And I mean, everything! That includes houses, cars, buildings, clothes, furniture, grocery items, fast food items and all things you can think of. I believe this is one of the results of a free enterprise. Competition is tough, that’s why every company there is has to fight tooth and nail to get their market. And how? Well, by catering to one of human nature’s weakness -greed - and sending messages that inculcate within us “the bigger, the better” mentality.
It's a Wonderful Life ... NBC ... 8 PM *FAVORITE CLASSIC
The boys think it is SUPER cool and they keep chatting about how they can't wait to show their friends which makes this a successful project in this mommy's book! It's my goal to give them a space they love to play and hang out in!
The snow balls were so dense and so big that I had to gently break them up with an ice pick. The next tool, and one that Bisou has always been wary of, was the hair dryer. But this time she seemed to understand her situation, and submitted. I let her finish drying off and relax the rest of the afternoon, and waited until evening to tackle the mats.
I bought the magazine (Burda 03/12) on Thursday and finished sewing the dress on Sunday. The only reason it took that long was because I had to wait till Saturday to get to Spotlight for thread and a zip. (Btw, I'm wearing a black cardigan over it today which goes better with the black tights than the pale green merino thermal on it's own - only took the cardy off for the photo!)
Jesse: (Smiling sympathetically.) Oh God. (Rubs his face with both hands.)
Makes one 10-inch quiche. Feel free to try adding mushrooms, spinach and red onions instead of bacon and zucchini. It is delicious!
An incident at the uni 2 weeks ago beats last year’s hands down. On a fine Wednesday morning, while I was working at the office, I got a text message from a guy who saw my Car-For-Sale ad (will talk about why I’m selling in the next section). Overwhlemed by excitement, I got totally disoriented. All I knew was I needed to get home ASAP.
3 pieces
I was quite well known for the driver who liked his coffee.
Gotta run,
– Southern Conference tournament semifinal appearances since 1985: 1
Wax Right between the eyes UK/US
I did manage to stitch some more on Mermmie, and i want to stitch on her all week. On the HAED BB my yearly goal was to stitch 4 pages of her, and i would like to nearly be there, as after page 4 ( not that i have finished page 3 yet) there is only 1 3/4 pages to stitch and a lot of them are blocks of colour.
Then add your dry ingredients one at a time, mixing in between each one: sugar, brown sugar, baking soda, xanthan gum, salt and then the flour. Mix the dry ingredients in really well.
Colonel Sanders: Did I miss one?
I knew that I wanted to paint the cabinets white. As much as I enjoy look of wood, the cabinets and floors combined were a little too much.
- Initiate ad hoc projects as needed within the department.
another tip is adjusting the brightness of your pic if it seems too dark.
* Male / Female
25. An Un-Earthly Red
Nothing puts things in perspective like a trip to the children's hospital.
1/4 cup dehydrated carrots or 1cup diced fresh carrots
but I know that I feel like I'm doing something wrong.
Siggi Loch’s journey has followed a trajectory all of its own. After stumbling across the music of Sidney Bechet at the age of 15, he formed a band and began dreaming of running his own jazz label. Half a century ago he was among the R&B fans getting a first taste of The Beatles at the Star Club in Hamburg. Soon afterwards he produced some of the first tracks by the pop group The Searchers as he embarked on a career as a talent-spotter, producer and major label executive.
I believe God wants to accomplish some big things in our lives. These things can only be accomplished by the Lord working through people of faith so that He might receive all the glory. Have you arrived at the place where your faith is fully available for Him to use?
“Our best seller is the goat’s milk lotion,” she said. “We sell a lot of that. I use it everyday. If I have a cut, scrape, burn, or bruise, I put it on there because it has these wonderful healing properties. Even my husband and son use it now. But, I use it everyday. I take a long bath and then I dab it on to my face afterwards.”
2. My car is broken, ok really just my sunglass holder in my car is broken, but still I loved that sunglass holder!
Beat the egg whites with the superfine sugar, lemon drops and salt using an electric mixer starting from low to high speed for about 7 minutes or until the meringue is fluffy and shiny.
The fourth installment of this children’s animated franchise is back once again with its stars Ray Romano, Denis Leary and John Leguizamo, as Manny, Diego and Sid. There are a lot of all new characters voiced by people such as Jennifer Lopez to Peter Dinklage. This time the story revolves around the continents splitting apart after the end of the ice age and the gang must make their way across the sea. It’s a fun series and parents will definitely take their kids to see another one of these.
But it is only logical to assume that a payment was in fact made. There would have been no incentive for Ansar Dine to release the woman otherwise. Moreover, Islamic law permits the collection of ransoms after abducting non-Muslims—a precept with which Ansar Dine is certainly familiar. Ansar Dine probably has a little more spending money today than it had prior to the Stockly affair.
Breakfast: Slim-Fast shake
In addition, a review of the research finds little evidence for the common assertion that small businesses are responsible for the majority of job creation in the United States or that tax breaks for small businesses generally — as distinguished from start-up ventures — are effective at stimulating jobs or growth in Gross Domestic Product (GDP).
Two: the Regeneration of Time
Mr Lay added that it was possible the penguin had been eaten, but he was doubtful.
What are you up to musically these days?
Date: Thu, Apr 1, 2010 at 7:06 PM
Never thought I'd be so damn happy for a result to be glandular fever but considering the other option was leukaemia, I am ecstatic.
April 7– Monday– Washington, D.C.– Lord Lyons, the British Minister, reports to the Foreign Secretary regarding the treaty on cooperation in suppression of the slave trade. “I have . . . this morning signed the Treaty; and I have, in deference to Mr. Seward’s opinion, admitted the Clause limiting the duration. . . . the Senate does not always confine itself to ratifying or rejecting a Treaty absolutely. It very frequently makes amendments or alterations. It appears, therefore, to be more consistent with the Dignity of the Queen, that even if Her Majesty approve of the Treaty as it stands, Her Ratification should not be given, until it is certain that the President has been authorised by the Senate to give the Ratification of the United States.”
Okay so you slot the third petal in the "un-glued" part of the 2nd and this is what you get.
All those whose actions damage the party, the nationalist cause and our political growth in society - will be remembered.
As we have profusely documented, as polls show that fewer and fewer Americans are convinced by the pseudo-science behind man-made global warming, promulgated as it is by control freaks like Zwick who care more about money and power than they do the environment, AGW adherents are becoming increasingly authoritarian in their pronouncements.
12 May 2011, Thursday
A few photos:
Just saw the Avengers movie last night with my gaming group. Very cool and very, very fun, although there was definitely at least one "DAMN YOU WHEDON!!" moment. Then of course we spent the rest of the night spouting quotes and reminding each other of scenes we had just seen less than an hour ago.
At the end of the first day, we were exhausted and hungry and sad. It was hard to be there and the faint memory of those warm fuzzy feelings from that morning were just that, a faint memory. In total, we spent about a week there and between four and five hours per day.
09 Oh Boy
Birla Temple
In later recordings and performances, Omar would sing that verse and add the line "Boujemâa doesn't die".
Rafael Gil: There are a lot of people who are not with us because they do not know what we are about. We are all in this together, those people who are working and those who are unemployed, the police and the college student. We are the 99%.
This recipe comes courtesy of Sally Cameron, from NZ Gardener Homegrown series, the Tomato edition. It uses plenty of tomatoes, and isnt to difficult to make.....
Not bad for 90 minutes of work. It would have been less, but I had to get passed reading the instructions! In my opinion, its easier to take it one step at a time...don't read ahead! You'll end up looking back and forth from the fabric to the directions thinking that it would just be easier to buy the finished product instead of sewing it yourself!
As I sat looking out over the water I realized I was holding my breath waiting for movement. I think there is a lesson to be learned. We try to move through different life stages seamlessly. We even wear our flexibility like a badge of honor. I like the idea that nature has built in a period of rest... time to heal, repair, accept change...find our footing again before sending us rushing in a different direction.
10. Little Drops of Rain (Reprise) - Robert Goulet
In a press conference yesterday Kuala Lumpur Archbishop Murphy Pakiam asked the AG for the rationale behind his decision: “I appeal to the Attorney General to explain the decision not to take further action on the Al-Islam journalists’ case.”
Distinguishing Features: MAHOOSIVE SCHLONG
But then we move here, and suddenly it’s like I can’t wait to get away from him. I want to work extra hours and not because of the pay. I want to spend all the time I can downstairs at my sisters so I don’t have to talk to him. Or worse, hear him talk. He doesn’t ever want to talk about anything important to us, as a couple, only what he heard on the radio that day or saw on the news or read on line. He’s worked a whole 5 days since November as a temp at the book bindery that my brother in law works at. He’s not looked for a real job since right before Christmas. His car needs a new alternator. His phone bill is out of control. He wants a new this and a new that and he complains all the time about the house (which was built in the 40’s and taken very good care of ever!) is too cold too drafty too…whatever. It snows too much in Wisconsin. It’s too cold for him to go jogging. He wants his own garage. He wants his own laundry room so that I don’t have to go all the way downstairs to use my sister’s. He hates my brother in law (don’t worry, it’s mutual) and doesn’t want to be down there when he’s there. Which makes it pretty hard for him to be down there because my BiL hates for anyone to be over when he’s not home (I dunno, he just does). But that’s okay since I go down there to get away from him anyways!
that lies beneath
In the celebratory speech given by Adams in 1862, which I think we can now assume was based largely on information supplied by Foster himself, he boasted of having been married five times, and to have fathered 17 children, with the oldest daughter born c.1784. The last of these claims is obviously unrealistic, if we now accept that he was born in 1774, and would have been a mere 10 years old at the time. While I have only found evidence for two children, I accept there may well have been several others.
It’s rare that I bake a cake. Apart from the fact that my baking acutraments leave something to be desired, 2 out of 3 of us in residence aren’t that fussed about cake. Having said that, a birthday is not complete without one & so around this time every year I root out my hand-me-down rusty cake tins & set about making birthday cakes.
892 ***D-XII/7/1984. “Gods, Games and Heroes in Pindar.” First Friday Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, The Cultural Center, Chicago Public Library, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-7, above, pp. 76-92 (1997).)
Personally, I think the guy has been scammed. Wasn't all this just a little too easy? What kind of woman hangs around cheap motels and lets perfect strangers manhandle her ample, jutting charms in public? I think he is going to wake up all alone the next morning with a lump on his noggin, bad hangover, an empty wallet, and no car.
Watching Onegin, I got all choked up about the cruelty of passion, and the, uhhh, futility of bad love. I thought I'd just stay for an hour then leave. But I stayed for the whole damn show because I wanted to see that Hottie take the trash out.
They started fighting, with the boyfriend grabbing Bottieri and Bottieri ripping off the boyfriend’s shirt. Bottieri called 911 and the boyfriend left, though he was found nearby.
We look forward to seeing your own bikes in our new gallery, and thanks for joining our worldwide community.
Phlebotomist, what an odd word; imagine introducing yourself at parties as a phlebotomist. Martha supposed she would become familiar with all the odd idiosyncrasies of medical lingo in the coming months. Perhaps she could drop a few of them into conversation during some of her own social gatherings, just to gain that sense of superiority that would be destroyed when the doctor completed this sentence.
“It so does not make sense to allow the kinds of contaminants that are routinely in sewage sludge … onto our farm fields, to allow them to be put on pasture land where cows graze that give us milk,” said Maureen Reilly of the group Sludge Watch.
As I glanced down to check out our own chosen foot attire,I warmed momentarily to Chefs' muddy(I forgot to pack my good shoes)Merrells.
Unaccompanied by a canine companion, I could walk through the park as if invisible. On the few occasions when I had custody of a friend's dogs, however, suddenly I became quite noticeable. The leash, the collar, the wagging tails were my passport, the secret handshake that grants entrance into the private club. Fellow dog walkers and owners came over to say hello and chat. With two dogs trotting close to my heels, I was immediately embraced within the doggy community. The only thing more effective at attracting attention would've been pushing a carriage with a cute baby in it.
The meek behaviour and fear of authority shown by ex-detainees, the intimidating and domineering posture of the security personnel, attempted and successful suicides committed by ex-prisoners such as Leon Madakeni, "Mark", and Nonhlanhla Makhuba when faced with the possibility of re-arrest, and the common mental disturbance of the guards and personnel at Quatro, and what they talked about in their deranged state, threw light on what one was likely to expect in this "rehabilitation centre".
9. Make icing by whisking powdered sugar with maple syrup until smooth. Drizzle over the top of the cake and serve warm or at room temperature.
Frankly, for blog publishers and researchers of every kind, Wikipedia takes the cake. As a very active blog content writer, I can confirm that I visit it every single day, and not once either. You will, too — if you want your articles to be informative, grounded by fact and not just your opinions.
The segment’s underlying first-quarter combined ratio decreased 1.7 points to 86.1—the lowest it has been in 10 years, according to Long.
But that’s just what happened this week. I pulled off the road, and after just a few minutes I saw two wolves running down a slope, straight at me. They spooked a big horn sheep, who ran up the slope. They came within a couple of hundred feet of me, and were joined by another wolf. The three of them tussled around, and I got to watch them, by myself, for about 15 minutes before other people came. Cars did drive by, but I think because I don’t have one of those big scopes, no one thought I was seeing anything. Fine with me!
DK: It’s not so much a digital strategy as it is an audience strategy. It just so happens that our audience is reading us on an increasing number of digital platforms and we have to be there in a form that satisfies the expectations of that medium. The strategy is constantly evolving as new platforms and technologies emerge.
Recept: That's what I've been trying to tell you, Mr. President.
He looked at his watch and stared solemnly down the hallway at the front door, half expecting it to spring open with his daughter in tow. It didn’t and he let out a slight moue as his focus switched to the dried and cracked lambs blood above the door of his daughters room. Not a good sign. He hoped Carmen would return soon. He walked back over to the alter, knelt down in front of it, lit some candles and a stick of incense. He silently uttered a few incantations of protection, adding a prayer or two for God to forgive him for his transgressions but he held little hope for this, after all, why would God forgive you when you can’t forgive yourself? Sighing deeply he went back to packing his things.
The rain stopped for a while and I finally managed to get that night photos of the Christmas lights up in Orchard Road, Singapore.
a mob of kangaroos
Tha's me done. Over to Kristen . . . . . .
At this point, as my readers have doubtless guessed, we’ve strayed into the realm of magical combat. You’ll notice that lightning bolts from wands and incantations in bad Latin are not involved; those belong to cheap fantasy fiction, not to actual magic. Instead, the combat is a struggle of narratives or, if you will, of ways of structuring experience. Among the tools that practitioners of mass thaumaturgy use to weave their spells are emotionally charged images and ideas that trigger the hardwired binary reaction in our brains. Among the effective options for doing battle with them, in turn, is ternary logic, which defuses the binary reaction so that whatever issue is up for discussion can be put back into its actual context, and is no longer seen exclusively through the filter of food/nonfood, predator/nonpredator, and the like.
He is taken down and buried in a grave marked
“Eight.”
bake for about 9 minutes on each side and then drain on paper towels.
Before his skull cracked the glass
Inking irksome lies.
“My problem is that I must make all the preparations for the love making with the cushion!”
Happy Stitching w/whatever you're working on!
As the 'bridge' book in this trilogy, Underworld does not disappoint. Oftentimes the second book is considered the filler and often riddled with unnecessary plot lines to extend a series, but Underworld is quite the opposite. If anything, this book has just built this story up to a perfect climax, leaving the reader at the edge and ready to crash down to an incredible conclusion. Be prepared to be completely blown by this book and fall even harder for the King of the Underworld.
It was the latest demonstration in an action-packed two weeks which have seen a mass mock funeral through Enfield, appearances on national radio and huge coverage in the trade press and beyond, triggering a discussion about the future role of quality local journalism in this country.
At the request of a reader I’ve asked BookEnds clients to give us some of their most over-the-top marketing strategies. Here’s what some of them said . . .
Surrey County Hall
SPN’s fall 2010 conference featured the man perhaps happiest with the explosion in virtual education: Jeb Bush. “I have a confession to make,” he said with grin. “I am a real policy geek, and this is like the epicenter of geekdom.” Bush shared his experiences initiating some of the nation’s first for-profit and virtual charter school reforms as the governor of Florida, acknowledging his policy ideas came from some in the room. (The local SPN affiliate in Tallahassee is the James Madison Institute.)
I indeed had been indifferent as the soldiers around me whose indifference I was attempting to capture.
I forget about the way I’ve hurt people; I forget about times when I snuck around, lied, entered into a relationship with one of my best friend’s ex-boyfriends. I forget about the drinking, the smoking, the cursing, the dark thoughts.
"You're supposed to be their parent, not their friend."
Bliss
When all at once I saw a crowd,
The favorite dessert is prepared using yeast or baking powder and baking soda. But now I tried using active dry yeast. It turns out so soft and delicious. After fermented, the batter becomes very thick so you need to add extra water otherwise it was unable to spread. Once the bubbles appear, drizzle with butter, sprinkle with ground peanut and sugar, continue cooking until the bottom turns golden brown, fold in half.
Yes, the 24-plank machine-controlled set is a rather ugly and distractingly noisy thing. Yes, Robert Lepage's production suggests someone reliant more on momentary inspiration than on grand overarching vision. And sure, the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra's performance under Fabio Luisi mostly seemed blandly competent rather than inspired. All of this may well start to bug me more in the later, longer installments of Lepage's new production of the complete Ring cycle, if not corrected. For the relatively trim Das Rheingold, however, there were just enough moments of visual splendor—the planks contorting to create a distorted stairwell, for instance, as well as some of the video projections—to satisfy me. And, of course, the opera itself is glorious; its thematic elements—its skeptical view of man's folly, the damaging effects of unchecked power on the human soul, etc.—still come through amidst Lepage's technological gimcrackery, and the music is still as brilliant as ever. For a novice of Wagner's Ring of the Nibelung live, this was fine. Not transcendent, not thought-provoking, and not especially affecting, but fine. We'll see how the rest of this new Metropolitan Opera production shakes out.
My good omen
I hope this will bring about more brewers to put on full flavored low alcohol session beers. The simple fact is that if a brewer can get maximum flavor out of a true session beer I will drink drink anything that brewer ever makes from that point on. It is truly a skill. 15 malts and 20 hop varieties might sound like a neat novelty, but that isn't a beer you want to come back to again and again.
What the debate demonstrates is that we know almost nothing about the number of innocent people in prison. That is because any effort to estimate it involves extrapolation from just two numbers, neither one satisfactory.
And this guy ..
I could not resist God anymore, so I got up. But before I opened my laptop I asked Him to confirm the message with His Word. I got my Bible and asked Him to let me open to the verse that would confirm the message and its urgency. I shivered because what I saw immediately as I opened my Bible is this: LAMENTATIONS in bold letters, and the first 2 verses which the Complete Jewish Bible says:
The good thing, for people who shrink at the thought of having to create new and exciting activities from scratch every week, is that we have so many holidays and special occasions as a family, as a country and across the globe from which to draw inspiration. More on that later.
with their volumes in gold and in brown;
In some ancient Sanskrit texts it is called 'Sukhaantar' or 'Sukhtardvip'.
Or I could ask about your domestic bubble. Do you feel like you are in one? Are you happy in it or do you want to be released? I had a comment from a fellow wordpresser once who said that she knew what I meant about escaping the bubble but she found she was more comfortable in it.
We all knew that VB was the single biggest selling beer in Melbourne because, well, it’s the biggest selling beer in Australia – has been since God’s dog was a pup! What we didn’t now was that “the beer we drink does vary according to our postcode,” the article suggested. It then contradicted itself by saying that VB was the top-selling beer in liquor shops IN EVERY STORE SURVEYED IN MELBOURNE AND REGIONAL VICTORIA. Excuse me, but have you seen my ‘variance’??
In the pouring rain, we rode bikes, attempted ocean kayaking twice (the second time was successful), successfully river kayaked, swam and played in the waves, rode our bikes again, and zip-lined. It was a nice relaxing day in the Caribbean. We were exhausted.
There are times in my life where I display a lot of pride and even bravado when it comes to things that I do. However, I never claim perfection and definitely don’t want to defend wrong actions. That is where my humility has come into play.
I am going to sit back and let the photos tell the story. Congratulations, Jeff and Mindy! God has blessed you with love, laughter and health, two beautiful children and 25 wonderful years. Here's to the next 25!
Power Distance
12. Take Ourselves Seriously
Sample of recent academic writing
Tuesday was May Day… May 1st and it is apparently a public holiday here, so I had the day off… paid. That was nice!
Verb Forms: Talk – Talked – Talking
through the body, so that at the same instant we said Jesus. I put on the
Mitt, is not the type of malleable person that George W. Bush was so it will be interesting to see what direction the Santorum and Romney meeting will take them. The Mormon Church relies heavily on Government to feed the hungry and that is in direct conflict with the goal of the Tea Party and the Ryan Plan.
According to the researchers, this method of understanding market connections could help each country predict when a financial crisis is imminent, allowing it to set up policies that will protect their own markets from becoming dangerously intertwined with struggling markets. "In the current era, when the global financial village is highly prone to systematic collapses, our approach can provide a sensitive 'financial seismograph' to detect early signs of global crisis," Prof. Ben-Jacob says.
Fyrinnae - Sequined Master (applied to lower lash line, and outer V, blended into the crease)
6th day - No plans for visiting, therefore spending the day at home and later went out to buy some stuff with mum. Dinner with family near home.
Sunday 6 May 2012
The true heroes are the young men and women who put on their uniforms and fight; not because they love war or violence (or because I do), but because they are prepared to stand up for what they believe in against an implacable, unenlightened foe. More than that, the fact they are willing to serve and risk all is the only thing which stands between the likes of Miss Katz and death or slavery. Whatever they think of her, they allow her to exist; the reverse is not and cannot be true.
The officer went to his car with John’s license and sat on the radio for several minutes as John walked to the Mustang. He took only a few steps before the officer’s spot light hit him from behind, causing a slight stutter-step as he neared the trunk of the car. As he peeked in the rear passenger-side window to see Charlotte still asleep, the spot light faded. John turned back towards the police car and walked slowly, hands in his front pockets, as he watched distant headlights approaching followed by tail lights shrinking away. One particular set of headlights grew closest, followed by a rectangular set of yellow lights that outlined the trailer of an eighteen-wheeler rumbling towards him. As it drew near, he closed his eyes and accepted the burst of warm air and exhaust left in its wake.
A special illustrated version of our podcast 'Five Points Part 2: The Fate of Five Points" is now available on our NYC History Archive feed.
I've only used the first two chapters with my kids so far and I can't wait to see how they take to some more lessons. Lately I've felt that my class has lost some excitement and urgency during Daily 5, and Comprehension Connections is giving us all a new way to think about reading. I hope you check this book out and let me know what you think!
If you already read my blog, I hope you’ll encourage me with comments and likes, and good will along the way.
no powder.
It was a hot, sunny day and there were hundreds of people there - picnicking, sun bathing and exploring every corner of the grounds.
It was fabulous having her wearing some of the pieces from the book since I cannot wear them myself. She was styled by Wyatt White and I.
So when I rose well before Micah last Saturday and decided to wake him with breakfast in bed, and it was a little cool in the house, and we had an apple and some dates and pecans in the kitchen just begging to be cooked…well, how could I resist?
d.Working long days in a manual environment was tiring.On one occasion when I collected him he was barely able to converse.I commented 'its hard working long hours isn't it? Now you know how I feel'
Mikkeller It's Alive!
New rules could affect lenders with large inventories of outstanding repurchase requests.
6. I was camping for 2 weeks on the coast with family and have fabulous pictures to share soon!
Tuesday we toured Grand Teton. We had lunch at the Signal Mountain Lodge where I ate my first elk chili. I didn't take my camera with me unfortunately. Too bad since the views from the dining room were spectacular. The chili was good, but if you hadn't told me it wasn't beef chili, I wouldn't have known.
Keep in mind, most babies are fairly active inside the womb and they turn a lot — even during labor. So, chances are, whatever position your baby is in now will not be the same position he or she will be in a few hours from now.
It is worth noting that each of these positive measures takes aim at one or two of the factors that have led to decline. The Benedict option seeks to break the hold of political polarization on the church. The postmodern opportunity aims to re-engage the cultural elites. The next Christendom has already strongly undermined the contention that Christianity merely reflects Western culture and imperialism. And if there is an “age of diminished expectations,” it could erode both the materialism and even the sexual licentiousness (which always works best in the midst of material plenty) that have undermined faith.
Learn from Experience: Parts I & II (Japan…Mikio Naruse)
I hate to have a house; business; car; or appliances here! If I cannot do it myself then to hell with it.
For more on these things, click the links below.
Ask God to reveal your sins to you so that you can ask forgiveness.
How much would the developer earn? That’s tough to calculate, because we don’t know how many suites would be sold at different price points. At an average of 30% of the top price, the average suite would cost $139,200. At 40%, the cost would be $185,600. At 50%, it would be $232,000.
Least of all, your social life is going to have an entirely new character. You might lose track of single non-parenting friends. You might not have time for much socializing at all depending on the health and temperment of your baby. But there are also opportunities to meet an entirely new group of people because you’re in the parenting club now. But how exactly will this happen?
Athens was a city that I was really looking forward to going to. After going to Rome and seeing all of these ancient ruins, mixed in with amazing architecture, fountains on every corner I had really high expectations for Athens. I was at first really disappointed as we drove through crazy, busy streets with really modern, simple architecture and graffiti EVERYWHERE. My first impression was Ah, typical big city.
To someone who’s miserable:
Follow the instructions for your ice-cream maker; the bowl of mine needs to be frozen overnight and this base needs to sit overnight, so start your prep the night before.
As an early childhood educator, I realize that teaching little ones involves a lot of preparation. Maria Montessori referred to it as "the prepared environment." Many hours are spent before the child even enters the classroom, not only deciding which lessons will be taught and how, but every detail of the classroom. Thought goes into which materials are placed on the shelf, their most advantageous placement, and how they might be used (the intended uses as well as the not-so-intended) by the children. (It's this same "teacher think" that makes me cringe when others buy my children any sort of stick-like toy. I can just imagine the possibilities . . .)
The best and the worst thing about Hellboy 2 is how it looks. As I mentioned, for the second installment Guillermo Del Toro has dispensed with a human protagonist, and along with it, any real grounding in the world of man. Humans here do little more than scream and run away, and even the awesome Jeffrey Tambor is pretty much put on the shelf by the time the real action gets going. Hellboy 2 is immersed in the world of demons, fairies and trolls, with Del Toro exercising his creature-concepting skills to their fullest - it's like the original Hellboy has merged with the fantasy sequences of Pan's Labyrinth. All this gorgeousness and grotesquery - the troll market, Tooth Fairies, the Golden Army itself - makes for a visual feast, but it also weighs down the action sequences. When there's so much to look at and so many details to play with, it becomes harder to block out action sequences that don't look entirely like cartoons. There's nothing here as adrenaline-pumping as Hellboy 1's fight scene in the New York Subway.
The company employs about 400 people. Its largest creditors include Haskell Jewels, American Express and FedEx Corp., according to the filing.
Yorkshire Bitter 5.0%. Brewed in Masham by Black Sheep, this beer is described as "a classic and beautifully balanced Yorkshire bitter combining hoppy notes with bittersweet malty undertones and a dry, refreshing finish.". The front label also highlights "Demerara sweetness with full malt body and citrus overtones." I don't have anything else to add to that, except that this is a pleasant and highly quaffable bitter, instantly recognisable as coming from Black Sheep and, yes I can detect the Demerara sugar lurking in the background.
The film featured appearances and performances by many of the true greats in R&B and Blues music, including Aretha Franklin, James Brown, Ray Charles, Cab Calloway, and many others.
My 4 years old nephew had passed away yesterday afternoon peacefully at home. He’s gone so fast and so easily …. alhamdulillah!
Miss Lively reportedly gave up her rental apartment in New York City's Chelsea neighborhood not so long ago and stays in hotels when in Manhattan for business or pleasure.
Mazwayi’s opinion was echoed by a score of residents interviewed in parts of Khayelitsha where vigilante action is common.
I can just about vote for the Conservatives with a clothes peg on my nose, and doubtless I will do so in a few weeks' time. But I won't work for it. The frustration is simply too great. I would much rather offer criticism and praise from the sidelines, according to mood. It is not a good thing to be contemptuous of any organisation whilst an officer (however lowly) within it.
The tears began to well up in her eyes. What she wanted more than anything was for someone to help her-- to wash her hair, take her to bed, call her boss, and maybe run to the drugstore to pick up some Gravol.
The contracts cited by AFP included the 114 million euro (RM457 million) one paid by the Malaysian government to Perimekar. The second, called “C5 contract of engineering business,” was concluded in August 2000 between DCNI, a subsidiary of DCN, and Thales International Asia worth some 30 million euro (RM132 million). The third was the “consulting agreement” signed in October 2000 between Thint Asia and Terasasi.
“Are you ensuring, at all times, that your kitty is safe from the dangers of the world?”
Allagash Four: 3.56 Mugs
I once encountered someone who said there was nothing redeemable about his mother and he was in his 60′s. I found that sad. As a child, we can internalize negativities and hold anger and resentment. As an adult, we must look deeper and be that bridge – be that connection. It was sad to me that a person could be so incredibly bitter towards someone who gave him life. If you can’t find a single positive thing about your parents, then you probably will lead a very bitter and disconnected life.
Children of the Dutch royal family are destined to carry along the torch of treason.
Two children bring their mothers (fathers/teachers who ever) a problem, one adult says, “Stop telling tales; go and sort it out yourself.” Second adult stops what they are doing, completely focusses on the child – they may go and help sort out the problem, they may not (more about this later). Which child is more likely to tell another tale?
"No, choose!"
Another era hath begun.
Yet I feel some warmth for that lonely old house
I loved this Anders Ruff invitation but I really wanted to get his photo on their so I designed my own and reworked things a bit to make it work. I love the way they turned out!
For my colleagues, so they know how much I appreciate their growing confidence and support in me. Your adventures are mine, too. We are a team!
The most important statement on the page comes at the bottom:
Throughout this presentation there have been arguments made for its political, aesthetic, cultural, historical, spiritual value, but nothing can be effectively done to save or restore this building in its current state and with its history. It’s completely, utterly hopeless.
1. Stay far away from any company or course that ‘guarantees’ you’ll make ‘X’ amount of money in a certain period of time. Even if their product is amazing they can’t guarantee a thing because they don’t know you. They have no idea how hard you’ll work or how seriously you’ll take your business.
There have been various theories suggested as to why this was the case, and I thought it useful to look at these, and the implications of the Cadder case for the testing of the video tape.
she becomes a California Girl
April 9, 2011 2:30-5:30 Gypsy Welded Shape cards
o Frye Regional Medical Center, Hickory, NC – Stroke Gold
I promise to get on to the content soon but must just add that Heriot's stylish cover shows a huge dragon clutching and gnawing diamonds. It's a nice image but I would just like to point out that there is no dragon in the story and the only diamond in the book is the name of a town. If I were a paid-up Ann McCaffrey or Christopher Paolini fan and had bought this handsome hardback on the jacket's promise, I might want my money back!
His current bluster, vagueness and lack of precision make him look like a man with something to hide - a case of 'argument weak, shout louder'.
Anyway, here is a scrapbooking page I have made for Sarah Hurley's 'tags and tickets' challenge this fortnight. I used her Halloween papers as my frames for my photos and her journalling tag to write on, plus a 'Hope' ticket from the Steampunk CD on a base of Bling 12x12 cardstock.
Strangest of all, the other Prince - the unmarried one - is a Carnatic classical singer who has performed in Nashville, and has sent me a flurry of emails since that evening. So maybe I will have royal email buddy.
So, some random things about ME…..(i mean only 7)…
Less perfect.
Upon graduation in 2003, Tanya began working full time at Wealth Management Group, LLC in Danvers, MA & continued her passion for performing. She spent the ’05, ’06, and ’07 seasons cheering for New England’s favorite Professional Football Team. During her years with the team she was selected to travel overseas with the Air Force Reserves to entertain troops from all branches of the military. Tanya and five other women from her squad visited Iraq, Afghanistan, Turkey, Germany, and Qatar. She was also selected as one of 8 women to travel to China in 2007 to promote American Football. In addition Tanya was a Boston Bruins Ice Girl for the the 2008-2009 season.
When canyons were mountains and oceans were raindrops, I loved you. When the stars blink out of existence, I'll still love you.
In September, we enjoyed a week of the hottest days of the year. After an unusually cool summer, this was a much needed way to end the season. I tackled the GRE and then immediately started fall quarter. Yikes, that still makes me exhausted thinking about it.
4 tbh thick coconut cream/milk
--Leave some comments!
Alan Paul
As I write this, I realize this applies to almost all learning, not just language. So these habits might help with the life-long learning that a happy and successful life requires. Do you recognize these steps from your own experience? When did you last consciously follow these steps? What happened?!
4. A paper on animal testing I wrote with a hangover the size of the Good Year Blimp my sophomore year of college
and i really got the feeling i don't have enough in stock...
I am excited about this change in my life I want to live more sustainably and I want to teach my daughter to also live as sustainably as possible. The hardest part for me will be when I need to take my daughter somewhere. I see many people with their kids in their bike trailer but I won’t do that because I don’t trust motorists enough. Another hard part will be drying clothes during these beginning days of summer.
Jimi Hendrix.
I was really happy with the result though. The texture is not as dense as regular NY cheesecake due to the addition of the fruit puree and I'm loving the tropical flavor! One thing I learn about making baked fruit-flavored cheesecake (at least for mango or mango passion fruit) is that the flavor concentrates and the color becomes stronger after baked. I'm making notes of all the things I need to modify for next time but until I get it perfected, I won't post the recipe just yet.
Lewis Schaffer: Eight Free Sisters Thom Dibdin
Well, this “friend” is just weird….on top of being just plain manipulative. There are so many specifics that I want to go into because you will laugh and cringe simultaneously. Like America’s Funniest Home Videos. But better. But I fear the wrath. It’s the ones that are patient enough to hit you hard over the long haul that you have to watch out for…it’s always the patient ones. Maybe once I have the Atlantic Ocean between us I will have the gall to go into more detail then…
Anyway, back to this picture, it reminded me a little of what I’ve just written. I’ve always regarded myself as the red connection. The outsider, the one that’s different. Made to be because the others are joined together and you’re left on your own. I’ve not really seen that as a problem, because I’m very independent, I’ve had to be!
Humility is something that does not come easily to human beings. Most of us feel at times that we are better than, or more deserving than, or more entitled than at least someone. However, humility is a crucial virtue when it comes to having a right relationship with God.
1 arrange
Day 5 – Denmark Berry Farm, Denmark Maze, and more wine tasting
Stunts: (7/10) – Some of the physical action in Wrath is actually surprisingly brutal and fun to watch. Even if Ares feels like he lacks a real sense of divinity for example, at least scenes where he and Perseus hash it out feel nicely executed and fun to watch. There’s some cool physical work involving fighting the chimera, and traversing Hepahestus’ labyrinth, and something that Wrath really did end up improving is the quality of the stunts. Clash seemed to rely on special effects more often for its action scenes, and at least Wrath manages to pull off some more old-fashioned battles every now and again, which makes them hit harder and feel more believable. That being said though, I found that some of the action scenes can be a bit choppy and difficult to follow, taking away from some of the otherwise impressive stunts. Even if there’s some patchy spots in some of the action scenes though, all in all, Wrath’s stuntwork is an improvement over the original film, and that counts for something in a sequel.
Seriously, if something isn’t listed, it’s likely because of one of these reasons:
Julianna has been playing some kickass songs in class lately – one of which has really resonated with me. I’m totally not hip – so I had to Shazam it. (love that app!)
It was on that same afternoon I saw Paul Andrews. The heat had done little to compromise his dress sense. Although he wore shorts, his buttoned shirt made me, with my bare chest, feel somewhat under dressed, even for drinking lager in the park. He was looking for an ice-cream van; I told him I was looking for a new team to play for. When I explained the extent of the situation he was as surprised and disappointed as I could have expected Paul Andrews to be. He wondered off into the horizon looking for ice-cream with a sheepish look on his face.
This is the pergola at the back of the yard. The fence down the center of it marks the center of the yard. There is an old grape vine along the fence and M now has it tied to the pergola in order to train it along the top. He’s also planted grape vines on either end (where the wire cages are) and a lilac at the center front. In a couple of years, this will be a lovely shady place to sit on those hot summer afternoons.
Xypherous: Precisely. You are wise, Phreak.
Well, after our meeting with Pastor Gayle, God opened my mouth and gave me things to say to draw his people deeper into worshiping Him. As time moved along I started playing keyboard too. Isn’t God funny? Never say never to Him.
Applying soft paraffin additionally helps to get rid lice. Out of this process and diligent combing is usually not enough to get rid of these pests from your home. Cover your head with a shower cap and leave on overnight. What do I do if treatment fails? What to do when faced with an attack and what treatments recommended as effective? What sort of insect you can expect to see and how you can prevent infestation of head lice? You should didn’t share brushes, combs, hair pieces, hats, bedding and clothing with someone who has lice.
There's only one thing we know for sure, even if some of us don't feel comfortable admitting it. They are, like all Muslims-even the best of them-mentally enslaved to the mentality of a savage, seventh century death cult, and the only peace possible to achieve with them is going to require the shedding of a hell of a lot more blood than has thus far been shed.
So here’s the plan. Fitness Magazine’s March issue has a “Dream Physique” plan that will help you get your “dream physique” in 21 days. So, that’s what I’m going to start with. This is a workout only plan. There is no meal plan to accompany it which is good because as I mentioned before this is not a diet. This workout was designed by Marco Borges and he says that a “five-days-a-week commitment is the key to both weight loss results and making a routine stick.” So I’m going to put that to the test because I need something that will stick and give me results. Here is a link to the moves that I’ll be performing each week: www.fitnessmagazine.com/turnaround This is Borges’ 21-day transformation plan:
Race Record Starts: 46; 1st: 6; 2nd: 10; 3rd: 5; Win & Place Prize Money: £751,521
If that little pup had stayed in the willows because of his fear, another predator would have gotten to him and his life would have ended. There is no need to remain in the world if you have stopped short of following Christ. Today is the day of Salvation and Jesus offers it freely. He died on the cross, shed ALL of His precious blood to pay the price for your sins and make a way for you to escape Hell. He died for you, you personally because He loves you. God raised Him up from the grave three days later and He rose victorious over death, hell and the grave. He has won life for everyone who will come to Him and place their faith in Him. As a Christian, sometimes we need to remind ourselves of this great Victor we have as a Saviour. There is NOTHING He has not conquered and defeated! My God is my Refuge, my Hope!
“HIS BAD.”
"We know things can change quickly, but it's obvious what we do from here on."
A cat settling in your lap or nearby who half-closes his eyes isn’t showing a lack of interest; rather, closed eyes imply total trust and relaxation. (And whether you’re saying something fascinating or boring doesn’t much matter to the cat anyway.)
Hello! I been thinking about sending in my story but i am a bit frightened that my boss will read it. But i know that you guys keep it confidential. Here it goes: I work for a family outside of LA and MB and DB usually work from home. They have a 19 month old boy (K). I make 15$ and work around 25 hrs. I am a young nanny but have worked for great families and have never had issues with any of them until now.
Lawyers representing Hines, of Upper Gornal, yesterday unsuccessfully attempted to persuade three appeal judges that the sentence was too long.
I think an important thing to consider in b&w is to not overdue the effect. After I do all my adjustments I take a break and work on a color image or just be away from the computer for a while. Come back, see that you over did it more than Fox news during election season and then bring it back to a more realistic value.
On Saturday, we went to our favorite hotel in the museum district, Hotel ZaZa. We got hour long massages at the ZaSpa and then spent the rest of the day longing by the pool---sipping mimosas and eating a delicious lunch!
Gin and tonic
Twitter: www.twitter.com/meggjensen
He denies all that he once could see
Thin Lizzy - Don't Believe A Word
Or the white milk of mothers who intended its pure draught
That’s the world our choices over the last three decades or so have been preparing for us, and for our grandchildren’s grandchildren. In such a world, the people who will have the most to offer their communities, their societies, and the biosphere that supports all our lives will be those who have the courage, now, to walk away from the consumer economy and its smorgasbord of dubious pleasures, and learn, now, how to get by with less, use their own capacities of body and mind, and work with the patterns and processes of nature. For the time being—specifically, until we get close enough to the crisis period that even the most nonviolent challenge to the existing order calls down massive violence in response—protest can still accomplish goals worth pursuing, especially if activists wake up once again to the power of personal example; over the longer run, though, it’s the change on the individual, family, and community level that so many of today’s activists reject as pointless that have the most to offer the world.
Like the soldier - is his love secret, or missed, as he is away from home?
Me and my high-school friends had our yearly out-of-country trip last Feb 10-16. Our destination would be Bali, Indonesia but since there are no direct flights from Manila to Bali, we booked flight going to Jakarta, and then stay there for about a day and then go to Bali.
We think we're isolated and absorbed in our own activities. We don't believe we belong to a larger realm. Why should we? Our vision extends only to as far as we can see. But this is one of those times we need to stop seeing, and just think about what we can't. Every incident eminates ripples beyond our own sphere.
And you think it stopped there? The final sweet course was a heavenly honey maize cake. Served with sweet corn and smoked meringue swimming in a shallow milk and honey bath. So basically we rolled home. Full as eggs… and running out of petrol. Thankfully we got home. And that was that weekend.
Red Hibiscus & Acai Lotion Soap – This softly scented Handmade Lotion Soap has a pale pink swirl in it which looks like a breath of pink breeze. Beautiful to look at in a soap dish as well as wonderful to use at a sink, in the shower, or bath.
This morning Sadie didn’t want to wake up
Good luck, my dear friend. This particular Mercury retrograde is retrograde in your sign! All kinds of people, information, and events from the past are swirling around you now. Ex-partners might be on the scene. But on a day-to-day basis, so many details in your life seem to be piling up, you feel like you're losing control. You forget things, misplace things, or lose things. You might be blowing appointments, or held up with delays, or just feel generally overwhelmed by life. Don't worry! We all have of these times when we are up to our armpits in alligators. Remind yourself that this will pass. (Especially if you drink a lot of water.) A month from now - all this is a memory.
I'm aware that some people believe that God sends hardships to test them this way. We lose people we love, we suffer great disappointments in life and grieve over losses. Personally, I don't believe God sends these things.
You both wrote the fictional parts of this documentary and directed it – what made you want to focus on this particular subject in the first place?
I've been asked one time or another by those who are curious about the path that I have chosen. Some have asked me, "You're not a Christian and you don't follow Christian rules, what are you, a devil worshiper?" I've also been told once or twice, "It is stated in the Bible that thou shalt not suffer a witch to live." And my personal favorite, "You can do magic? Do you do black or white magic?"
A terrible community constitutes itself in opposition to an opponent and, in that opposition, closes in on itself and begins to rot. Some say that Olympia, once home to ELF cells, the diffuse network of Port Militarization Resistance, and a broad community of anarchists, has become little more than a stale, dusty closet, a cafe-to-show circuit, a green-washed, gentrifying haven of the left. In short, a terrible community. COMMUNE is an experiment. On the negative side, it exposes that Olympia runs business as usual despite its high activist-per-capita ratio and radical reputation. But the film also reveals the existence of many different communes, spreading on their own, outside of anarchist or radical circles.
because that was the question about his girl
She is very much so the same sweet mare that she was before, but more alert and very protective of the colt. She bumped herself up several ranks for the sake of the baby - before she was at the bottom of the back, and now she is giving the other mare that she is turned out with (who was highly ranked above her) some serious grief about getting too close to her baby. The colt himself is very inquisitive and curious and cute - I like him. I like her a heck of a lot more, and having him around means I can't exactly just take her out and groom her whenever I want, but there you are. At some point he'll be bigger, and then we can see about getting her back to being handled a bit more.
Numero 2: Real piñatas are exciting and dangerous. Someone usually ends up crying from being clunked on the head. Kids are let loose to grab all the candy they can, by means fair or foul. The piñatas I’ve been to here (admittedly, most of which I was hosting) tend to be more “fair” with Moms evenly dividing out the candy afterwards….heh heh, and making sure no one gets clobbered. I’ve heard that in Mexico piñatas can still be made out of clay pots…that would definitely add an element of danger, with shards flying into the group of children!
by Zak Ellison
Then it's time for the most important part: walking the runway. A couple of seconds before it was my turn, I got a little bit nervous – what if I fall down? But the moment when I stood there, with all those people looking at me, I felt very confident. 'Don't think and look straight ahead ' was all that went trough my head, only the moment when I turned around and walked away I realised that I didn't fell, and my shoes and dress were still at the right place! Great! Then off to the backstage again were I had to change quickly into the next outfit, time for the next round!
- It must have fallen out when I hit that bump.
Luckily, being a holiday for much of the country, traffic was light and the horror only lasted 15 minutes before we arrived at the office. Swallowing big gulps of fresh air I got out of the cab and shakily handed over the fare...."keep the change mate" I tell him, "have a good one, drive safely". "Very good, very good" I hear him saying as I slammed the door shut and on legs like snapped candles ,walked towards the building. I would be passing on breakfast....
Blogging can be a wonderfully versatile form of self (and public) expression: you can use it as a journal; to showcase your art (photography, painting, comics, short stories, longer stories...); to share a subject you're knowledgeable about, or to document the process as you learn about a brand new subject; to keep people up-to-date on a community project; to provide support and information, to make connections with others, and a thousand other uses. Basically? Blogging is really cool! In this workshop, we'll aim to have every attendee figure out what they want their blog to be about, then set up an account and blog with Blogger (a free platform that lets you create and customize blogs). We'll also dicuss networking with other bloggers, building a readership, and other relevant blogging basics. Though this is a one time workshop, there's the possibility, if attendees are interested, in continuing to learn and share through a blogging club. Experienced bloggers who want to share their knowledge and experience are also very welcome to attend!
I think I might have lost my will to blog. I sit in front of my computer and there’s just nothing. Not an inkling of creativity not a whisper of a word. Is this the end of Love and Stuff? Please say it isn’t so! (Gosh I’m such a drama queen)
So if you have been anywhere near sunshine lately, start wearing your sunblock and be safe.
Ink: Chalkboard (Chestnut Roane) and Memento Pear Tart
I adhere the DSP onto the flap of the purse and then ran the purse through the Vintage Wallpaper embossing folder. To do this you actually have to run it through the big shot twice to cover the entire purse with texture. I used the Paper Piercer to pierce a hole in the top of both of the sides of the bag and the front of the bag just under the slit. Then you simply put a piece of sticky strip on the two side tabs, fold on the score lines, and adhere the tabs inside the front and back of the purse to form it. Super easy!
It won't be truthful to say everything went according to the plan... Ordy was under the impression that their hubbies would be in tow- half way to Tennessee I got a text that said it was "us girls".... ruh-roh. I didn't even know how to break the news to Ordy... so I didn't. Poor guy got blindsided when we pulled up to Laina's cabin and there were no boys in sight... He thought I suckered him into a girl's trip! Aw, I would never ever ever do that!!! After a five minute pow-wow and me explaining myself to him, he really did put his game face on and was a real trooper! Another reason why I am obsessed with that boy, he woke up at 5 am, picked me up, and drove me to Tennessee just to go thrifting with a bunch of girls. He's the best.
But anywho, for IDUD, I wanted to show her more ladylike. She may be a vixen to men, but she doesn't seem to have any particular dislike of women. Other then if they jack with her plants. so I did Poison Ivy on her way to the Garden Club. I think she'd adore it. No clear face in any of the pictures, because I wanted it dark and like the dark nature of women. So much imagery of Poison Ivy seems to be that, kind of a mother nature thing.
Once and a while you come across a hotel that is not just a place to stay and sleep but a place to become increasingly obsessed with within the first 40 minutes you're there. You can't blame me. There are golden anchors dangling from balconies, pewter tubs you could drown in in every room with bubble bath and roses all around, the warmest coziest white towels everywhere you look, movie selections, an outdoor light wood patio surrounded by vines looking out into the industrial remanence of the sky at sundown. The bed.... I can't even get near it because i am 100% sure that if i put one foot on it i'll sleep for a week straight. There is a bright white tiled shower that feels like you're standing in the middle of a tropical storm naked. Washing yourself with coconut & vanilla shampoo. The door to our room leads straight downstairs to the back door of the Pub. Since 1841, The Fox and Anchor is tucked away on a beautiful ancient English street, cobbled and uneven and welcoming to everyone.
workout: 40 minutes of 10 Minute Solution Pilates on Netflix (4, 10 min segments - abs, sculpt, burn, flexibility)
At the time:
Bobby was working late - I knew our anniversary was the next day but I hadn't gotten him a card yet. My son needed a new lunch box because he'd lost his last year, so I used that as an excuse to run to the store at almost 8 p.m.
Today, we seem to have reached a turning point. Perhaps not a conscious one, but just like the changes brought about by rising wealth, an inevitable one. The money has run out, the opportunities for the individual have declined and many people are perhaps waking up to what has gone, and just how much we really rely on each other. Yet, in wishing for old ideas of community to return, we must also be careful not to look down those terraced streets with rose-tinted spectacles.
So 3 biopsies later and some bandages slapped on, I left and went and picked up Vince. And with the regular chaos of the rest of the day, I completely forgot all about them. They were still numb, so I didn’t even feel the areas until right around when we were hurrying to get to soccer practice on time.
Blank stare and a flat “no.” And with that, I realize this is going to become joke fodder: Unbelievably Bizarre Films Didion Thinks She Can Make Me Watch.
These days, crazes seem built to last. But back then, one after another passed through our lives: frisbees, spacehoppers, skateboards - you name it, we had it. What we never had, though don't think we didn't toy with the idea, was our own pair of roller skates.
The engineer said: Must have run away. Wake everyone up.
There was also this cool souvenir from Rigi Kulm. It is a note pad made of celluloid with a tiny pencil on a string. There are still notes on some of the celluloid pages.
The danger isn’t in the television. It just isn’t.
Well, here's my Kindle book loot and adventures thus far ...
Dec 29th – feels like a kid sneaking to get online. 3 hilarious things from today - 1) took the forever long dirt road here & stopped to pick about 4 people when they yelled to the ones behind them & so on. Next thing we know there are 25+ back there, 2) saw a chicken & a goat fight AND have it on video, 3) took a 15 min shower & as soon as George got in, the power went off. You should've heard him scream. Bahaha! Night!
“Traditional sensors take in a single point measurement, giving a very accurate measurement that might be by a roadside.
Gazette Bulletin number CR:
Doyle prodded, “So, what’s the plan? The press will be merciless when they find out she left you. It’ll make front page headlines all over the country, which, I might add, won’t do your image any good. We need to come up with a plausible story to head this off.”
Well someone was impressed by my insightful copy, because CBS Outdoor's PR company, Edelman, invited me to the awards that took place last night at the Getty Gallery (thanks, Katie, and hello Will).
President Zardari had planned a private visit to visit the holy shrine at Ajmer—a much revered Sufi saint’s burial place. Obviously he hoped that the Indians would do something besides just extend courtesy and protocol. There are those who think that the visit to the shrine was orchestrated to create an opportunity for a meeting where the two leaders could speak frankly. If this was not the case then the options for the Indians were to just let it remain a private visit or to extend an invitation for an official visit with all its implications or to do what they did—turn it into a kind of working visit. This worked well because from all accounts the visit was a success and achieved much in terms of understanding and trust. The Indians seem to have come to the conclusion that Mr Zardari and his son are people they can work with.
Level 14: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 12%.
I should trust myself more. This is a challenge because I haven’t been very self-aware in the past. I think this is linked to my devaluation of my self-worth. Due to my abuse I haven’t felt that I was very valuable, so trusting my own feelings over other’s opinions still is a challenge. So maybe this is God telling me to use the gift of wisdom he has given me. Maybe my reluctance to continue therapy with T is His way of telling me that I need to find someone else.
I see His love and mercy
Amongst other things, the training programs have the below features:
-I am getting tired.
I know that as an unpublished writer, I won’t have anything to show or assure you that my work is suitable. But that does not mean it is not good; it just means I may have fresh or new ideas.
if I don’t say a word.
I’ve been recycling glass jars by slowly replacing the smaller plastic food containers we’ve been using. But, despite having my husband really go at that sticky residue, we just couldn’t get it all off. Enter the internet where I found various suggestions including peanut butter. I thought “Why not?” and gave it a try. Worked brilliantly! Smooth some on the jar, use a rag or one of those scrubber sponges to go over the area, and rinse. Who knew? (Apparently a lot of people – just not me.)
I have one more room to dust and vacuum before I call it quits for the day. If you drop in over Easter weekend, you are welcome in any of the main floor rooms but don't you dare go upstairs! The beds will be made but I can't guarantee that bunnies won't be up there to greet you, and they won't be the Easter variety. I think this one has become a permanent resident but I don't remember buying her that coffee mug.
Yes! For me it was important and empowering. I had a good friend Terry that had gone through it a year before. I immediately felt I should have been more sympathetic to her, listened to her better, and I should have asked more questions. But she understood, never felt I was insensitive, and she volunteered to answer every tiny question I had, happily.
To A-Z
In 2001 I had my twins and came home to Scotland; at around the same time I discovered YA books (I bought them on the pretence of building a library for my kids’ future, but read them all myself). YA was in this golden age, and I found it was what I really wanted to write. I also discovered manuscript advice services like Hilary Johnson’s, and I can’t recommend them highly enough.
Notes: Can be substituted for your quarterly financial report, but only once every third quarter or so. Any more than that and they’ll catch on.
This Psalm is a beatitude and it stands at the front of our most ancient song book/book of prayers. The Psalmist puts before us two paths. On one path walks the blessed person; on the other walks the wicked. And if the blessed one never steps foot onto the path of the wicked, we can be sure and certain that the wicked person never steps foot on the path of the righteous person. The Lord watches over the way of the righteous, but the way of the wicked? It appears not so much since their way will be destroyed.
Sports chatter is a very common subject for small talk and is a plague upon my existence. There is no good way to handle the situation, but invariably it happens to me almost every day. Not many situations are more awkward and disconcerting for me
Birth daughter looking for birthmother or relatives. I was born on the (date removed), in Montreal, giving name at birth was Brenna.
One of the things our Kaiser Optifast group leader emphasizes, especially now that we are out of the Phase 1 rapid weight loss phase, is that to live with a meal plan for the long-term, it has to be foods we like! If we are eating stuff to lose weight or maintain weight loss but we don’t feel happy and satisfied, or we are trying to keep eating stuff we don’t care for, it won’t work for the long-term. We’ll get bored, or feel deprived, and want variety, treats, etc. It’s human nature, since humans are basically pleasure-driven creatures…
Many girls wish that they could magically get their ex-boyfriend to like them again, or even for something as simple as bigger boobs and longer hair. If given the chance I’m sure that we’d all change something about ourselves or our lives so when our heroine Lex and her best friend George play a mysterious online Sims like game starring not only themselves but also their group of friends who can blame them for tinkering around with the online settings? Giving themselves a better image and adding a few wishful thinking improvements regarding who likes who in the group. But when what’s happening in the game starts also unexplainably happening in real life too Lex and George feel like they’ve won the jackpot. They have ultimate control over their friend’s looks, love lives and even personalities and can change things for the better right at their fingertips. But sometimes what we think we want isn’t always what we need which is something that Luisa Plaja explores to extremes in this weirdly wonderful story.
We also had the opportunity of going on late night hikes and seeing (or as much as we could!) the landscape in a different perspective. Of course there was the occasional scream, but it was all in good fun!
Informational session: An informational session consisting of several presentations and discussion will be held from 2 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. May 25 in Mass Media and Technology Hall Auditorium. During this informational session, several topics will be discussed, including the history of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the composition and breakup of the former Yugoslavia, the war and genocide in Bosnia between 1992 and 1995, Islam and Culture in Bosnia, and contemporary Bosnian life in America.
As they got closer I stepped clear of that girl and unzipped my jacket at those two guys. When I did the guy threw down the bottle and they walked by cussing at me. If someone challenges you after you indicate you are armed, say "I don't have a gun." Then they will know you do.
I asked 002 to watch after the twins. I can't remember if it was while I went to work or if it was while I went to a doctor's appointment with 007. I was taking them to someone's house to watch them and asked 002 to help them not be sad while I was gone. I liked to give her something to do because it helped her stay focused and not think about why I wasn't there.
"Red Meat Does Not Raise Risk of Cancer, Heart Disease"
This book is bursting with fascinating facts about daily life in the 1300′s- facts that might not be mentioned in other history books. Some of the common misconceptions of 14th century people are challenged as well- the great unwashed that eat slop? Barbarians that kill and mutilate without a second thought? This myths are shown to be untrue, with evidence and argument to back it up. The dialogue reads easily, is uncomplicated and appeals to anyone- whether they are new to the 14th century, or a regular visitor.
DSLR cameras capture their images on a silicon semiconductor referred to as a “image sensor.” Digital Single Lens Reflex (DSLR) cameras use either a CCD (Charge Coupled Device) or CMOS (Complementary metal–oxide–semiconductor) image sensor. Most point and shoot cameras use a CCD sensor (excluding cameras like the Nikon D3000) while almost all DSLR’s use a CMOS image sensor. CMOS image sensors derive their name from the way they are manufactured. They are cut from a CMOS wafer which is cheaper to produce then a CCD wafer, provides less power consumption, and also allow for more involved circuitry along side of the photosite array.
"The good son"
I'm hoping that all changes soon!!
Edit - he just called me up the garden to help him save a baby blackbird who got stuck in his strawberry net so the nature loving boy is still there , oh and he resuscitated his gold fish the other day - never have I seen a fish be bought back to life - this kid has talent lol :-)
So, the next day, I plopped myself down at the table at lunch and told the lunch bunch the “Vickie story.” When they finished laughing hysterically at me, one of my friends (I shall call her Sharon), had the nerve to ask me, after she wiped the laughing tears from her eyes. “So, are you going to write to the real Ale-Alejandro?” And my answer, in a school building, in a professional teacher voice, was, “Are you F*cking kidding me?????” And they all cracked up again.
Mayhem - Inesse Ray Keith Remix (Face Records)
41. Between Here and Forever Elizabeth Scott
Notes on Ingredients: I used Bellringer gin and Absinthe Verte de Fougerolles
to paint it, i covered the surface of the mirror with paper, being sure to tuck it in between the frame and the mirror.
When asked early this month whether Washington believed that the Islamist party would uphold the treaty, State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said that the party “has made commitments to us in this regard.”
I would spread the cloths under your feet:
6. My World Is Empty Without You
Good. Now you’ve got some goals; some things you know you want to change. But one of the biggest problems for people when setting SMART goals is the T: Time-sensitive. They just can’t answer for themselves one big question: when!?! When will you hit that goal by? - and as they start trying to answer the question of when the excuses and “reasons” start popping up (reason is just code for excuse, right?).
I realize that this is a rather extensive list and that even the most super of Santas may have trouble with it. Therefore, I am prepared to accept delivery no later than September 4th, 2010.
(If you decided to prep this in advance, refrigerate the mixture at this point until ready to continue.)
We spent the entire morning at the Grand Palace. It was great to recapture my love of the place which I had kind of lost having been there so many times when we had visitors.
powdered sugar for coating
As you may know know I'm taking part in the first round of Marsha Neal's 'Silk Color Palette Challenge' which gives you the opportunity to create your own palette from Marsha's silks using a photographic image as inspiration. It's good fun and a great way to get those creative juices flowing plus participants have the chance to win fabulous goodies. So, as a second giveaway I'm offering a bundle of silk in my own 'Souks of Marrakesh' colour palette to one random winner who shares Marsha's 'Silk Color Palette Challenge' blog page which you'll find here on their own blog or facebook page. Please make sure you leave a separate entry for this indicating that it is for the silk bundle draw.
3. Love Me With All Your Heart
and a drop of cream to colour the brew
a rewind reality check
As she crossed the room, the clapping hands ringing in her ears, she risked the briefest glance at the man in the second row. But even in that instant, she felt his eyes breach the barricade she’d constructed around herself so long ago, that bulwark about her soul that isolated her from the hurtful world outside.
Don't forget that you still have time to enter our first eclectic Challenge. You have an entire weekend, too. Will you accept the challenge? What can you create with some Distress Ink, some dies and en egg carton. The E-Team wants to see. You can view some of the entires and upload your own creation HERE.
We advise the regional countries against providing a basis for their presence,”foreign ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast told reporters.
between stale coffee and cheap talk
sure that Santa Claus would bring it to her.' I
Tim and Laurie Thornton amazed us as they skillfully played, sang and told stories of what the Lord had done in their lives. At one point in the concert, my mind started to drift and the thoughts began to eat away at my brain, "What if it doesn't work out? What if he breaks my heart? What if this isn't right?" And in that moment I heard the Lord whisper to me, "He is your gift." All of the sudden a million other questions entered my mind, "For now? For this year? Forever?" But no answer was given... just that he was my gift.
* But tonight, I need to take my contacts out, put on my favorite black lounge pants, and lounge.
And nature is heartbeat,
“Let me see your passport.” he demanded.
Merry Christmas!! The Yuletide is one of my favorite seasons. The caroling, the presents, the repetitive television specials, I love all of it. But the joy of Christmas hides a darker, more dangerous element, an element which threatens the lives of people around the world. Most people are sadly unaware these dangers, so I’ve taken it upon myself to educate the general public. I’m referring, of course, to the Krampus, the monster of Christmas.
You know how I’m a picky eater and I won’t eat stuff simply because I don’t like the sound of it? Well, on Saturday I met my BFF Lisa Gioia-Acres and her cooler-than-moi daughter, Adrian, for lunch at the Texas de Brazil steakhouse in Town Square. Why so fancy-schmancy? It was Adrian’s birthday and she’s worth it.
On the drive to my son’s basketball game, I thought I saw a cloud that looked like a big cotton ball……it was quite shocking…..
Sam likes One Direction… Is that why Freddie’s joining a band? Pretzels for thought…
His view from behind that bland skin
These are so yummy! Gluten free super filling pancakes and a really healthy option for a lunch of light dinner..
- Krampus Legend and Arts Workshop (KLAW): $800.00 for the Krampus Legend and Arts Workshop that will include films, puppet shows, a parade and more to promote the legend of the Krampus.
2. Set Behavioral Boundaries
As sad as it is, I have several friends that have had much darker days than I. Many, such as the one above, have had not been able to take their babies home from the hospital. One, very recently, lost his four year old son in a tragic accident. Another lost the love of her life to breast cancer 10 months ago (still missing you Jen, love you Cathy).
They must understand that Obama's win did not symbolise the victory of any racial group. It was a triumph of a society which strives to ensure that all citizens have the opportunities they need to take responsibility for their lives, irrespective of the circumstances of their birth, and become the best they can be.
- party like a one year old
But with the weird and the bad, came good (as life usually does), I officially got in a relationship with...Will. Ha, I felt weird talking about him on my blog, but now, I don't care. It might've been a little sudden, but it didn't feel that way to us. I've known him for five years, and he's the greatest guy I've ever known. He treats me completely different than guys have in the past...and that means something to me. All my family and closest friends can see a change in me, in this guy, and that also confirmed it for me. The feelings I get with him are just so different, and yes, a little scary. I'm falling for him fast because it feels so effortlessly, but with that, you have your guard up. My step-mother Kim, told me it's okay to let yourself be vulnerable, and just feel what you are feeling. She's right. I say it every time, but everyone deserves a cleans slate, even if you have been hurt every single time. I'm scared, but I want to take this chance on something great. I teased Will the other day; in five years, we don't have one good picture with each other. Guess we'll just have to fix that won't we?! Just so thrilled with this. He gets me better than a lot of people do, and every day I find something else we have in common with one another. I love it, I truly do.
For the first time in franchise history, the Predators topped the Red Wings in points, thus giving Nashville home ice advantage. This isn’t, however, the first time Nashville and Detroit have faced one another in the first round of the playoffs. Nashville and Detroit met in both 2004 and 2008, but Detroit powered through both times, ending the Predators from the get-go. This year is different. Nashville has been predicted over Detroit in almost all circumstances, and for once, the Red Wings find themselves on the underdog side of the fence.
Mind you, I don’t let my kids to sit on the couch for hours on end every day. During the week (when I’m parenting solo) I limit the amount of time the TV is on. I do my best to keep them entertained with books, arts & crafts, dancing and playtime. However, when the dishes call or dinner needs to be prepared, I have no problem turning on my electronic-babysitter for 10-15 minutes at a time.
I am amazed at the difference having 0.25mils out makes. My band feels 100 times more comfortable and PBing is down to a minimum. And best of all, I really do feel full after eating even though I am not eating much.
On with the episode.
I don’t think the solution to the Groupthink process is to eliminate it. Collaborative work has brought about a lot good material. What needs to be eliminated or mitigated is the sense of anxiety of influence.
The Padawan is also doing great. She has passed her due date, and has now been promoted in status from externalized fetus to official baby. She even looks like one now, all rosy cheeks and chubby belly. The health visitor came a couple of days ago, and she was at her birth weight plus 10%. She’s eating very well, slurping down 100 mls at a time with no persuasion necessary. Just the opposite, we have to slow her down or she gets gripey. She actually slept for four hours last night. Four hours!!
-Jim Tiroch
The growing health consciousness of Americans is probably the most important reason for the surge of interest in vegetarianism. Nutrition experts have built up convincing evidence that there are major problems with the conventional American diet, which is centered around meat products that are high in cholesterol and saturated fat, while low in fiber. Heart disease, cancer and diabetes, which cause 68% of all deaths in America, are all believed to be influenced by diet.
Three children...14yo identical twin girls(adopted locally as infants) and a 7 yo boy(adopted from China in 2010). All are adopted. None look like me or my husband. We consider it a call from God to parent children. We don't feel proficient. It isn't the same.
It’s truly flabbergasting that this film was written and directed by the same guy that directed Body Heat and The Big Chill and that wrote Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back as well as Raiders of the Lost Ark. Those films, especially those last two, are just truly iconic cinematic gems, films that as soon as you hear their name a particular scene or moment or piece of music comes to mind; Darling Companion, on the other hand, seems to be the exact opposite of that for some reason. It’s the sort of film that you’ll have to think for a while to remember what it was when people ask you about just a few months from now, the kind of film that is just too mild-mannered for it to make any kind of impact, the kind of film in which the stakes are just too low for you to really care about what happens in it.
14 realized
Because he learned that the best way to trim down is to get physical, I don’t think he’ll ask me again what is three best diet pill on the market. Let me say that again: I don’t think hubby will ever ask me what the three best diet pills are on the market. There, that sounds better!
For 2012 we will have a raft of rules changes that will alter the look and performance of the car. For most of the new cars, we will immediately see the impact of the lower nose regulations. Then the big story of 2010-2011 of exhaust blown diffusers (EBDs) comes to an end with stringent exhaust placement rules and a further restriction on blown engine mappings.
I stopped trying Belgians by the time this one was widely available in Houston, but I couldn't pass it up for one reason, here about a month ago.
Millennial Behaviors and Higher Education Focus Group (Jam-Packed!) Richard Sweeney, New Jersey Institute of Technology focus group among Millennials, discussing these young people's characteristics: Direct, confident, inclusive and tolerant … Abstract thinkers, adaptive, organized and self-disciplined … READ LESS, digital natives/ gamers, want practical consumer choices and personalized/customized products … Impatient multi-taskers, experiential learners who seek balance in their lives. Focus group held among 12 college Millennials (born 1979-1994).
We’re here on this big blue ball for eighty years or so, I figure we may as well take that mind, that potential and those ideas of ours out for a spin and see what we can do.
We have seen that the book of Esther lays out a fairly accurate spiritual chronology of God’s gospel program. It begins with Vashti representing Israel. Then she is put away as Israel was at the cross. The gathering of virgins to Shushan relates to all those brought into the churches during the church age. The discovery of the rebellious plot of the 2 doorkeepers, and their judgment points to the end of the church age. The promotion of Haman and his desire to kill Mordecai and the Jews clearly relates to Satan taking his seat in the temple, and the image of the beast that was set up in the churches. Any not worshipping it were to be killed. The spiritual chronology continues up until May 21. Let’s see how the book of Esther makes the connection with the date of May 21. And in doing so, we will also see that May 21 is locked in as the beginning day of judgment.
1204 **D-III/26/1995. “A Return to Paradise Lost.” Sunday Platform Meeting, The Ethical Humanist Society of Chicago, Evanston, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1996(5), above, pp. 320-31.)
Phone: (212)782-3890
Polished
Chuck grew up and now works for the government. He's currently figuring out how to give us our money back.
Keep in mind that small children can be rascals. All you have to do is leave them unattended a minute playing by the car when they realize they left their favorite toy inside. Next thing you know they are playing in the car w/out realizing how hot is and perhaps even trap themselves inside. When we have that mom moment "hey it's too quiet, what's wrong?" it may be too late.
It's not so much I am missing you.
Remember how you worked for, like, 2 weeks the you stopped?
Lee Sander, Executive Director, MTA
This GOP Fembot/televangelist/CIA-controlled asset was raised in tightly structured military environment, a living “Caribou Barbie Doll” — initial early age base trauma inflicted in Sandpoint Idaho, then transplanted to Alaska at three yrs old – only travelled outside U.S. once before Hong Kong trip in 2009 –a blank slate for her programmers/handlers to use while pimping her out, riding wave of angst, driven by fear/ignorance/economic losses suffered by rabid fans, deluded as to her origins/purpose — SarahPac, phony Legal Defense Fund, Harper Collins book tour, speaking fees @ $100-200K each — Alaskan MK Kitty continues to fill coffers of Bilderberger Rupert Murdoch’s media empire…
Projects look yummy don't they? I haven't done any stringing with Soft Flex wire in quite awhile. Patel puts a new spin on it and I can't wait to dive in. Are there any techniques you haven't tried in awhile?
The Kay Bob’s name is a play on kebabs. The meat line-up is kebab-esque in preparation and it’s a simple choice of seven combinations right now. Each sandwich is a puffy, white, flat bread wrap. The Tammie Rae brings ties together barbecue chicken, Cole slaw and melted Jack cheese. It’s straightforward and satisfying. The Uncle Bob is a burger wrapped up with lettuce, tomato and your choice of sauce. The horseradish sauce is a bit tame, but the quality of the local beef stands out with a pleasant sweetness. The sides include crispy and thick-cut sweet potato chips; a mellow and chilled black bean and corn salad; skinny hand-cut fries; and flavorful sweet sesame slaw with a crunch from Raman.
...that if I see one more post/tweet/status update about losing weight I might barf.
Not only did my boys love this book but I enjoyed it too. My kids love it when we read the same book. I love it because we sit down and chat about the book and I'm often surprised at how much detail they remember that my old brain forgets!
They always have sources who materialise just in time in an underground parking lot, and hand them big brown envelopes with photos and documents that help them put together that big story just ahead of the newspaper’s deadline. If only life were that simple.
2 Small Of Destroyer (5:20)
82. Skeleton Staff-Psychomorphism (Swizzle)
Got Mono in college.
The protagonist, Steve, played by Ryan Gosling says:
Oh the indignity.
I am a barefoot enthusiast, and have practically given up wearing shoes all together! For many years I described my brand of spiritual connectedness as standing barefoot on a sun-warmed stone in the middle of a cold rushing stream. I have done just that in many streams and places in the northern hemisphere. If I knew then what I know now, the four months I spent hiking along the Appalachian Trail would have been done barefoot. No doubt the voyage of Simplicity to the southern latitudes will be shoeless.
Medhat A, el-Sharkawy MM, Shaaban MM, Makhlouf MM, Ganhein SE. Acute viral hepatitis in pregnancy. Int J Gynaecol Obstet 1993; 40: 25-31.
1/2 cup coconut milk
If you've never had Toll House Pie, we highly recommend it. It is super easy to make too and requires no chopping to prepare (a big plus in my book!) I didn't take any pictures as I was preparing it but the evidence was all over Ryan's face. So if you're looking for a new dessert idea, here you go!
So, did you miss me last Wednesday? I was on my Jolly Holidays. We spent a fabulous week in London doing the "Tourist Thing"!!! We saw all the sights Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, Downing Street, Tower Bridge etc. We visited Kew Gardens, The Science Museum, The Royal Observatory at Greenwich and The British Museum. Of course we also had time for some serious shopping too - Harrods, Fortnum & Masons, Covent Garden and Hamleys to name a few. I even managed a trip to Blade Rubber Stamps - a great rubber stamp and craft shop in Holborn!!!
It was not the first time that Sharifi had appeared in court on a rape charge - in 2009 he was jailed for a minimum of seven years for the abduction and sexual assault of a woman on Christmas Eve, 2008 - five days after he had raped the teenager.
Another find off Namibia's central coast called Delta Prospect contained recoverable resources of up to two billion barrels of oil, by Arcadia Expro (AEN) Namibia and British firm Tower Resources, he said.
He is strangely divorced from the lives of the people whose videos are up on the screen. Their personal stories are irrelevant. Their fate is up to God. He sees only one thing in his daily obsession: Judgment Day is coming. The Bible Guarantees it.
I can practice loving-kindness with everyone but me. And that's okay.
The whole concert reminded me strongly of the “Dreigroschenoper”, but less interesting, less captivating, less haunting. In short: I am glad I had a chance to attend this free concert, but unlike a large part of the audience, I was not enchanted. I am totally not tempted to attend any of the concerts in Rotterdam where the complete program will be performed.
Here are the two projects that were chosen.
December 22, 2011 ~ Social worker came for her first of four homestudy visits.
I would also appreciate prayer for the 3 remaining big events of this year: a pastors/leaders conference with Michael Wells, an international speaker who speaks on the Abiding Life in Christ (Oct. 6-8), a camp for the blind (Oct. 21-22) and a conference for women (Nov. 11-13).
Songs : Kyuhyun – The Way to Break Up & Late Autumn
Stayin’ far behind without you
VARIANT by Robison Wells is a PW best Book of the Year, and Robison is a PW Flying Start.
After a brief hiatus for the holiday's, being busy in general and a little time for some beer brewing research, the last 2 weekends I have brewed small batches (1 gallon each) of beer. These 2 were my first attempt at a all-grain recipe. There really wasn't much difference in the process other than the straining and sparging of the grains.
A nation that can give you variety
Despite a size disadvantage (Lampron, who weighed in at 172 lbs, usually competes at Welterweight, while Dellow, 179 lbs, usually fights closer to Middleweight), Lampron handled Dellow, earning a unanimous decision from the judges, and improving to 7-3 as an amateur. Dellow fell to 3-2.
Action: And as you probably know, they manage to get the young man out from under the car, saving his life. It’s also pretty obvious that these responders needed to observe, assess, take action, and then cycle back through Observe (this isn’t working), Assess (he’s still trapped and alive), Options (try different angles, get more people involved),
4. Tim Duncan vs. Al Jefferson
2010.08.31 Somalia Mogadishu 8 14 Five men and three women are taken down by al-Shabaab bombers.
Sirantha Jax is a “Jumper,” a woman who possesses the unique genetic makeup needed to navigate faster than light ships through grimspace. With no tolerance for political diplomacy, she quits her ambassador post so she can get back to saving the universe the way she does best—by mouthing off and kicking butt.
I'm taking off for a long weekend to my parents' house so I won't be around until next week. Hope everyone enjoys their weekend! xox.
While the Blip Festival and the chiptune scene grow larger every year, chip artist continue to be vexed by the common assumption that what they do is some sort of novelty, or worse, just “video game music.” To many artists, the hardware itself is more of an instrument than a game machine, and lumping all music made with a Game Boy into one oversimplified category is akin to claiming that all music made with a guitar is essentially the same.
This is going to be a confusing, multidimensional, multifactional war with blacks against whites, African tribes against African tribes, local blacks against foreign blacks, opportunistic criminal gangs going rampant in between, killings just for the hell of it. They'll target security complexes, because they are easy targets, block the entrances and wipe out everyone inside. They'd go from house to house shooting everyone they meet.
Like it is, whatever way you wish to say
Oldboy is the second film in Chan Wook Park's "Vengeance" trilogy. (The other two being, Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance and Lady Vengeance) That being said, all three of the films stand alone and are only linked in that each is a meditation on Vengeance and the fact that none of the films give a color by numbers revenge story. The Oldboy story is based on Japanese manga. Typically a revenge film is one man addressing a great wrong, but Park shows us a complex world of equally complex characters, where many may have arguable rights to revenge, but seeking it seldom does anyone any good only escalating the atrocities and pain for all parties.
but mostly I think it's beliefs neither
Video Game Old school Frogger
In our text the apostle had opportunity to admonish all concerned but no one would listen. That word “admonish” means to warn. They might have considered him a mere pessimist. After all, he was but a prisoner and usually prisoners have a hidden agenda – like escape. What they might not have realized was that Paul had a greater desire to go toRomethan any of them.
with my hands lifted to Your throne. Let my worship ascend to You as sweet
On Thursday, they had pool play. They started the tournament by beating University of Northern Colorado 25-18. In their next match they lost to University of Texas 26-22. To finish of pool play, they beat LSU 30-14.
Paddles he shared with family and friends as he introduced them to the sport.
Judd
Right now they are spending the night in a cleaned out drawer of the filing cabinet (we want to make sure we can keep them warm through the night), but by day they will move into a more spacious box for a little more leg room. It’s a bit snug but that’s New York. You gotta live with a little less space.
Me: awesome, how far from home are you?
Bibliographic data: Publisher: Kluwer Law International, 2008. ISBNs 9041126430 and 13 9789041126436. Hardcover, xiv + 404 pages. Price £89. Rupture factor: moderate. Book's web page here.
I can teach you today that volunteering is a lot of work. But, it is also a lot of fun! Want to know how you can get involved and ignore your blog at the same time? Go to barackobama.com and sign up for an event near you.
Not as much as I've enjoyed your thoughtful answers: it's always a great pleasure to get a sneak peek behind the writer's practice and it is clear you've thought deeply about your own methods – it gives great hope to those who aspire. Elizabeth, the pleasure was truly all mine!
Long Reach Village Center
Gordon McCannel Aamoth, 32, New York, N.Y.
Accepting the premise that it's ludicrous to pretend to comprehensively cover the themes of perhaps the most important turning point in our nation's history in 30 minutes, we do try to talk about what we think was lost in 1865, what is always lost when there is change, and the role of Catholics and the Papacy in and with the Confederacy.
I will try to keep this updated but seeing as how Taylor does not blog and I will be out of commission I can't promise updates tomorrow. I'm going to try Facebook updating tomorrow though. So stay tuned! Thanks in advance for the prayers!
A special thanks to Shelley at I Miss My Sanity. Although she can't donate she helped spread the word by blogging about the blood drive! Stop by and see what her blog is all about and send a big heartfelt thanks!
Much credit to Oliver La Farge, who continues to surprise me by saying something interesting and even possibly relevant about the situation for Native Americans in the early 1930s. I know I came in with low expectations, so it’s not as though I’m reading Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee. But Laughing Boy is proving very immersive in what feels to me (based on my limited historical knowledge) like a realistic scenario for young Native Americans in the Southwest at the time. Laughing Boy’s story explores a lot of territory—what is expected of a man, how tensions between tribes (the Pah-Utes and the Navajo, principally) dominated their experience and allowed the “Americans” to play one off the other, etc. But I’m increasingly fascinated by Slim Girl, who’s proving to be a very complex young woman—raised in a boarding school (a place so awful, she tells Laughing Boy on their wedding night to kill their children if the Americans ever come to take them off to a school), not quite “native” enough for the Navajo but never “white” enough for the Americans, savvy in business but unable to keep a lid on all her emotions. La Farge does a good job, I think, of drawing out her inner life. Here’s an extended example from immediately after she’s convinced Laughing Boy to elope with her:
I have mentioned before that my university didn’t offer anything in the way of mentoring schemes and only offered pro-bono work in my final year so I had very little access to local firms compared to some universities. A big disappointment.
If you do not want employees, what system are you using to ensure you are making personal contact with your clients consistently?
couldn’t hide the grief that circled
Envy. Do I envy the wealthy? Do my friends? None of us make a million dollars a year, but I have trouble conjuring up a recent conversation where one of us expressed envy toward those who do make that amount of money. I think the young man missed the point, it’s not about envy, but it is about fairness. We are in a big mess and we are all in the mess together, so if you are going to make cuts to social programs it is only fair to raise taxes on those who make over a million dollars a year too. Now I understand that life is not always fair. I also know that when you have a country full of people who see that the game is rigged and it’s not fair, you create a grave mistrust and mistrust leads to other problems. In a lot of instances that mistrust is already in place. Neither The Ryan Plan nor the Buffet Rule will become law. And they won’t become law because there is so much money in Washington that our elected officials are:
As we speak my dark ones i am waiting to hear the fate of my story "My Favorite Animal" which i submitted to Fearology 2. I know i will be waiting awhile as the deadline was ;last night and the editor informed us that he received 143 submissions of which i am 1. But im still excited if i make the cut this will be my first paid anthology and my first contributers copy :)
And it doesn't stink. Promise, Colin and I made sure to smell it.
Here’s an idea of an average few hours activity on my phone. Please note these are actual examples from texts which I received today. (Names have been changed).
Admittedly, I haven't written much lately in the blogosphere. But, I have been writing. On paper. With a pen.
As polls in recent years show, a majority of Israelis supports a two-state solution. And for good pragmatic reason: Israelis see a Palestinian state as an existential necessity for Israel itself, a means of preserving their country's Jewish majority and democratic identity.
3. BOOK YOUR OWN FLIGHTS FOR THE BEST PRICES. If you're not used to travelling, go with a travel agent. Otherwise, shop around online. I use bestflights.com.au. One year I flew to London return for A$900. And get on email lists, so you know when good deals come up. At the moment there's a price war to the US. You can fly to NY return for $900 or so (plus $200 or so taxes).
No wonder I'm exhausted, after working as business owner, being wife and managing my family duties, connecting with friends, helping guide Youth Group, and tutoring G for about 2 hours each night. Perhaps I should be babbling?
There are so many things I'm thankful for this week...
Bid me come to Thee above,
For the buns
02 - Because Of You
Work is going well. I've been working on some projects I'm enjoying and that are requiring me to use the ol' noodle in a good way. And I'm busy. Very, very busy. My annual (not really annual since I haven't had one since 12/09) performance review is coming up next week, so you know. There's that. Last time, I got a whopping 2% raise after enduring a 2-year salary freeze. Who knows what will happen this time. In this economy, I'm just incredibly thankful to have a job.
But, if I learn some of the fundamentals, if I learn how to read the music and what notes sound good together, if I begin to grasp the ideas of rhythm and timing, then I just might get a few of you to stick around.
Today he seems a little less willing. When I sit him on the potty, within 20 – 30 seconds, he’s saying “All done,” without having done anything in the potty. I’m making him sit for at least a couple of minutes, but (a) my experience yesterday indicated that if he’s going to do anything into the toilet, it’s going to be within the first few seconds, and (b) I don’t want to force him to sit on the potty longer than he’s willing to sit and thus make the pottying experience a negative one for him.
OMG, “RAPE EACH OTHER HETERO” — that has to go on a t-shirt somewhere. I picture a Jersey Shore cast member saying it to his other well ab-ed and tanned cohort: “My buddy was looking so good after that gym workout and tanning session that I almost cruised him in the locker room, but instead we raped each other hetero. Now, we’re going to the club to get some hos.” WHAT IN GOD’S NAME. I CAN’T. I CAN’T CONTINUE. Who knew poor test scores were a result of raping one another hetero. And if people are raping each other hetero, aren’t they solving her problem? You’re logic is being poorly translated from out of that tin foil, you Crazy Bag O’ Donuts. Wait, what logic?
Then today… I found THIS!
Thus began my obsession with finding the beauty in anything that is falling apart.
And of course, for most of us, the last decent photo we had taken of us was 20 years ago, when we looked so much younger and smoother skinned, and in many cases, slimmer too.
Disc Two:
Take two minutes to pray five times a day, and you are ten minutes into a new way of living!
And yet, this is just the beginning.
As in any totalitarian society it then becomes the role of the state controlled popular media to promote the approved doctrine in the propaganda beamed into the homes of the population by means of misreported news or fictional drama bearing no resemblance to reality, with the effect that, over time, the lie becomes a universally accepted truth.
Pride of the Yankees
Peel, deseed and cut tomatoes. Chop onion and mince garlic and keep ready.
And she caught on pretty quickly. What you can’t see is the ball she threw unassisted went into the next lane and rolled back down to us. She’s not quite got the muscle power yet to heave it up there….so I actually rolled most of them.
Cream colored ponies and crisp apple strudels,
“No, I always forget the punch line.”
Somewhere in between together
If we can, we must view our disquieted lives as a great blessing: the waking of a slumbering Church; one at ease with temporal blessings. While the rationality of man continues to dissolve into a pool of relativism, we who are in Christ are being given great gains. As we think upon all the evils around us, we have to consider our own natures and deal with the inconsistencies I believe we all find within ourselves. Below is a work by Thomas Watson. It details the depth of Adam’s first sin, original sin, and I believe can add insight to the sins we see within ourselves on a daily basis. Not to beat us down as under a whip of legalism, this self-reflection affords us an opportunity to correctly see more clearly our own natures and how desperately we need to flee to the safety of our saviour; to throw ourselves at God and to serve Him wholly as He rightly desires. These stormy seas we live in are meant, in part, to bring us into right standing with Him. And right standing is recognizing Him as a sovereign and Holy God and that without Him we are utterly and totally lost. It is only He that can hold us up with His hand of righteousness.
I changed my "flavicon". The logo beside my URL, that used to be the blogger symbol, is now a photo I took that I also use as my "Blogs I Heart" label and the labels to divide my DIY projects by theme. Learn how to change your flavicon in this post by Olga @ Stardust-Decor&Style.
7. (Unknown)
do watching an hour of TV,
The slide was supposed to be a water slide, but turned out to be a dry slide (my mistake). All’s well that ends well, though, because the weather was not exactly water slide weather. The food was potluck, so it wasn’t very much work at all. Everyone had a super good time!
Many studies have been conducted on the effects of fluoride on the human body and some notable adverse effects have been noted: it changes bone structure and strength, impairs the immune system and it was linked to some cancers. Another alarming consequence of fluoridation is its effects on brain functions:
He wants us to return to God, while he and 300,000 other people are prostrating themselves at the altar of nationalism. The Biblical record is clear that God does not care about maintaining empires. He causes them to be built, and causes them to be destroyed, according to His purposes. That he has no use for blind nationalism should be clear from the fall of Israel and Judaea in the books of the Kings, and of Babylonia in the book of Daniel.
There's something about metal bands that is so hot. I'm totally obsessed at the moment.
2nd pic, the same but with Lizzie Brodie (holding Alexandra)
I FINALLY did a little layout about my new scrap studio
I remember sharing my insights about data early in my career, with a team that saw it differently. Things soured up pretty quickly. I saw myself as part of the team – I was keen to hear their voices and add my own to the mix. I thought I was valuing their input and they likely thought otherwise. I’ve now learned to share the data and offer opportunities for my team to engage with it and draw their own conclusions. If necessary, I now use questions to channel conversations towards important aspects of the data and learn what they think. In most situations, I’ve seen that my team comes up with insights that I have not considered – whether or not I agree with them is irrelevant because they have given me something new to think about. I’ve learned that putting my ideas and opinions on the table is less useful than having my staff make meaning on their own. I do add my voice to the mix, often by sharing my reflections, but I am learning to do this after they have engaged with the ideas and issues.
20 I Got Love
The Monroe County Sheriff's Office says a man who led a deputy on a high-speed pursuit told investigators he was sleeping, not driving, during the chase.
Note: No one will ever do this category justice, because Japanese society is filled to the brim with cute things. This is merely a feeble attempt at giving insight into the cuteness of Japanese society.
That rampant in me run; the mind’s huge barns
There are lots of blogs and websites out there with advice about freezer cooking. Lots of them emphasise the concept of Once a Month Cooking (OAMC).
I don’t know why the flash of metal; the mere fact that a gun was staring me down, didn’t surprise me as much as the make of the weapon. It was one of the old revolvers I used to see in the movies my old man liked.
me: "i don't understand. what does flow mean?"
To make the sauce: combine all of the ingredients in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil then reduce the heat and simmer for about 6 minutes, or until the sauce has thickened slightly.
Thanks for letting me read Joe Kramath's (sic) The List. I', sorry to say that despite the good writing and humor, I think the story may be too fabulous for us to publish it successfully. Thanks again and best of luck to you and the author. - Little, Brown and Company
Have you ever taken a chemistry or physics lab class? Even in the introductory level courses it is extremely difficult to even SET UP the experiments properly. More than half the class usually ends up with soot on their faces and complete failures to execute the experiment.
Dear Gentle People,
This month's new first five pages workshop will open at noon today. We'll take the first five middle grade or young adult entries of no more than 1250 words that meet ALL the submission guidelines. (See the full guidelines here.)
It is constant and irreverent
While I’m having a lovely time seeing friends and family again, there’s absolutely no doubt that Paul is the one who’s enjoying this holiday more than anybody, mostly because he’s being treated as an equal by everybody and given the chance to prove himself capable. In fact, I think this is probably his best holiday for a very, very long time. I have to admit that I was a bit apprehensive about bringing him with me because, what with my disability and his, we're a bit like the blind leading the blind at times, but he hadn't been back since we left to move back to the UK twelve years ago so it was only fair he came too. I'm glad he did. Sometimes you just have to throw yourself into a situation and hope for the best.
Selection Information
Pokémon Yellow
A few more tyres burnt on the roads of Bahrain. And teargas, making healthy breathing a bit more difficult for the residents. That’s all. The petty protests that got hyped by the Western media were subdued and without bloodshed.
The air has finally begun to cool.
Or disrupt their lives.
I am thinking...about a family from my church. Their precious three year old daughter was diagnosed with brain cancer a few months ago. They are an inspiring family. Please pray with me for the Douglas family. Their daughter's name is Madi. You can visit her CaringBridge journal here: Madi
Yes, I know there are many people who think time also deceives -- and it does -- and that Lemon, Rice and Sutter among others SHOULD NOT be in the Hall of Fame. Sure, I know there are people who think only first-ballot Hall of Famers should be Hall of Famers -- only the slam dunk choices, only the ones you just KNOW are Hall of Famers the way you know that the sky is blue, that every exotic meat tastes "a little bit like chicken" and that Parks and Recreation is on NBC on Thursday nights.
The curious thing, of course, is that similar values were also observable in ancient Greece and Rome and may even have been what underlay the city-states of the original human civilization in Mesopotamia. The affinity of the Anglo-Saxon and Nordic people for democracy is certainly very reminiscent of ancient Greek democracy and the early Roman republic and, in turn, the city-states that characterized ancient Greece and Rome are very reminiscent of ancient Mesopotamia. What appears to have happened is that the human race has a great tendency towards centralization of government -- seen vividly in the Pharaohs of ancient Egypt, in the bureaucratic states of pre-modern China, in various Babylonian, Assyrian, Persian, Roman, Moghul and Ottoman empires, in the Kings of Mediaeval Europe and in the vast swathe of communist bureaucracies in the 20th century. And this centralizing tendency almost always seems to triumph over an even earlier tendency towards respect for the individual and a form of government that is directly responsive in some way to the popular will. And it is that very early tradition that only the Anglo-Saxons -- and their close relatives in Scandinavia and the Netherlands -- have carried forward into the modern world. Only among the Anglo-Saxons and their close relatives did the power of centralism never quite succeed in squashing human dreams for responsive, respectful and representative government. And it is this dream that conservatives of the English-speaking world carry forward today.
The vignettes were so creative and colorful wherever we looked.
Anelli, Melissa. Harry, A History: The True Story of a Boy Wizard, His Fans, and Life Inside the Harry Potter Phenomenon. Pocket, 2008.
Once they had their robes and wands, it was time for spell class. Each wizard got his very own spell book and a magical creatures book. They learned some important spells. Then we went through the magical creatures book in order to prepare for a magical creatures hunt.
Step 13:
Editor’s Note: This is the very personal, inspiring life story of Peggy Abner, who I met on Twitter just about a week ago. Some things Peggy mentions and some pictures may not be appropriate for younger readers. Parental and reader discretion is advised. The pictures of the rashes on the chest, arms and legs, and also the picture of the uterus are NOT Peggy. I got them off Google to show what could happen if someone has lupus.
What the boss needs to know
At the time, I was of course aware of Bela Lugosi's famous 1930 portrayal of Dracula, but I found the Salem's Lot vampire much more frightening and believable: less human or "civilized" than Lugosi and much more like a bald, rat-like, animalistic bloodsucker. Nasty!
Fuller’s London Pride England, Premium Bitter, 4.7% abv
Greetings, Star Warriors!
Here was this man in a 83 year old body with the sharpest of minds.
Our hotel in Prague was a renovated 13th century monastery. I knew that when I booked it. However, due to some sort of luck (and probably a little bit of Texas charm) the very nice girl at chieck in gave us a SUITE which is the single most incredible hotel room I have ever stayed in. I couldn't believe it when I went in there the first time, I started jumping up and down with glee.
If your laptop is still making you mad,
I have been trying to write for the past week, without much success, about some of the challenges facing us at the moment.
My week has been OK - work has been a little crazy since mid-April and I don't see that changing for awhile. Not sure what we will do this weekend - something for Mothers Day Sunday. Must do some laundry tomorrow.
BLUES CITY DELI 314-773-8225 www.bluescitycafe.com 2438 MCNAIR AVE. ST. LOUIS, MO 63104
Ok, I need to stop lying to myself. I'll never stop trying to learn new crafts, I'll never stop reading two or three books at the same time, and I'll never have just one project. That reminds me, I really should get started on Halloween costumes soon. Maybe I'll be able to get a sewing machine set up and working soon and even get a little money set aside to buy fabric. Here's hoping!
you might be interested in
I use Pellon featherweight, which you can buy by the yard at JoAnn's or Hancocks. Here is my interfacing and fabric:
A revamped packaging across the range and a focus shift from the native Tasmanian Tiger to the heritage and history of the brewery buildings themselves in the labelling and advertising, along with a very slick, but honest, development of the company website might just remind drinkers that it’s not necessarily a bad thing to produce standard representations of beer styles in your range, that it’s OK to have a portfolio of beers that doesn’t include high alcohol hop bombs or barrel-aged bangers – as long as you do what you do well.
This is how it should be done: Lodge yourself on a stratum, experiment with the opportunities it offers, find an advantageous place on it, find potential movements of deterritorialization, possible lines of flight, experience them, produce flow conjunctions here and there, try out continuums of intensities segment by segment, have a small plot of new land at all times. Deleuze and Guattari, 2004:178
Pretzels or Chips? If we’re allowing Synder’s flavored Buffalo Chicken Pretzel bites, then pretzels. If we’re not, then chips… but even then, salt and vinegar chips. I’m not one for a plain pretzel or chip.
Now apply a little bit of glue at the ends that are sticking out and just glue them down to the cone.
And, hey, who doesn’t want to spend $12.99 (plus shipping, handling, packaging, and processing) on music compiled by a trustworthy stranger like me? Hey! It even has colorful album art. We know you like colors.
A great place (and reasonably priced!) to take visiting relatives to is the Tropical Wings Zoo in South Woodham Ferrers, which is a stones throw away from Chelmsford.
confusion of a waking nightmare in which revelations of her past lead to a frantic crescendo.
Max Joseph worked on Nike’s recent ‘Make It Count’ campaign and created what I feel is one amazing video about just that, ‘making it count.’. Nike gave Max a budget to film a short video about making it count and to his credit he literally made every dollar count.
My question for you lovely readers is this...
“The local people are phenomenal,” says Michael. “The climate is great, the food is wonderful and it’s just relaxing. All the things you read about that are going on in Mexico, you just don’t feel them when you are there … Mazatlan is a great city.”
The festival is just what you might expect for something split between a community organisation, dedicated to supporting literacy and storytelling, and a pub. 2D is not big or impersonal or corporate. There's mercifully little fan rancour or jadedness, no division between commercial and small press creators. Nothing gets taken too seriously. All of it, through whatever funding miracle David Campbell, of the Verbal Arts Centre, and his team have been able to conjure up, is free.
So, first things first: March had a total of 21,499 visitors, and April had 19,918 visitors. Just a bit of a slow period there.
- The leaves are naturally dried or gently heated, removing nearly all moisture
I worked on him every day keeping him hidden from Jenny's eyes---I didn't want to disappoint her but more, I knew that I would find a home for him sometime.
The earth is flatter now than a tin tray,
"If folks really want the link, I’ll send it, maybe. But this isn’t feminism. This is pretty clearly personal. This is someone getting all “FUCK YOU” over I am just not sure what, after I’ve done everything in my power to re-affirm that I like her and don’t need her to agree with me. So, yeah. It doesn’t have to be a spectator sport. I just mention it because, wow. Shit got pretty real these past two weeks. But this?
I put it shining anywhere I please.
I didn't even attempt to quiet down Nestling Sparrow last night. I got him up and brought him out into the living room at 4 in the morning, so the Spouse Sparrow could sleep. I figured he could sit on my lap, while I surfed the Net.
Did you know they once employed a drummer named John Gillis who later changed his name to Jack White after marrying Meg White and starting the White Stripes?
She estimates these fins sell for around $100 per kilogram with demand coming from Asian markets whereshark fin soup can be found on the menu for weddings and business banquets.
In 2011 the NHS Bristol Board made the decision to re-commission the
The pics were taken inside Madpotter's pottery, and those are his pieces around mine.
From there, it’s only a short walk to the riverbank.
5. A lot more stretching. I’ve been stretching a bit before bed time each night, and have really been enjoying that. It’s calming my body and my muscles feel relaxed and good. My amazing pilates instructor is also helping the cause. She has long known that I’m a runner – I asked her last year for tips on how to work on/stretch out my cranky left IT band. She said she was a runner herself, and helped me out. That class has down wonders for my hip, glute and overall core strength, and as a result, my IT band issues. The last few weeks she’s been asking how training is going, if I was tapering yet, asking about my long runs, any aches and pains. The other week we were doing bridging with pilates rings on the outside of our ankles, so we had to use our legs to press out to keep them up, and she said, “I know my runners in here are feeling this in their IT bands,” looking straight at me.
Cooperative Calligraphy
Happy Friday, Luvs! Today marks the first day back in the gym after a minor hiatus and a battle with a head cold. I am happy to report that I managed to stave off the cold with Zycam and some rest (I think), so I can try to get back into my routine. Again. For the billionth time.
Screw you to co-workers who actively try to sabotage others work and reputations to make themselves feel better.
Bassinet Mattress Review (bassinetmattressreview.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
But wait, I hear you asking, what's this all about?
“I think we do not need to talk about Anwar anymore. It is not about Anwar. When we talk politics, we talk about Najib-Anwar, Najib-Anwar.
The Right, in general, understands that flawed human nature means that some will always seek power, demand that their ideology be imposed on all, and that a strong defense can be the best way to prevent war and sustain peace.
The chapter 12, I particularly appreciated the description given of the new medias that are getting more and more popular. As I am a fanatic of e-books, I think it is one of the best options that organizations have to promote themselves: they can be read anywhere, it can be full of graphics, images and then it catches the eye, etc.
Now, hurry and eat it before the new year hits and you have to be good again.
Under 18 $20 presale @DK studios / $22@Door
We have 31 days to make 29 faces. That means 2 extra days of room to wiggle!
* I've written a letter of interest to Seven Bridges Cooperative asking them if they'd like to sponsor an issue. If they bite, I'd like to get the issue out before October. Either way, I'm always accepting submissions.
Anastasia's first adventure in to sex is with S&M, something she wasn't even aware of before. She struggles with her love for Christian yet her repulsion at being a submissive.
I haven't read too far yet because I am reading this slowly, Lectio Divina style. It is very, very good and I am excited about reading it. I would be delighted if some of you would choose to read it also and share with me, because I'd love to discuss it with others.
Our Founders understood that waging war is not something that should be taken lightly, which is why Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution gives Congress — not the president — the authority to declare war. This was meant to be an important check on presidential power. The last thing the Founders wanted was an out-of-control executive branch engaging in unnecessary and unpopular wars without so much as a Congressional debate.
does no bacon mean no delicious dinner....
Under the chaos of martial law, Bush intended to install a new constitution which would have kept everyone currently in office in their same position for 25 years and it would have removed all rights to elect new officials. The military intervened and stopped Bush from signing that Executive order.
“In what could be the last Republican presidential debate, Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum took the focus away from the media to focus on each other; the publisher Barney Rosset, who challenged American censorship, died at 89.”
MEET ONE-ON-ONE WITH MY KIDS. As long as my sons and daughter live under my roof or within driving distance, I'll keep making it a priority to meet weekly with them one-on-one. Hands down it's been the best parenting move I've made to date.
I do it more by feel and paycheck. I have the read the articles about suggested mileage but I never remembered the number, and nor do I trust it all that much. I have seen photos of blogs of changing shoe shape and when it is time to change it, but Im skeptical. I have had comfrtable anfd functional shoes for many years with awkward shapes. Besides- ever put on a old pair of worn down shoes and feel how comfortable they feel despite being distorted a little? They are comfortable for a reason, because they still basically work. As far as tread goes, I admit to being confused about how to tell that of a sneaker.
He said the commission and the Act will simplify the process of company registration, as well as mordenise business administration.
*Acid Reflux.
find that quiet place inside my heart and being, and just ride the
This evening, after a long and beautiful day at a very mountainous region of Chile, I leave you with two totally random and unrelated photos. At the left is a long and lovely model who was sashaying around my hotel when I returned from the winery, all dusty and sun burnt and totally out of sorts (me not her, me!) . . . Here were a string of ladies swirling in long floral dresses the lobby for a Fiat conference. Life is so totally strange.
allow yourself to feel negative or pessimistic. The better you feel about
sent for a minister to come and pray for him. When the man of God got to him,
Tables, charts, rules clarifications, character class and alignment articles, and even comics. These were fun to read and you would read the same entries again and again, and a thousand times again. But the stories. Ugh. Who read these more than once?
I have leveled several toons through the Panda starting area and created a pre-made level 85 to test out the level 85+ content. Overall, I have had few issue other than the Burning the Scroll quest, that everyone was stuck at for several days, and a couple of bugged quests, including one that is sometimes bugged on the live servers as well. Of course there are the times that I could not log in and the usual server disconnects that as sort of expected. The spawn rates on many of the quests mobs are jacked up high enough that there is usually not much difficulty in finding enough mobs to kill. In some cases when there are not a lot players logged in, the spawn rate is a bit too high and you have a bit of difficulty in getting away from the mobs. I have noticed that the class balance is off, even in the starting area but haven’t really played around much at the higher levels.
The book is slow to get started and I didn’t find what I considered to be a classic Hemingway line until about halfway through the book but it does pick up the pace towards the end. The story moves at a reasonable speed but I felt at times it could have been more interesting. Ultimately I found Hemingway’s prose and observations about his own state of mind more enthralling than the slaughter of (largely) defenceless animals.
Bean’s Pat: Another Header http://anotherheader.wordpress.com/2012/04/25/page-arizona/ Page, Arizona. This blog is a good example of how you need to get off the beaten path to really see what’s out there. Antelope Canyon, is especially a fantastic experience no one should miss. It easily makes my unending list of favorite places.
The previously published pre-order list for Saturnalia MMVII underwent a few alterations before finality was achieved, but arguably fewer changes than I feared. Cross your fingers; some kegs are still in transit. A few probably won’t make it until January.
Ice clicking together as the man next to me slurps his drink
Whew. That was hard! Just kidding. If you missed this exciting new opportunity to ask me anything - feel free to post a question and I'll answer it next week. Oh I feel like Ann Landers!
Race Report: LE MANS PROTOTYPES
Among those who have called for Mugabe to stand down are President Bush, British Prime Minister Gordon Brown, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga and Botswana President Seretse Ian Khama.
"Really?" I asked her, surprised.
With elegant irony, one of the earliest advocates of global warming, James Lovelock, the creator of the Gaia (Earth Goddess) hypothesis, has just come forth to admit he was completely wrong and that he and others who spread fear and panic over global warming were alarmists. In his words, "The problem is we don't know what the climate is doing. We thought we knew 20 years ago. That led to some alarmist books - mine included - because it looked clear-cut, but it hasn't happened,"
When my daughters first invited me into the inflatable hippo pool for a dip, I waved it off. I assumed there wasn’t room. Surely I’d manage to pop the poor thing. I shuddered at the thought of a neighbor peeking over the fence to discover me lodged between a water toy and a toddler, all white, jiggly and fully exposed.
I do know this: that I continue to be concerned with the way that increasing admission fees at our public museums and art galleries, paired with disappearing free hours for permanent-collection access or weekly evening access, is contributing to a situation where a whole new generation of Canadians likely has little option but to devalue art, just as art institutions devalue them.
~I got an external hard drive!I'm pretty excited about that,since I've been needing one for a long time.I got even got down to less than a GB of space left on my computer. O_O Not good!So now I can take pictures and videos without having to worry for a while.
So rudely forced; yet there the nightingale 100
Wages (which often took the form of coupons rather than money) were based on the size of the family and the amounts of food and supplies they needed. Resources that were locally abundant were distributed freely or traded with neighboring collectives. Although there were reported instances of forced collectivization, this was not the norm. Small landowners who opted not to join the collectives were given enough land to support themselves but were not allowed to hire laborers, and were denied the social/economic benefits given to members. Large numbers of small farmers were thus compelled to join the collectives based on economic
How much available light is there?
But, we've had a lot of fun. There have been photoshoots, and trips to the park, and walks, and sidewalk chalk, and bubbles.
Running uphill was a challenge at first. All it took was a lap or two to leave me short of breath in the beginning.
As it crashes and splits your world asunder
Probably…not.
Sadly in today’s culture, it is so very easy to think that being talented, popular, the mayor of your pilates studio on Four Square or 400 friends on Facebook is the ultimate end goal. From the moment we awake in the morning we are conditioned to believe that our achievements are what makes us interesting, influential, and special.
Fast forward to just this last December, my wife was in one of her moods and decided to reorganize the attic on a cold Saturday morning. Having learned my lesson after numerous issues with her instinctive need to move stuff around I carefully accounted for all my precious crap making sure it did not go missing. My son was not so lucky, a box containing his Legos and other toys from his early years ended up donated to the local Goodwill. What upset my son in particular were the plastic toy soldiers that he had inside that box.
The families left suffer and mourn for their loss but pride remains in their hearts. Their son, brothers, uncles, dads, daughters, sisters, moms and friends are no longer with them but will be forever memorialized. Our loved ones fought and died guarding us from harm and preserving our future. We will someday be reunited with our loved ones, meet them in the peace and serenity of Heaven. We will be able to gather them into our arms, hug them and thank them for guarding us with their lives. (Psalm 121: 7-8 says: God guards you from every evil, He guards your very life. He guards you when you leave and when you return, He guards you now, He guards you always.)
The weather was perfect!! It couldn't have been a more perfect day for an
Rodriguez’s campaign to do better will be carried heavily by the talent he possesses at the goalkeeper position, where Miguel Caballero returns after serving reliably at the position last year.
21-15-9 reps for time of:
“We couldn’t be more excited to be in business with EVERLAST. His music has been an anthem for millions of fans and Songs of the Ungrateful Living is sure not to disappoint,” remarked Michael Harris EVP/General Manager EMI Global Label Services/Caroline Distribution.
Once there, he led me into the shower and placed my hands against the back wall, which apparently was tiled. He kicked my feet apart and back, so that I was "in position". Next,, he slowly walked my hands down the wall so that I was bent over, my ass in the air. I felt him wiggle the butt plug and sighed with relief. The plug had been inside of me for well over 2 hours and my tight little hole was quite tender. My relief, however, was short lived. Within moments, I felt the short, hard tube of an enema bag being inserted and cold water begin to fill my bowel. I whimpered, humiliated. Just when I felt like I would burst, he flow stopped. He swiftly pulled out the tube and just as swiftly replaced it with the plug. I couldn't help myself. I began to cry.
And if you wont come
However, the writer admitted that he had enjoyed filming on location in Utah for recent two-part story 'The Impossible Astronaut / Day of the Moon'.
Is your frizzy hair now long and glossy? Remember that 'wavy hair look' you've been dying to attain for months? Hope you've tamed your hair to fall on your face just the right way instead of flying all over the place making you look like a homeless pauper.
* Pour in curry powder and little water, fry for a minute, add the potato and carrot, stir well. Sprinkle some water, add in salt, cook until almost dry.
Watch the young guy on the left, as he progressively loses control and starts to giggle and pass notes, and the elderly woman on the right who is resolutely pretending she's at Denny's, taking advantage of the Early Bird Special.
she whisperd back to me
As I held her charms
All in all it was a magical, pretty evening. Everyone had a blast, it was very casual, and stress was kept at bay. What better way to spend the happiest day of your life, right?
Yesterday, although my mother-in-law has never really expressed more than cursory interest in my work, I showed her the current work in progress. This is the most difficult piece I've attempted to date in every way. It's my first color portrait, the painting of which is a story in and of itself. It's large and the stitching is really dense. Even choosing the appropriate stitches has been challenging; I've begun over and over on some areas. The piece is kicking my butt in many ways, but if I pull it off, it'll feel great. I'll have learned a great deal.
My grandparents and my aunts would all make a trifle in a very similar way and we even had fabulous trifle at school with our school dinner occasionally – although with probably more custard and very little cream on top.
My world traveled friend confirmed again for me that I am so fortunate to be a resident and writer in the Vancouver region. We truly do have the best of both worlds.
The common story as to the history of this nomadic people is that they left Rajasthan (based upon the fact that the Romani language is strongly linked to Sanskrit) around a thousand years ago and have been travelling west since. They got called "Gypsies" through a mistaken belief that they'd come from Egypt. The first record of Gypsies in the British Isles comes from 1505 when a witness at a court hearing in Scotland was described as an "Egypcyan woman" who had considerable skill at reading palms. They've been shunned as outsiders wherever they've travelled whilst at the same time taking up and laying down traditions and musics in all the places and cultures they've travelled through.
“Agent Alt notified his superiors about his impending testimony. The next day, ATF Internal Affairs notified Alt that they wanted to talk with him about another matter. On May 5, 2011, Agent Alt met with ATF internal affairs investigators about allegations that Alt downloaded two prohibited applications to his government-issued phone. The total cost of these applications was eight dollars …. Alt was prevented from transferring offices and his eligibility for promotions and pay raises barred during the pendency of the investigation – all supposedly over eight dollars in phone applications.”
On Friday, I got hit on by two taken men (men in relationships) and a friend’s ex. Of course, I don’t accept their advances because after all 1) I believe in karma and when I do find that someone I don’t want him looking at other women and 2) I want a guy of my own, not someone else’s man or their sloppy seconds. I can’t lie, it makes me sad. What is it about ME that makes me a target for Mr. Taken? The sad part is they try to peruse me. I’ll be minding my own business when Mr. Taken approaches me and wants to hold a conversation. The crazy part is that during the conversation he just happens to mention his girl friend or wife. Is that supposed to make him more desirable or is he just letting me know upfront that he’s taken and he just wants sex? I am happy at the fact that they are honest so I know to stay away. The last thing I want is to find out he is taken when his partner confronts me. I just don’t get it!
What can you say about a film that’s been talked about to death? Just this: If you’ve never seen it, you owe it to yourself to do so, not because it’s a way of paying homage to the one true master of modern film, but because it’s so fun to watch.In a spur of the moment decision, Marion Crane (Janet Leigh) decides to leave Phoenix with the $40,000 her boss entrusted to her to deposit at the bank. She’s headed to her boyfriend Sam (John Gavin) in Fairvale, California and the money will finally let them start their life together. After having spent a night in her car, she can’t quite make all the way and spends her second night at the Bates Motel. There she meets Norman Bates (Anthony Perkins), a shy and withdrawn young man who seems to be dominated by his mother. They chat for a while and as a result she decides to go back to Pheonix and return the money. She’s still going to spend the night at the motel and decides to have a shower before going to bed. A week later Marion’s sister Lila (Vera Miles) arrives at Sam’s store in Fairvale to tell him Marion has disappeared. Together with a private detective, Milton Arbogast (Martin Balsam), they begin searching the area and eventually come across the Bates Motel
20min with 10 min on precor
“The morning cup of coffee has an exhilaration about it which the cheering influence of the afternoon or evening cup of tea cannot be expected to reproduce.” – Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.
I hope you'll consider sending a card or a few cards to help the children in the hospital. And may God bless you in your own card-making!
Fortunately these dudes are still active, but I have yet to check out the new stuff. Maybe hearing this again will inspire me to give 'em a go.
Although the music and spirit of the Nordic punks to a large degree was copied directly by youngsters returning from holidays in London, the meaning of punk was not the same in the Nordic countries ase.g. in England. It did not and could not refer to poverty and urban deterioration in same degree as in Britain, nor mobilise through attacks on the music industry. Nordic punk was to a greater extent defined in relation to the alternative scene of the seventies, ambiguously ridiculing its political correctness and attacking it for a lack of political radicalism. The punks formulated aggressive attacks on welfare state and consumerism and all moral standards except for anarchistic individualism. It became largely a bohemian attitude of urban middle class youth, but gave also space for identity formations among youth in the coastal villages of Iceland, Finland and Norway.
Yep. You guessed it. Several of them rushed the water like malicious little lemmings.
When I moved to do my Masters degree in London, I even had access to the British Library - a grand institution that doesn't lend books per se, but rather offers them to people for research purposes on its premises. Why I went there was not necessarily because I needed the books, but because the environment made it easier for me to write my papers. There is something about the subtle tension and quietness of libraries that makes me work better - where you know that people are meant to remain quiet, but at the same time, you know that everyone's brain is at work... whether it be reading, wondering, thinking, pondering... who knows? Fact is, they do.
I wouldn't want a novel I was buying telling me how much pathos (between 1 and 5) I should expect for it, or how the book had the 'whiff' of a nice Dan Brown.
There will be a Fine Arts Fair on April 26, from 4-7 PM at the board of education. It will feature a live art auction, a cake auction, and live music.
Instead of playing in the studio, I went to Sarasota and ticked a few items off my "To Do" list. Among the plans I made, I had lunch with a friend I hadn't seen in nearly a year. We went to Corkscrew Deli at The Landings and spend nearly two hours catching up. It was great!
Subtlety is out. Bloomberg Businessweek’s January 25th cover shows a book engulfed in flames. The book’s title? “Amazon Wants to Burn the Book Business.” A towering pile of books dominates the front page of Sunday’s NYT Business Section. The pile starts well below the fold (print edition), breaks through the section header at the top of the page, and leans precariously. Books are starting to tumble off. “The Bookstore’s Last Stand,” reads the headline.
Bret Michaels is the very first role model/musician etc that I discovered on my very own without any influence from anybody. When I saw him on Nashville Star, I recognized him, sure, but i didn’t know much about who he was. I didn’t even realize that he was Poison. But I totally became a fan of the way he was, the way he acted …. the comments he made were sincere and it was obvious that he was being himself, “take it or leave it”. He performed his solo stuff on there and I loved it, and I totally became a fan of Bret. Not long after, I discovered the song “Talk Dirty to Me”. I’d play it over and over and over and over, and finally my husband said that “You know, that guy you like so much, Bret, that’s him.” So as you see, on two separate occasions, totally independent from each other, I found Bret Michaels.
"Mad Made Monster" is of the very best films from the studio's 1940s horror output, and it is well worth a look by anyone who loves classic horror and monster movies.
21 March
Goose: Hey...
Bowness-on-Windermere is blessed with many eateries, including excellent restaurants, bistros and pubs, and there are other fish and chip shops, so visitors will still find a huge selection of meals available while visiting this pretty town. However, Vinegar Jones held a key place in restaurant terms, both in terms of its location and its longevity. It is thus a pity that it is no more.
In early August, he said, he himself had taken part in "a national conference to organize the welfare recipients movement,: Dr. Cloward said he personally had taken part in Wednesday night meetings with welfare clients "week after week, month after month," and that as a result, "Next Monday there will be a demonstration of welfare recipients at City Hall"
Next up we have a fun bright card with a sweet reminder to remember the little things in life by Gini Williams Cagle.
“There will be radical change, and I believe it will be driven by technology,” Kerzner said. “I think there will still be many producers. But, they will be able to see far more clients by using technology rather than getting in the car, driving an hour and hoping a client actually showed up. That could certainly increase productivity by a quantum leap.” Borislow of MDRT agreed that new technology will improve the business, but more important is a new perspective on fulfilling some old values.
How I wish I too could embrace this identity. It sucks, all those I yearn to speak with are strangers…I’m far too strange.
While it was a lot of fun getting to know the doctors, spending time with them after work also felt strange. As a fellow North American, I was in many ways at home interacting with them socially. But four months’ separation from the U.S. also made me realize the ways in which I have become accustomed to my new Peruvian friends and lifestyle.
☆ Even more fonts
Didn't all this hysteria over terrorism start with 9-11? Like the Reichstag fire, the whole truth of how the World Trade Center was destroyed will probably never be known.* In response, Congress passed several acts designed to restrict the freedom of the American people, notably the USA PATRIOT Act, creation of the Department of Homeland Security (which makes it possible for the federal government to create a secret police apparatus), the REAL ID Act, and those Transportation Security Administration gropers and scanners.
and recently my brother in law just broke his back so he to has had surgery!
Today I was stressing over this, that, and the other. I don’t wanna be a drama queen, but there’s kind of a lot going on in our lives right now. Blessings are coming, it seems, by the minute, but it’s a lot to process, and because there’s nothing I can do about any of it. All I can do is show up to work, slog through as best I can, go home, sleep, repeat.
9. Brush with melted butter.
She's with her friends. I still know some of them and the people that they will one day become.
1. Hardware: Choice vs. Polish
*Grace and Courtesy: Maria Montessori had 30 minutes for this. I don't know if I can make it happen for 30 minutes! I think doing some "walking on the line" would be a good choice for tomorrow. It would be nice if I could actually find a line other than the lines our laminate create in the flooring. ;) If it's nice, we could always take the activity outside. A second Grace and Courtesy lesson could be good, too. I'll have to look through a list and see. I know the 5yo is not always very good about saying please and thank you, so that could be a fun little role playing game to play.
listen, it's obvious that to make it in the blog world, you have to be:
The YoYo's are only the size of a dime! There are over 18,000 yoyos. Can you believe that! And here is a picture of the lovely quilter. Click on the picture and you should be able to read the story of the quilt.
Labels 18 from Spellbinders is such a nice size for so many cards.
The fried chicken burger offers more promise but we find the chicken a little on the dry side. We're hoping this was just a one-off glitch, because fried chicken in a burger with chilli mayonnaise and slaw should be a guarantee of awesome.
There are no reasons for unreasonable things. They want to know why they left but the fact is that, purely on the spur of the moment, for no good reason, bad reason or any ol’ reason. Now that they’ve left they have the problem of where to go. Beckett would have them go nowhere and end up back where they started from. I do things a little differently. I take them through a wee adventure, not a very taxing one, and settle them with the local ex-madwoman in Rathnerth who takes on the role of their mother and I could have left them there, but where would be the fun in that? Do they get to escape or does their author have something else in store for them? Mercier and Camier felt a presence, the author of their destiny, but what about Milligan and Murphy?
The first time I saw harley Quinn, my jaw dropped because they had taken one of the biggest fixations in my life and made a female version out of it.
Some brides may offer to pay for some of these things, but you should by no means expect it. A normal part of being a bridesmaid is chipping in for your dress, shoes, makeup and hair. Please refer to rule 2. That said, of course everyone has different budgets and we all understand that being in weddings can be expensive. My advice is to speak with your bride about concerns once, at the beginning of planning. After that, try not to burden her. There are lots of ways to get creative with money. A personal gift or small token instead of a big purchase from the registry is perfectly fine. You being in the wedding is enough of a gift to the bride. You can ask your bride if its okay to do your own hair and makeup, or pitch in with other wedding guests to share rooms and transportation. As a last resort, you can opt out of the bachelorette or shower. The bride should understand that if you can only afford one big trip, the wedding is the more important one.
ND - The current contract but the current contract could come to an end at the end of the season.
2095.***E-XI/10/2000. On drawing lots to decide the Presidential election toss-up. Chicago Daily Law Bulletin, November 13, 2000, p. 2; Chicago Tribune, November 15, 2000, sec. 1, p. 20; Hickory Daily Record, Hickory, North Carolina, November 15, 2000, p. 10A; University of Chicago Maroon, November 17, 2000, p. 7; Chicago Sun-Times, November 20, 2000, p. 32 (in an enigmatic form). (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-16.)
green Leggings – £7
75% of the scenes in the above trailer DO NOT occur in the movie, including Riteish Deshmukh’s rant which would actually have improved the movie to some extent. Based on the number of scenes just shot for this trailer, the movie could well have been a murder mystery and we would have been none the wiser.
So I have a confession: I think it might be more relaxing to cook without a recipe. Now what am I supposed to do? I didn’t start this thing so I could change my habits. I started it to…well, I don’t know why the hell I started it. I certainly did not mean give up my recipe following ways. But what did I expect? The blog is a way to make the daily habit of cooking into a creative endeavor. A decent artist allows herself to be changed by the process of art making, doesn’t she? Otherwise, what’s the point?
"You're pretty brave to be out here in just those arm covers," I heard a fellow runner say to me. Actually, I felt great. Even a little warm. My left hip flexor had started out tight but had loosened up. My left shin felt good, too, once I was a few miles in.
7:20 p.m.
And then I woke up, realizing I had overslept and missed the first half hour of my last class.
If we have a slice of cake, do we skip dinner?
I felt as though simply singing about a different reality could bring it into being, or that you could change people’s thinking through good music. But after less than ten gigs around town, we all went to university or got on with our jobs and lives, and that was that.
Not endless signs of hawkers spew-
After an hour of traffic, we went to Scoops. Stop by if you are ever in HS. It's homemade goodness. But it's not cheap! One scoop is 4.25! Cost us $30 for ice cream. Sheesh!
April 24, 2008 -- Cops in commando gear, armed to the teeth with submachine guns and bomb-sniffing dogs, were on subway platforms and trains this morning on the first day of a federally funded anti-terror drive, drawing stares - and a few complaints - from rush-hour straphangers.
Eating Your Way to the Top (30) – Acquired 30 upgrades through Consumes
I went to Target this morning for sundries and discovered that the store has marked down all Easter supplies to 90% off original price. The section was mostly picked through, but they had a ton of plastic Easter eggs left for a whopping $.09 per bag. Hmmm, I thought, Martian figures? (one of the bags had a nice selection of eggs in greens and blues) Caterpillars? I picked up a bunch and put on my thinking cap when I got home.
I tasted it and made a noise that made my son go, "Mommy! Are you okay????"
YOU wait, with memories drifting,
3. When gushing “I could never do that” be honest with yourself and the crafter in question, finish the sentence with “because I do not have the patience and I am a abject moron.”
Never mind that downtown Greensboro will be practically empty at that hour with no one at work in the bank offices. Nevertheless, some Ecstacy and LSD will be passed around and by the time they make it back to Festival Park, everybody will be ready for a nice nap. Later, fucking do-gooders will arrive to make sure everyone has a place to piss, a place to sleep and something else to eat, just like their mommies have done for them all their precious little lives.
And for what it's worth, I know that a lot of people have privacy concerns over putting down personal information on the preferred-customer cards at grocery stores and elsewhere, but I've never even bothered to return the application form and have never had anyone say anything about my personal information not being in their computer system. So I get all the discounts and none of the creepiness of Big Brother knowing how much food I have stashed away. And if I ever had to actually turn in one of those info cards to continue to get store discounts, my name is Ted Nugent and I live at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. :D
‘‘(i) certified entities; or
-Miz with a sit down clothes line in the corner.
If you really want to develop personally one of the best ways is to get a friend, a coach, or just someone you can trust to give you honest feedback. Tell them what area of your life you are developing and let them be your mirror. Working on personal development over the past year I continually ask my partner and best friend how I’m doing. They know what I’m working on. They know how it manifests itself and they are honest when I miss the mark and when I’m doing well. It’s not easy to hear sometimes, (okay, it’s not easy to hear most of the time) but it’s real. They are the true mirror for me. And they can tell me when I am progressing toward my personal goal. So pick someone who can be an honest, authentic mirror for you.
The reception was a dream, it’s decor was brown and yellow with hints of coral in some places. Everyone loved the centerpieces and the decoration, not to mention my dress. Our first dance was to Cultura Profetica’s “Me faltabas tu” [listen to it here], we declared it our song since we heard it. The ballroom glowed as I had my first dance with my husband and although he was concentrated on not stepping on my dress, he looked handsome and loving.
Broadband planning suffers in states saddled with Connected Nation (a front group for big telcos), or in other states that created maps based almost exclusively on carrier-provided data. It is not in incumbents’ best interest to provide accurate data, so they don’t. Some smaller ISPs don’t provide data for these maps, probably because they don’t trust Connected Nation to prevent big carriers from peeking at competitors’ data. And unless their practice has changed, Connected Nation protects their telco patrons with NDAs that prevent some incumbent data from being presented to the general public.
It's really amazing to me to watch these children of mine grow. Seeing the Pookie go through phases that his sister went through before him, reminds me of how far she's come. Which in turn, reminds me of how far the Pookie's come and where he still will go.
next two days if we buy half a dozen or if there are no buns left, we buy a loaf. Good thing the Market is a good 15 km. bike ride away.
...then I'd be screwed.
Did I play a role in these good things? Yes. I worked hard and, in some cases, experienced significant pain.
Empaths literally feel other people’s emotions, which can be overwhelming. This was a real problem for me for a lot of my life. I was also full of shame – feeling like I wasn’t good enough, no matter what I did to please others or how hard I tried to get them to love me. It took me many years of intense emotional release work (a lot of crying) to clear the shame that was programmed into me since my childhood. Now people are able to clear old emotions and hurts at a fraction of the time. So the bad news is stuff will come up for clearing and the good news is that it doesn’t take years to do it.
I, too, see both sides. The system they have set up in much of the British Commonwealth seems like what this country is going to have to move towards eventually... or maybe there's some other system that will work better.
Let's get personal.
And did I mention
Read just one poem a day.
Back in April, Tor.com gave away a hundred advanced review copies of Glow to anyone who wanted one; I sent in for it and got a copy, which has languished on my shelf until now. While I know the giveaway was to encourage word of mouth before the release tomorrow, I usually read advanced review copies close to their date of release in order to put a review up the day before—I just don’t like posting advanced reviews really early. In any case, the release date snuck up on me, but I managed to spend my Saturday morning in bed reading it, which was absolutely delightful.
Meanwhile Garona will be holding down the fort in Silithus, where our Kor’kron forces will be set in position soon. Patrols already have the Silithus borders covered, so we know the real phylactery is contained. Just a matter of springing the trap there, and this should all finally be over. Still, it’s only a matter of time before word gets out about what’s going on there, so I don’t want to wait on Trap #1 before we set Trap #2. Or vice versa. Whatever. Number the traps in the order that makes you happy. Point is, I want to get the ball rolling on Alcaz Island ASAP. I’m heading back to Orgrimmar now to line up the final details. Updates soon.
Then he left. Immediately my siblings started talking about chemotherapy. I couldn't hear them, I turned to put my arms around my husband and saw the tears in his eyes. I saw my dad looking quietly at the floor.
Title: Sports Engineering in the Olympics: How much difference can it make?
The little boy held his mother’s hand
All these quotes above that support my earlier argument about child labour don't mean the monitoring system and its participants will ever let child labour back in, even under the conditions I discuss in my earlier blog post.
If I had a room dedicated to polish I could handle the neon. But this has to be cute and functional because it is in my "rec room" - that might be a Canadian term but basically it's like a non-formal living room. It's my hang out!
I spend a TON of time on sims. Actually, I love it.
I cunningly left before the part where people volunteer to organise next year's conference but I believe we do have two noble members who stepped forward. It's always fascinating to hear what other people are writing, what hassles they are experiencing, what changes of direction, what shortlistings and awards they have had. It's such a generous bunch, always ready to celebrate colleagues' successes and mourn one another's woes.
“Sir, I am in difficulty. If you give me some blessing?”
The lists were roughly equal:
Finally I found it, but before I could punch up the shelter’s number, I also found his pad and other toys from the shelter. I tossed the pad in Reggie’s direction and he snuffed it and wagged, some of the most enthusiasm I’d seen since bringing him home. But then I called, “Hey, Reggie, you like that? Come here and I’ll give you a treat.” Instead, he sort of glanced in my direction – maybe “glared” is more accurate – and then gave a discontented sigh and flopped down. With his back to me.
Passengers can ask to speak to supervisors or customer support managers at an airport, contact the TSA Contact Center, submit feedback through “Talk-to-TSA” online or file a civil rights complaint through its website, the agency said.
Immigrants are blamed for taking our jobs, or conversely are accused of being benefits scroungers living off the Welfare State. Well, if they are in the country, they will either be working or claiming benefits, so this line of attack is really pointless. If they work, they are accused of taking jobs which belong to the people, but if they don't, they are attacked for not working! Never is the question asked as to why they are here, and who brought them here.
on the Horizon
My Autistic superpowers are creativity, gab, art, computer skills on the software end mostly.
Okay. So, why did Morrie’s wife speak in quotes, but Mitch didn’t? Is Mitch just thinking rather than speaking, but if so, why did she answer him verbally?
I was able to use 4 of the 5 pieces of dsp (which were double sided). I also used the sunshine die cut for the front of the card along with 3 of the buttons. I challenged myself to decorate the inside of the card....(I love how the girls in this challenge group so often do this and do it so well...)
The trick
In general, infants just learning to walk do not need shoes. Infants may go barefooted indoors, or wear only a pair of socks. This helps the foot grow normally and develop its muscles and strength as well as encourages the grasping ability of toes.
Me: "Right now?"
Travelling through Bruce’s America is travelling the back roads of a nation whose forefront as the world’s economic superpower is only just now on shaky ground. The song’s settings – dead-end small towns, blue-collar workers, discharged soldiers, unwanted immigrants, and vast stretches of highway – highlight a place reminiscent of John Steinbeck’s America. It is the underbelly of the American dream that Bruce Springsteen lovingly lays bare.
“Stewart International Airport is used by the New York Air National Guard and United States Air Force, according to the complaint, and it stores aircraft used to transport military supplies and personnel to the military in Iraq and Afghanistan.”
4, Form veggie patties to desired size and place in flour to lightly coat.
to be transported. Gaol fever was rife and life on board ship was harsh; what happens to
What I love about the Craft it Forward is that we have a whole year to sort it out so no pressurising short term deadlines. Also the gift received is a surprise! Although it would be good to check out your participant's blog so you can get an idea of what they are into - as Sue must have done to sort me out such a delightful needlecase!
The weather was perfectly HOT and the ceremony was quite amazing and definitely meaningful for everyone there.
similar problems such as erratic behavior, rages, compulsions and
I signed the contract. My whole reason for going – not wanting to be a wuss – is the only thing that kept me moving forward with this ridiculous plan. How much of a wuss would I be if I turned around and went back to the hotel now? I’d never live it down!
Seriously– it’s not worth it. No boy that you meet in middle school has earned that privilege, so tell him to keep his hands to himself. Have a little respect for yourself. Don’t use the word “love” loosely.
Even today, given a chance many still do not hesitate to shift all the blame on the colonial regime for most of the ills existing in Indian society, especially for dividing the country. The British government even today is being accused of making a mockery of civilisation and its principles by its hypocritical actions. But now their place is taken over by our own country brethren, the only difference being ‘hypocritical action’ is directed against their own countrymen.
and couldn't leave until I'd seen
Karen Friedman thinks it's a mistake when two men show up asking about her dead husband's business, but millions of dollars don't disappear by accident—and all trails lead to Charles. Then detective Ty Hauck makes a discovery while investigating a suspicious hit-and-run—a clue that shockingly points to Charles. As Karen's and Hauck's lives converge, they unwittingly step into a widening storm of hedge fund losses, international scams, and deadly conspiracies.
New data from the U.S. Census Bureau shows the percentage of men between the ages of 25 and 34 living at home rose from 14 percent in 2005 to 19 percent in 2011. Women, on the other hand, are doing just fine. Not only do they dominate today’s college campuses, they have little trouble staying away from mom and dad’s place. That’s because women are flourishing in the workforce while men are not. Writers and pundits blame this phenomenon on the economy, but the trend reflects a much larger sociological problem. America is in the midst of a sea change: Never before has it been more difficult for men and women to find their way to one another, settle in for the long haul, and build strong families together.
Second Yoga Jeans come in three rises, low, mid & high and are also available in skinny, straight and bootcut. Yoga Jeans also come in several washes. I got their Yoga 65 High Rise Boot Cut Jeans in the Forest wash and they look and feel great!
Matthew Frenette - Drums
Whether or not I play Canon in D on the harp is the third most common question I hear, after "Do you really lift that thing yourself?" and "Do you play at weddings?" ("Yes" is also the answer to those questions.)
Well, I'm a little confused. You see, I wrote the person handling our case at the agency 1 month ago asking if everything was in, and she said "yes". I specifically asked her this question because we never received any of the copies of our state or federal clearances for me to keep track with.
Now, after studying so much last night, I get to take a nap as soon as I post this. Hoorah for overly cautious school administrators! Of course, shortly after I got home there were emails about rescheduling the tests for next week. But still.
The anti-Communist control mechanism reaches through the system to exercise a profound influence on the mass media. In normal times as well as in periods of Red scares, issues tend to be framed in terms of a dichotomized world of Communist and anti-Communist powers, with gains and losses allocated to contesting sides, and rooting for “our side” considered an entirely legitimate news practice. It is the mass media that identify, create, and push into the limelight a Joe McCarthy, Arkady Shevchenko, and Claire Sterling and Robert Leiken, or an Annie Kriegel and Pierre Daix. The ideology and religion of anticommunism is a potent filter.
” Please, everybody please! ” Please vote for the BEST! “It’s about finding the BEST! “
“Leave the man alone. He got voice of angel.”
Then Saturday afternoon and Sunday were spent doing some spring cleaning yard work – pruning bushes, thatching the grass, cutting the perennials that I didn’t get a chance to cut in the fall, watering everything since this beautiful weather means no snowfall or rainfall. Every day new things start to bloom and it’s making me so excited for summer!
If the second set goes, we'll just
Memily LOVES playing with all her friends.
Although he’s been sitting up for a good six weeks now, just today Judah got himself up into the seated position (from laying down) all on his own. It was fun to watch, and looked completely effortless and natural.
Like a word, the closer you look, the more the familiarity fades and you aren’t so sure it’s right. Your mind tells you it is right but on a deeper level you question the randomness of combining letters into words, features into faces, into symbols and beauty that can even spark wars.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
With a couple of monks who utterly stunk
And standing there in the dressing room, everything certainly seemed fine. Actually, I don't ever just STAND in a dressing room when I'm trying on potential "harp clothes." I sit down and stretch my arms forward to make sure I can move. I squat to make sure I don't split anything out when I lift and load the harp. I twist around to make sure I have enough give in the sleeves to quickly turn pages of music on the stand in front of me. I bend down in front of the mirror to make sure nothing is...ahem...visible...from all sorts of angles. Then I jump up and down a little, just for fun. Dressing room monitors must love it when I try on clothes. Anyway, the dress passed the tests.
Even though our April scrapbook kit is sold out you have one last chance to get your hands on one. Artful Delight will be sponsoring over at Sketch Inspiration next week. I will have more details soon.
With ceilings at least 15 feet high, all the heat goes straight up there ..
Now, I am not suggesting that we do this consciously, although some parents undoubtedly do so; I just think that as humans we are somehow wired this way, to get caught up in the heat and passion of a moment and try to "win" so we can get our way or fulfill our wants and needs.
Length: 5 CDs (Approximately 5 hours 10 minutes)
Setting up a publishing house costs money and Ann had come into some from her grandfather's property in East Berlin after the wall came down. Most people in the insecure profession of writing would have put it into a pension or bought a modest house. Ann put it all into setting up Barn Owl Books.
Knowing that to our souls
Easter Weekend
What I admire about Dalaras is that he is a huge collaborator and as a musician who stretches his wings. He doesn't stick to one style of Greek music as you will see from the below clips.
Pro:
But this particular beer was made for celebration, marking the 50th anniversary of the Drie Fonteinen restaurant and geuze blender. Located in the the heart of Payottenland south-west of Brussels, known to quality beer lovers as Lambicland, in the village of Beersel, and on the web at www.3fonteinen.be Easy get to online as well as in the real world as Beersel is just a short train ride from the Brussels South Station.
Why is Red and White so popular? Why is it a powerful combination?
Not living where you live;
This will be a quick hair post, because I know my blog sisters will be posting shortly about their experiences at the Atlanta Hair Show. Nonetheless, I’ve recently become concerned about heat damage. My natural hair texture is about 3b- soft, thick, curly, and spirally. I’ve sported this natural texture for most of my life except for about three years from 6th through 9th grade when I let social pressure push me to relax my hair. I grew out my perm in high school through a process that involved conditioning, hard pressing and cutting at least two inches every two weeks. Since then, I’ve been determined to keep my hair straight (85% of the time) without the perm. This has involved years of pressing, which transitioned to years of flat ironing, and now I just blow dry and curl. In modern terms, I’ve successfully heat trained my hair. Heat training, also known as ‘heat damage’, occurs when your hair’s natural curl structure has been altered as a result of prolonged exposure to heat. Hair is often straighter even in its natural state. Here’s a snap shot of what my curls look like now after washing and setting over night.
On February 1st, 2010 we finally got our own place where we could meet to discuss plans for our oral history project. We are currently located at the Brooklyn Public Library on Eastern Parkway between Utica Avenue and Schenectady Avenue. The room is very spacious and it has everything we might possibly need: Chairs, table space, a chalkboard and silence.
9) Hey, can i butt into your personal life? +
Have you ever suppressed a gag when meeting someone for the first time?
“She had a symbol for protection and for love woven together. Funny, the protection
I am the Life,
Light, whispy tufts of spray paint and thick wrinkled blobs, puddles, make up the surfaces of Morris’ paintings. Areas are thinned down to a wash with turpentine. Shapes overlap literally as puddles, or thick pudding skins, are laid down and piled on one another.
And it will get even better in 2012. Africa is favorably positioned to become the 2nd fastest growing region in the world, and according to the International Monetary Fund (IMF), economic growth across the 54 countries of the continent will hover around 6% in 2012.
If you live in the UK you can purchase Sandbells from EXF Perform better (www.exf-fitness.com) they are the official distributors of the product. For training, demonstrations or certified education – We are you port of call. The Fitness Retreat will be the international training team. Covering The UK and Europe.
wasn't too far behind!
I seem to work a lot of late shifts, often running into the early hours and then I’m wide awake until a time where most are getting up to start their own days.
Slice apples (I only did two apples) to make them look like french fries. Coat in cinnamon and sugar. Place sugared slices onto a pan, bake for 10 minutes. *make sure whatever you place the apples on has sides to it. The apples give a lot of liquid that will spill over the sides and make a lot of smoke. Yes..... I learned this from experience.....
Could I get some help? When I ask this of my class of 3rd thru 6th graders at AWANA, every hand raises before I even say what I need help with. But when we stand at the pulpit and ask for help from the congregation…not near so many hands are raised. Sometimes it feels like pulling teeth to get people to help out.
You can have this experience at home with Forever's Stovetop Espresso Maker. Using a pressurized steam system to force pressurized gaseous water through the coffee beans, you won't be able to tell its espresso from store bought. It's so good, in fact, that world espresso champion Drea du Mandionne always takes one with her when she is camping. Her taste is unimpeachable, so this is clearly a quality item.
Not that I can remember anyway. He's just a little skittish.
It was also on this tour that Vincent was involved in a car crash near Chippenham, Wiltshire; he survived, but it caused more damage to his twisted leg. A local policeman, PC David Harman, was the first to the scene, where he discovered the crash had killed Cochran, Vincent's co-star and best friend. Unbelievably, the tour continued. In Glasgow he was in terrible pain and rubbed his left shoulder throughout the show before collapsing - doctors then discovered he'd broken his collar bone in the crash. To get out of the rest of the tour, Vincent forged a telegram that said his daughter Melody had died of pneumonia. By the time the promoters found she was alive and well, Vincent was back in the States.
And, finally, this whole concept of proportionality exists in international law only in situations where you know that you’re going to harm non-dangerous people. It’s not relevant in other circumstances. This is designed for situations where noncombatants will be hurt and in those circumstances the commander in the field must weigh the benefits and the damage. The questions of proportionality are clear only at the extremes. Between those extremes, only the commander in the field can weigh the balance. It’s very hard to give him a formula.
Our gardener suggested putting a radio set on a low volume into the beds.
Hey America, Sam Sparks here! Not really (and if you haven't seen Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, you are now just confused)...Aubrey from All Things Bright and Beautiful! And yes, my sense of humor will be pretty much like that throughout the whole post (c:
For now, it is set up to automatically post the links to new blog entries.
Friday (March 16)--- I went to art class and then went to the church,because we have game night every firday.
The internet and new technologies have helped to connect marginalized groups and give the power of production to oppositional narratives. However it is important to remember that as communication technology allows for globalized efforts against the growing forces of capitalism, the connections are taking place on products that are a part of a very exploitative and environmentally damaging globalized process. This is a process of outsourcing labor, exploiting mineral resources, and exporting hazardous waste that poisons whole communities from their air to their drinking water. It is important to understand where globalization from the bottom is taking place, and that is in the middle of a globalization that is in the hands of multinational corporations.
You need water to burn calories. Without it your body’s metabolism will slow down. Drinking water will help you burn more calories and flush the toxins out of your body faster, making it run more smoothly.
5th row. front and center.
The beige bottle with the green cap is Paula's Choice AHA 10% for the body. Why not? It's summer and I still haven't "de-scaled" from the Winter months. I bought two since these were half price. They are redesigning the bottles. I'm guessing that the price will go up as well. I'm thinking that maybe I should order more? The bottle is only 8 ounces but I've found that a little goes agood enough way in covering myself. The only folly I see with this product is no SPF. So in my thinking and questioning how will I get the most out of this product. I take morning showers.My greasy hair demands it. I wear an SPF all over every day so if I apply the AHA 10% first, then apply the SPF second? Will this cause a chemical breakdown of either products efficacy? Or I could take nightly showers and apply the 10% AHA lotion to freshly cleansed skin and won't have to worry about a second layer. I'm still deciding if I want to change my whole routine for just some damn lotion. I'm leaning towards the change of taking nightly showers and just wash my hair in the morning because who doesn't want smooth KP-free arms and even toned bum? :P
Score arranged by David Matthews
No and I can tell you why. The Mayans had several methods to count time, one of them for very long periods, the "Long Count Calender": one Day is a K'in, 20 days are a called Winal, 18 Winals are a Tun (about one year), 20 Tuns are a K'atun and 20 K'atuns are one B'ak'tun. So year one, day one would look like this: 0.0.0.0.0 (0 B'ak'tun, 0 K'atun, 0 Tun, 0 Winal, 0 K'in). If you do the math and keep on counting Dec 21st 2012 looks like this: 13.0.0.0.0
Old job: I've been editing rheumatology manuscripts for the past 4 years and I'm really not going to miss that part at all, but I will miss my coworkers. If you're one of them, you should comment/email and let me know how we can keep in touch! (And no, they're not letting me keep the lobster suit. NOT THAT I'VE ASKED.)
Whatever it is I am ready for a break now. Ah yes, I hear you laugh. It's Christmas in a few days! Ok so I'll have a break after Christmas and New Year. Hmm nup, can't do that either! As we have the Nevus Conference and Camp right after. We are driving there. The estimation is between 10 to 12 hours. Fun! Chaos.
So here I present you with the best, the most fascinating, the most delightful series of books in the entire world:
The debate on the table, however, is regarding the women’s choice, because in this case the system actually got the finalists right with three women who truly had outstanding seasons (Valerie Adams, Sally Pearson & Vivian Cheruiyot) – making the choice an extremely tough one. I know because it was the same choice I found myself forced to make when making my own AOY selections.
Transport - Free car parking in the nearby industrial park providing you arrive early. It's either that or the train - good luck with the crowds.
Also, this week, I will be announcing, on Thursday, my next
Dear Diary:
@Chipo
And this?
Enter:
In the future I'll have more stuff to feature about my own projects, but for now, This is what I got.
It is ironic that even though innovation is worshipped today, the environment is most conducive to imitation. Technology has brought people extremely close. They share ideas, information and even have similar sets of needs. So there is ample scope for multiple companies to make it big by copying one another.
But text mining and mirror reading are not so useful in the case of Romans because Paul isn’t writing to a church he founded, and because of that, he pulls his punches, tones down his language and works much more subtly than in, say, Galatians or 1 Corinthians. So scholars who simply look for the specifics of the letter or mirror read into it find some of the reasons Paul writes, but not the core issue. So, yes, he wanted support for his proposed trip to Spain, and yes, he wanted to address divisions within the Roman church, and yes, he wanted prayer, if not money, for his collection for Jerusalem.
I would even dare to say that I don't believe that the "Great Commission" is the most important thing in the life of a follower of Christ.
I am glad to have found in Iaido something so different and personally challenging - there is always something new to fix and adjust. I am not saying it doesn't happen in karate, but when trying to learn something new, all of the "subtle" adjustments that you can do on the fly normally just seem that much more important and that much more difficult.
After all, in addition to the uncanny experience of seeing your buildings, streets, sidewalks, and even trees repeated on the other side of the world, "creating an exact duplicate of a city may not be legal, according to Hans-Jörg Kaiser from Icomos Austria, the national board for monument preservation under UNESCO. 'The legal situation still needs to be examined,' he said. Building new structures based on photographs is legal, he explained, but owners must give their permission for them to be measured."
Sally Learoyd, the RSPCA’s equine rehoming officer, said: “Over the past year we’ve seen a huge increase in the amount of horses being disowned or allowed to get into an appalling state because the trade in horses has collapsed.”
So, if Clevelanders like to name totally unconnected streets with the same name, why do they name streets that continue with no break with different names? McKinley Avenue becomes Larchmont after you cross Madison Avenue and Larchmont becomes Granger after you cross Detroit. Morrison becomes Westwood after you cross Madison and turns into Summit after your cross Detroit.
4. “Everything will be OK.” (You don't know that)
10.) You’re somehow stranded on an island with only 3 books for company—what are they?
18 oz Lactose Sugar (15 Min.)
Anyways have another to share with you soon, and another
will affect how you deal with it. With immigration, there are many
Here is just one very small sample of the numerous passages—pick a page, any page!—that moved me:
How far along?: 32.5 weeks.
The Śrīmad Bhāgavatam will now begin a “sequel” to the Mahābhārata, again illustrating that it is the culmination of everything important and revered in classical Indian civilization. Besides providing a sequel to the beloved Mahābhārata, it is also an elaboration upon the purport of the Gayatrī Mantra, a clarification of the conclusion of Vedānta-Sūtra, and an illustration of the principles and conclusions of Bhagavad-Gītā. The Gayatrī Mantra is the zenith of Vedic Mantras, so by elaborating on the Gayatrī the Bhāgavatam effectively elaborates upon the entire body of Vedic Mantra. The Gītā and especially the Vedānta-Sūtra is the crème of the Upanishads, so by expanding upon these the Bhāgavatam expands upon the Upanishads.
It makes me feel like a stripper who is preforming in a low class club. I'm trying to do flashes and teases while the audience wants immediate gratification.
4. Avoid Polycarbonate plastics for warm foods or liquids. These plastic containers should be marked with a number 7 on the bottom or the letters “PC”. When packing up leftovers, look for plastics labeled #1, #2 or #4 as these are generally healthier and don’t contain BPA.
If you watched the programme, you will have seen Dr Mosley undertake a ‘blood fat’ test. He had his blood taken before and after a full breakfast and the fat in the blood was measured. What I found interesting was you could see the fat sitting ‘on top’ of the blood; this fat, if not controlled, is on route (via your blood) to your vital organs…
Endlessly patient, clear, available, most gentle but not adverse to a rib nudging when necessary saved me deeply from myself the other day.
Acupuncture is an ancient form of Chinese medicine used to treat skin from the inside out. The fundamental concept is one of balance, like “yin” and “yang”. The idea is to balance the body through restoring the natural flow of energy, Qi (pronounced chi), in the body. Acupuncture is believed to move energy within the body, resulting in bringing blood to the face as well as stimulating collagen and elastin.
Very little is known about the Presocratics, the loosely-defined group of ancient philosophers who, as one might imagine, predated Socrates and Plato. The writings and alleged ideas of these philosophers is fragmentary, consisting mainly of anecdotal evidence from later philophers and historians. Many of these accounts may not even be entirely accurate, and much of the accounts themselves has been lost through the ages. But what exists hopefully gives us a general idea of what the Presocratics believed, and stands as a testament of the movement away from the theological (as it relates to the ancient Greek gods) accounts of history, mankind, and the nature of things, towards argument, critical thinking, scientific inquiry, and metaphysical questions.
A recent case in the Patents County Court for England and Wales concerned the nature and scope of copyright protection for a computer manipulated monochrome photograph of a bright red bus going over Westminster Bridge. The photograph may be of a specific subject matter but the case has much wider implications for the worlds of photography and graphic design.
Iván - What is your favorite local find? Where did you get this item – how long have you had it?
An interesting piece on the Transition Culture website on a transition take on the big society by Rob Hopkins and Peter Lipman looking at the concerns about and opportunities from David Camerons ‘Big Society’ proposals.
The addendum, in red ink when the rest of the note was in black, of "not a reading session" just corked me right off. Number one, he can't tell me what to do on my break. He can limit the time and frequency within law, surely. He can, legally, require me to stay on the business property during said break, unless it's a lunch break. He cannot tell me I can't read a book.
For some reason my most creative ideas come to me in the shower. I wish I had some receptacle, other than my very overloaded mind, in which to collect them, because they come flowing in and then are all washed out with the last of the suds. Perhaps one day someone will obligingly invent a recording device embedded in a shower head …except that when it malfunctions all those carefully hoarded ideas might be washed out with the next jet of water.
with just the random pitter-pat
But does this make any sense? Does making arbitrary rules help a child prepare for the inevitable unfairness of nature? Is a 10:00 curfew unfair in the same way as a Category 5 hurricane, or a sudden strike by Cancer?
In the opening chapter of Genesis we hear the story of Creation. God speaks the worlds into existence. With each day of Creation, we hear God’s judgment, “It is good.” The goodness of the created order is a fundamental tenet of the Christian faith. What God has brought into existence is good: He is not the author of evil. Existence is declared to be good. Thus God sustains all things in their existence, for He does not remove us from the goodness He has given. We may wonder why God allows somethings to continue in existence, but He does so because He Himself is good and does not begrudge us the gift of goodness.
The finalists competed one by one, and Suzanne dove in first with her “Whoop, There It Is,” a delicious combo of sake, muddled blackberries, homemade ginger syrup, lemon juice and vodka served up in a cocktail glass with a fresh blackberry. Suzanne has a very intuitive approach to drink-making, and she seemed to know immediately what flavors she needed to put together—this drink could easily go onto Castagna’s menu today.
Writers : Roy Frumkes, Rocco Simonelli
4 oz semi-sweet chocolate
Oh, and while CBS is stepping heavily on the toes of Lisbeth Salander fans with this odd new show, it may also be offering offense to a real-life female civic leader. Quean is set in Oakland, California, where the first female mayor in that city’s history is now presiding. The female mayor, a Chinese American, is named Jean Quan.
Robert W Chambers – The Yellow Sign
We played on the swing, ran around the play ground, climbed up the rock wall and went down the slide. then it hit me.
He says he had the emergency dentures to stop his face “falling apart” after 35 years on the thrash.
In Europe, the spotlight has shifted from Greece to Italy as investors around the world bail out of Italian government bonds, driving interest rates above the 7% threshold that, by general consent, separates investments from junk. There’s a new Italian government, and a new Greek government, and no doubt there will be new governments in other countries before long, but since nobody is willing to do the one thing that will fix the problem—that is, admit that debts that can’t be paid will, in fact, not be paid, and allow the banks that unwisely lent money to deadbeat nations to go under, as capitalist economic theory says they should—changing governments won’t change anything significant. I wish more people remembered what happened the last time European governments put allegiance to a global financial regime ahead of the needs of their own people; that was in the wake of the 1929 stock market crash, for those who need a reminder. We’ll talk more about that down the road a bit.
At the end, you are left wanting to know what will happen next, especially with the main character's relationship with his mother, a former Roman Catholic nun who leaves the convent to marry and returns there many years later after her husband's death.
tickle torcher until we there self
He still had a weakness, though. If his confidence dropped so did his power levels. He was possibly of huge feats of strength, but it was always possible that they could fail. And for a guy who always strives to do the right thing, and be seen as The Good Guy, there were many plausible and interesting ways a writer could manipulate to use that advantage against him.
The first page begins with a giant papal crucifix erected by the railway platform at Birkenau. The chapter then proceeds to discuss the controversy surrounding the commemoration of those murdered at the camp. Ultimately, the author asserts, the conflict over crosses at Auschwitz illustrates the presence of a Christian-Jewish dialectic going back to the first century.
By the way, have you noticed the new layout? Well you can thank Elton over at Elton Says Things for that. He created that nice spangled banner up there, which I feel has really livened this place up. In a show of appreciation, I urge you to visit his Blog which is really very, very good.
Sign Up By: March 11th!
Then I was flat on my back. I had the sparkly checkerboards of recovering consciousness dancing around the edges of my vision, and Jeff was standing over me. He looked genuinely concerned as he played the instrumental part while tapping me with his foot.
But bad means bad, and it can only get better, right?
I've been a fan of the H. P. Lovecraft Historical Society for years. I've snatched up their Dark Adventure Radio CDs, their Prop Collection .pdf CD-ROMs, and have always looked forward to their vendor table at the Festival. Seeing their The Call of Cthulhu on the Hollywood Theatre a few years ago was a fantastic experience, and I know we've all been counting down the days until we could see The Whisperer... at the HPLFF.
Although not a color, floral was next with 13 per cent, followed by green and cream each at 11 per cent. Pink and purple - 10 per cent - red, yellow, orange - four per cent - and black - two per cent - were next.
In the fading light, the latter, now an abandoned hollow shell, its mullioned stone windows open to the elements and the doorways gated with iron bars, is eerily imposing. Built by Warham to rival Cardinal Wolsey’s palace at Hampton Court, it is just as ostentatious in its construction of red brick, with stone quoins and blue brick diamond diapering. I peer through the doorway into the gloom: the floor is littered with rubbish and detritus. But looking up, a first floor fireplace, framed by a stone arch and with typically Tudor diagonal brickwork to the back wall, hints at the sumptuous splendour of its heyday.
and carry the meaning of the past in today's modern, fast paced world.
My challenge (and this is as much for me as everyone else) is: this week, as you give feedback to friends and other writing peers, be as generous in your praise as you are in your critique. That doesn't mean you praise insincerely--but find things to genuinely celebrate in the writing of others.
Does my silence empower me or devalue me?
Place back in oven for an additional 5 minutes, just to melt cheese. Veggies will still be crisp and not over cooked. If you like veggies cooked more then you will want to roast separately while crust is roasting. Pizza on right is the kids cheese pizza.
A helicopter ride had long been an item on Busy-And-Important-Husband’s bucket list. Me? Terrified of them. Flying eggbeaters aren’t my idea of a good time, but just as I was about to utter an unequivocal ‘no’, he pulled out the trump card.
Prep time 30 mins
But to be back to Easter eggs with this motive.. Some of them I decorated with sprinkled dotts some with acryl reliefs, but all are varnished and polish to the high shine and decorated with satin or chiffon ribbon.
Breathe. Feel your breath come in and out.
So, I stopped. But that isn't the only reason.
Forgive
Alan was the lead poet and creator, of The 1000 Verse Renga Project in partnership with Bath Libraries (U.K.) and supported by the BBC Poetry Season website.
He won't. I'm going to make it my life's work to see that other women, just like me, get help. I went to food shelves to feed my kids while my ex-husband and his shiny wife bought new iPhones and Kindles and new cars and got new windows on their house. I lost my house while my ex-husband and his shiny wife went on trips and ate out at 5 star restaurants and bought diamonds and designer dogs. But you know what?
Social conservatives are against abortion, they’ve made that abundantly clear. So in an attempt to avoid unwarranted pregnancies and the associated abortions, birth control pills were created. Yay!! But wait, social conservatives are also against birth control. Hmm…that doesn’t seem to add up. How do we stop from having unwanted pregnancies if we don’t use birth control (the Catholic Church is also anti-condom)? Oh, right, abstinence is the answer; because that is a realistic approach to the worldwide problem of HIV and AIDS, as well and overpopulation and unwanted pregnancies worldwide (ironically, abortion numbers would actually decline if birth control was cheaper or more widely available). Wrong, wrong, wrong.
Pairings: Cheese: Camebert, Fontina
OH, my Isabelle - we have called her Izzy, Elle, Ellie Bellie, and up until just 2 months ago, she was the baby! I'll never forget my pregnancy miracle with her and how God healed her, which you can read about in the beginning of this post. And you can read about her birth here. We are SO blessed to have her in our family!
So, Welcome to Whimsical Wednesday -
TREAT AS URGENT,
hundreds and thousands or sugar pearls to decorate
“We have to make sure we love each other more than we love…nationality…”
Cool dude…..hahaha
Living for nothing, hoping for something,
The cowboys made of rattlesnake hide
When the boys first moved in here (some thousand years ago), they were used to eating instant dinners, fast food, and junk, junk, junk. I figured that was easy and what with life being short, I bought Hamburger Helpers, Instant Potatoes, Corndogs, and whatever looked convenient.
Module 8 provides an in-depth exploration of service-orientation, service-oriented architecture and SOA design patterns, including those that relate to the Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) and Orchestration.
Bob Dylan – Billy #4 - Soundtrack: Pat Garrett and Billy The Kid
To start us off, here are my goals:
MEARA MO, BRIEN AO, FEELY E, CONLON M. Influenza A outbreak in a community hospital. Ir Med J 2006; 99: 175-177.
A lot has changed in the 40 years since Dark Shadows has left the air. Television, movies, music and comics are very different, often slicker and more sophisticated. Still, there was a special feeling in the air that fades with the passing of each individual who brought their own personal stamp to the work they produced.
And it took me a while
The political impasse in Washington, DC was never more clear than in the back to back statements by President Obama and Speaker of the House Boehner. It may well be that more centrist Democrats and Republicans could find common ground except for the GOP's Tea Party-elected candidates who have drawn the line at any tax increases. While it may be an economic crisis that is ungovernable, or a perfect storm of economic and political crises, the perception continues that their is a leadership crisis and that President Obama is unable to get plus political Now Andrew Malcolm in the LA Times reports that the President's Democratic Liberal base has crumbled. It would appear this has resulted from disaffection over the administration's failure to create jobs and the hundreds of billions given to corporations as part of the financial bail out that haven't delivered any results except for executives at the highest levels. More from Malcolm and the Pew Research Poll here Left stalwarts such as Sen. Bernie Sanders from Vermont are calling for the President to stand for a primary challenge: "I think it would be a good idea if President Obama faced some primary opposition."
Due to the screen size limitations of the phone, many of the applications display content in a list view ( e.g. Twitter, Facebook etc). Android does not have an easy way to scroll up , so if I want to see the topmost tweet in a list of 100, i have to swipe up multiple times.
Yeh. For anyone who heard my latest
Updated: 2011-03-19
to the place where I will abandon fear
We are not talking single belly-laughs at specific jokes here. We are talking uncontrollable giggles at the character, the performance and nuances of the script/ad libs. And the whole audience was very definitely laughing WITH not at the character of Wilfredo – a spittle-spewing, slightly seedy Spanish singer and would-be Lothario.
A few days later, Friedemann entered Stevens Hall off the school’s collegiate quad to find Romney marching out of his own room ahead of a prep school posse shouting about their plan to cut Lauber’s hair. Friedemann followed them to a nearby room where they came upon Lauber, tackled him and pinned him to the ground. As Lauber, his eyes filling with tears, screamed for help, Romney repeatedly clipped his hair with a pair of scissors.
“Nobody was in one piece. Hands, legs and body parts were scattered everywhere. Those who were away from the fuel tanker were badly burnt.”
Check back later this weekend for a full article on the event, and my post-event notes.
Breadbar had been testing ground for arguably the pioneer of pop-up restaurants in LA, Ludo Lefebvre with his original Ludo Bites leading the way just a few short years ago. This past Monday, Breadbar took the concept to a whole new level with a one-night-only, blinding line-up of culinary luminaries from Michael Cimarusti (Providence, Water Grill) to Hiroyuki Urasawa (Urasawa) to Walter Manzke (Church & State, Bastide), serving up a five-course meal to benefit Ibaraki prefecture, hometown of Breadbar head chef Noriyuki Sugie, which was devastated along with so many others in the recent earthquake and tsunami in Japan.
and was in college at UCSC (University of California at Santa Cruz). Since she mentions J.J. Cale and Sun Ra, she is probably talking about 1990 since that is when
So what does freedom look like in our house?
Before his death, Newton had scrawled Marcus' name in the last page, and with it a clue and a code. Marcus discovers how lines from the past will intersect with the future. But what he can’t determine is his own fate and how that path will cross with powerful people determined to control the ultimate destiny of everyone on earth. Only one other man ever learned the secret Marcus now knows...and it’s a secret that Isaac Newton took to his grave.
Make sure you never find yourself in this situation. Take a few moments to connect with your insurance agent. It will be well worth it.
I met Traci for the first time at a dance at the beginning of February 2004. She paid much more attention to my son Brendan than she did to me. Brendan was 8 years old at the time, and while his 11-year-old sister enjoyed the dancing immensely, he was not having any fun at all and was making this fact abundantly clear to me as I tried to reason with him in the kitchen at the church hall. “Just another 15 minutes, Brendan,” I said. “They’re taking a break then and that’s when we’ll go.” He was starting to work himself into a major fit when Traci, after sussing up the situation from across the room, swooped in, got down to Brendan’s level and engaged him in a way his ornery old dad could not. I think I fell in love with her at that very moment.
Please make a note that your list of required due diligence items will grow over time and you may end up with a box — if not boxes of documents. Why? Because during the process, new information is discovered, additional back up documents are required and requested and…the deal may be renegotiated or restructured. You will start your review, if not completely over, from somewhere in the middle and continue with the same fast approaching deadlines.
Away all your pain
First, there has to be some sort of online real estate that you have possession of meaning a website or blog in hand. Beginner websites with less than 1,000 visitors a day is not going to see much return and more likely is going to sink heavily if there isn’t much stipulation placed in the market that is being sought after. Top trafficked websites that are attracting more than 5,000 visitors a day may not even be making $100 dollars in adsense a day because the niche that is being occupied is dissolved or unprofitable. Choose a market that shows potential, and makes you feel more comfortable to create more usability for readers.
This was my first experience reading anything by Kathy Hepinstall, however after reading Blue Asylum I will have to catch up. She certainly captured my interest as Blue Asylum kept my Kindle in constant use. Anyone interested in the rights of women, and the social inequities that was prevalent during the late 19th century will embrace this with zeal. Kathy Hepinstall has a fluid style, a natural cadence to her writing with an intriguing plot.
Perhaps it’s because Shadowmagic was so disappointing that I liked Glow as much as I did; I was expecting your now traditional young adult novel. You know, pretty cover, shoe-horned love triangle between the “good” boy and the “bad” boy, lots of flash, little substance. But Ryan surprised me here by examining gender and sex in a futuristic culture where it is your duty to bear children, because how else will the human race survive? And it’s this focus on child-bearing (and thus sex) that complicates the lives of the girls on both ships. On the Empyrean, a focus on sex has the adult men ogling and even abusing the teenage girls, which is rightly depicted as disgusting, but the New Horizon’s focus on rearing children can be just as damaging. At one point, Waverly’s eggs are harvested without her consent; as someone tries to justify it, she sullenly likens it to rape, which shuts them up quickly—part of Mather’s motivation for raiding the Empyrean was saving the girls from a crew she knew would abuse them.
Why do Koreans mourn the death of Kim Jong-Il? It’s because of his courageous defiance of U.S. domination, his commitment to the reunification and the real accomplishments of socialism. In the face of those who wage war for exploitation and oppression, Kim’s decisions represented the aspirations of Korean workers, peasants, women and children – the united Korean nation – for freedom. Although Kim Jong Il has passed away, the Korean people will continue to march forward raising the banner of national reunification, self-determination and revolution.
Smithsonian Institute in Washington. In Steinhauer’s interpretation of Hampton’s shrine, the aluminum-wrapped components become electricity conductors. Using 4×5 analong film process, Steinhauer captures the ethereal electric charges. Large prints of these images are up on display. The second work in the installation is a series of kinetic sculptures composed of common household appliances and furniture that rotate, begin and stop seemingly at random. The audio component to this installation is comprised of low frequency beats produces with synthesizers and keyboards.
The following exchange of emails occurred very late in the semester, in early December. Dr. McGuire’s grading to this point had been harsh. It was pretty clear that she intended to give me a very poor grade for the semester. I was slow to defend myself. But eventually it seemed that I had really better speak up.
and there was a new voice
My answer – and one of the reasons I am writing this blog – is that the process of learning any foreign language has pitfalls and shortcuts. If you have taught your own native language, then you are uniquely armed to navigate these pitfalls and use the shortcuts. In the course of this blog, I will post articles on items of English structure to help my faithful readers understand English better, not to be able to teach it, but to understand the mental “infrastructure” that each English-speaker brings to the task of learning another language.
“This does not mean that if they withdraw from any inch of land, we will refrain from spreading our rule over it. Every inch of land without relinquishing an inch. This is our goal and our motto. We will never give it up.
In conclusion, they will make a movie about anything, our custodian is a fly killer, Betty Crocker is full of nuts, soy free cheese sucks and it's best not to be absent on ice cream day.
Secondly, this is Shakespeare and it never does to underrate him. The play raises many questions and sets up an interesting scenario. An intelligent, opinionated woman is constantly unfavourably compared to her bland, simpering, younger sister by her father and others. She becomes not just wayward but wild with frustration and spite. Into this mix is thrown a man unlike all the others in Padua, someone completely unfazed by Kate's tricks.
That’s where it would ultimately end
Pip Andrew (Team Adam) – Adam told him straight up that he is at risk getting sent home in the instant eliminations; Pips last performance wasn’t the greatest and he is fighting for his life. I am sure that struck some fear in his heart. Tonight Pip was singing “Somewhere Only We Know” by Keane. This is such a great song. He started off playing the piano and he it was really sweet. I feel he didn’t have the control he wanted while singing. His voice was shaky and he wasn’t hitting all of the notes. His falsetto cracked noticeably towards the end of the song and it seemed to fall apart after that. I paused my tv and just stared at the floor. Its never good to have your bad notes fall apart at the end. Blake said where in the hell is the bowtie? Adam said he likes the no bowtie; it was great overall but he is proud of him and he let Pip do the song that he wanted to do. 1-855-VOICE-07
In the black plastic bowls are lots of images that I printed and then cut out by hand – hours of fussy cutting that gave me a neck ache! - (little coins in the front bowl) which have now been added to the inside of the card. Beside my bottle of acrylic polymer you can see my dirty paint water! Perhaps I should have emptied that before photographing my desk but this is supposed to be an “as is” photo lol! As you can see, I still haven’t got round to altering my extremely posh pot for my brushes!
If you get a chance to stop back by tomorrow you can check out my craft space. I'm so excited because I actually set up my sewing machine on a table so I can start stitching on my cards and layouts!!! And I love the new paint color in my craft room . . so come back (better yet, sign up to receive emails of my posts)!
The second play, for my slightly older class is The Haunted House. Yeah - heaps original title, I know.
You can learn more about mastering your own mind by joining me on the Tess and Bess Show where 20 Visionaries have come together to share their wisdom with you and it’s totally free to attend. Just go here and sign up.
wifeless, without a child,
you could remember
The bigger problem for me is why The Clash kept drifting away from their strength as one of the greatest rock bands of all time. Their 1977 debut was an incendiary mix of thrashing guitars and burning vocals. Give Them Enough Rope in 1978 and The Cost of Living E.P. both continued with a big guitar sound. London Calling (1979) is an unqualified success, but their further branching out beyond two guitar rock was evident in Rudie Can't Fall and Revolution Rock among other tracks from that release. The brief diversions into new territory that were enjoyed on London Calling, started to be called into question by the faithful on Sandinista. Here was a sprawling 3 LP meal that had large helpings of funk, rap, soul, dub reggae and beyond that really should have been condensed into just a single record, and that’s not even addressing the bigger issue of its overall thin quality. Combat Rock picked up where Sandinista left off with a loose funk hybrid that was sometimes interesting, but ultimately frustrating again in its small doses of what they did best - rock n' roll.
The story opens as her deceased grandmother leads her to Rosehill – a rundown Georgian manor house. And where most of us would probably find the house entirely empty, Camilla, a medium, senses the spirits of a variety of visitors to the house and is able to communicate with many.
I started getting up very early,
With no assistance or influence from me she has developed a sarcastic quip about her.
- Slippers for indoor wear (regency, yes, but also night slippers)
What I don’t understand is why the FA have this STUPID rule that says they will not take further action if the referee saw the incident. The referee is at fault here for (a) not taking action at the time in what was an awful incident, but then (b) mentioning in his report that he had seen the incident but took no action.
*Discard your lens container on a monthly basis to prevent possible microbial contamination.
Council - local government. Also about to be abolished by current British government, as far as I can see.
“On these magic shores children at play are for ever beaching their coracles. We too have been there; we can still hear the sound of the surf, though we shall land no more.”
7) knit 4, knit 2 together, around
Lots of folks take the great commission to mean they need to venture to the far corners of the world to spread the gospel of Jesus Christ. And they do. I am blessed when I think of the sacrifice it takes and the heart for God these folks exhibit to spread the gospel across the globe. Jesus taught us to make disciples of all nations.
Two turtles dead and a partridge in a black sea.
Sunday morning the sermon was on marriage.
I'm kind of picky about salad, I hate iceberg lettuce, it's void of any flavor in my opinion, isn't quite as nutritious as it's pretty dark green cousins (or red ones for that matter) and frankly it's boring. No wonder I don't love salad, iceberg, ick. For years salad meant pasty looking iceberg lettuce to me, no my mom (who is an amazing cook) didn't force-feed us iceberg but it's just what I associated salad with. As I've learned to expand my definition of salad I've become a bigger advocate of them, you'll see, perusing any salad recipes I post, many don't even have lettuce in them but iceberg is definitely not featured here! This salad is no exception, a few weeks back I was getting head after head of cabbage in my Farmhouse Delivery boxes, green, napa, red, you name it, I got it. So I made slaw, a lot. I wouldn't call this a slaw since I feel like slaw is another one of those terms with not so pretty connotations but I'd say it's a cabbage salad instead.
Like I said, it was time.
But while you're at home flipping through a cookbook to decide where to eat in Brooklyn, take a moment to appreciate recipes that are meant for an apartment kitchen. The Good Fork's Steak and Eggs Korean Style takes the process of making a fairly normal breakfast staple and adds the twist of kimchi rice and other seasonings to make it new. There's a recipe for mac and cheese courtesy of Dumont and a simple sweet tea from Egg.
For serious art buyers and art lovers there are still some of the prints for sale. To buy an artwork by this artist, it is still possible to purchase a print, although they are all limited to only 8 of each picture. Not yet one of the big names, but now is the best time for astute buyers to buy, considering just how very special John’s photography is.
By the way, this was my fiftieth post! More on dinner with D’s parents tomorrow…
Heeeeellllllloooooooo Blog Readers!!! :) MY LAPTOP OVERHEATED!!! :( This is not the first time this has happened, but it is the first time in a long time, and the first time since I last got it fixed up (by my old friend Arthur, he’s a computer wiz, but I haven’t seen or spoken to him since leaving WP). What happened last time is it was a mixture of an accumulation of dust, and poor ventilation. The vents on my laptop are on the bottom of my laptop, so it can’t easily get air. Since then I’ve been extra careful. Seriously, I treat my laptop with more care than anything I own. I’m not normally so careful. When we watch House, and I set it up on my chest of drawers, I put it on top of 2 glasses cases, away from the vents, so air can get into it from underneath. However, tonight I didn’t check it properly, and one of the cases was covering the main vent, which caused it to overheat and cut out :/ It’s not a major problem. As you can see just by reading this post, it’s working again now. But I’m gunna keep my usage of it to a minimum over the week, use the main computer as much as possible, and then on the weekend open it up myself and try and get the dust out, without braking something ;) Tonight’s episode of House was the final one with Stacy :/ We finished the episode on Charlie’s laptop. Another good episode :) I was going to bring my laptop into College tomorrow, to help with the Geology revision, so we can look at some pictures of Geological stuff, in preparation for tomorrow’s practical exam :)
This is a movie that struggles to be likable but shoots itself in the foot so often because of bad camerawork, bad writing, bad acting and bad effects that all its efforts are for naught.
Come Monday I receive the following email from one of Mr and Mrs Youngest's mates:-
Buried them quickly, beneath the brown soil.
We finally went back to the car for the next leg of our journey. On the road out, we saw a lot of Amish on bicycles, which reminded me of Minneapolis only with more bonnets. And probably just about the same number if beards.
It is natural for my son to put his arm around his grandmother. Like his father, he is a comforter. He knows intuitively the right moment to reach for a hand and just hold it, to give a sympathetic smile, to put his arm around someone. It is a gift.
I figured out halfway through the pattern sewing that this fabric has stretch. Nope, I never noticed before. I left the zipper off since I could squeeze it over my head. That won't work with a non-stretch fabric though. I *might* have had to restitch a bit of the waist seam after popping some stitches when trying it on.
I have redacted the names of the companies to which he has referred.
19 House of Blues, Anaheim, CA
collectors, some didn't. How do you like that picture of
Manny was ahead of Jim, and Isaac and Seth were a ways behind. No one saw Jim when he hit a rock, lost control, and went crashing over the edge of the cliff with the three-wheeler tumbling behind him. As he slid down the side of the embankment there was no way he could stop. About 70 feet down, a bed of branches and leaves caught and held him, and in a state of shock but without fear, he laid there listening to the three-wheeler as it continued to tumble down, down, down. Several minutes later, Isaac and Seth were over the cliff coming to Jim’s rescue. I asked how they knew where he was? Amazingly enough, the seat had come off the bike and was lying in the road, so as they came upon it, they immediately knew there was a problem. In evaluating his condition they realized that the injuries were minor and were mainly on the lower part of his body. His legs and ribs were bruised, but there were no broken bones, no damaged internal organs, no head injuries. And as they were telling me this, I remembered, “He will give His angels charge of you, to guard you in all your ways. On their hands they will bear you up lest you dash your foot (or in this case, your head) against a stone (Psalm 91:9-12). I could just imagine an angel taking the seat off the bike and setting it in the road; other angels holding Jim’s head and upper body away from the rocks and other dangerous objects as he fell; and another angel comforting him as he laid there waiting.
When I finally went to the corporate world, my father asked me to get a classy phone to be with the times. Obviously one should look professional in the presence of others, shouldn’t he? So you can imagine how much the mobile world had changed. A product which was a luxury at one time had changed into one which gave you a kind of an image in front of others. And so I decided to buy a Nokia X3-02. And that is one decision I regret even today.
Steve and I are heading off into the sunset for a couple of weeks so I shall not post again for a while!
But when you want money
6. He must understand my “love language” ( look forward to a post on this)
The thing is, a movie like this should have some scenes that are referential moments that we recognize from other disaster movies. There are a couple: one scene has Bologna's character visiting a cemetery discussing his troubled life with one of the tombstones, then the camera pulls back and you see several other people in the same cemetery having similar conversations with other tombstones. Another scene is the first reveal of the gigantic Cyclops bus in a slow, dramatic moment, complete with a bombastic orchestral accompaniment... only to be upstaged by someone observing that the huge bus line emblem was painted on backwards.
The focus of the dream is always what’s outside the apartment: the way the building looks, our parking lot for the apartment, the corner street that it’s on, the sounds of the thugs etc running amok. Although the events in the dream changes, the actual visual details are always the same.
It was contrary to human reasoning that Jesus would die the death of the cursed. But it was God’s plan of redemption as we see in Galatians 3:13. “Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us; for it is written, Cursed is everyone that hangeth on a tree.”
This time, there was only one character telling the story, in Murakami Haruki's intimate first person. The telling, as in the first two books, was once again split into two parallel tracks. One should probably say, split into two voices, for it was the split personality of Tamotsu Fukada who figured in this book.
The complaint states that photos of the pair were used on the companies’ website homepages, along with brochures, newsletters and email alerts.
When she spends the summer with her father and his new family, everything changes for Auden. She gets a job and learns how other girls her age live; it’s at this stage she realises everything she missed out on while trying to please her mother. And when Auden meets Eli she feels as though she’s finally met somebody who understands her.
- Why…?, Oh Why…?, 17/2/2012 18:07
I was 21, and I imagined I must have been beautiful then. They were older than I was, strong handsome men with girl friends. I remember calling my best friend then to ask her if I should go ahead with it. And she said, "Go! Just try it out!"
Commiserations to the families of those lost to the typhoon, and words of warning to the over 50's in Japan, for this will not be the last typhoon Japan sees. Just remember that thousands of tons of muck laden raging river can be dangerous, and that curiosity is sometimes best left to the cat.
Rated: 8 of 10, a very good book.
You can contact EmmaLou (emmalou@heartfeltcreations.us) to claim your $25.00 gift certificate. Be sure and put Winner of Alumni Hop Feb 28th in the subject line.
GUESS WHAT?!?! Another major milestone this month! You crawled AND stood up on your own on March 8th. I could not believe my eyes! You have been doing the on-all-fours-rock-back-and-forth for a month now, and then, BAM, you just started doing the motions! You crawled over to the train table, and stood up! I got pictures :)
“Yes,” she answered while sitting up more so she could actually see the men in the front seat.
Here is Will's. Its about his love of drawing!!! He wants to be an illustrator when he grows up. I was so proud of him. Each time we have scrapped I have tried to show him something new. This time I showed him how to layer the papers. Here is his layout!He even used a handmade embellie.....he used a lollipop by "Charms creations" and a cool button by "Lil Red Rocket"!
ATG Gun
When I set up the appointment with him, he didn't know what I was going to talk about. I told him that I was about to start a new venture and I really wanted to pick his brain and hear his thoughts and ideas. We met at Rock Bottom so I could give him a sense of what I was going for. We spent the next 2 hours talking about mission statements, branding, emotions, people, thoughts, logos, and a thousand different things I never thought of yet. Once we were finished, I had a plan, an outline. I had a sense of direction and purpose to really get this brewery going. But what happened next is what really inspired me and made me realize that this was really going to work. "I want it". This guy who works with Fortune 500 companies, rubs elbows with the rich and famous, and parties with rock stars wanted in. He wanted to a part of my brewery.
If you are a homeschooler, you have possibly heard about the workbox system. Well, I decided to use workboxes for the 2011-2012 school year. I don't have my system in place yet. Stay tuned for more info and pictures.
who shake their heads in disapproval
However all this nice beer is likely to set you back near £2 a bottle, off trade. Ah well, at least Beck’s is still on the special at Sainsbury’s. That’s a nice drop of lout and by all accounts follows the same purity law.
I don't see education as a means of value adding, a way of shaping a child into something that pleases you. It's a right, an education, and I aim to give my children an education because they have a right to it. Just as they have a right to housing and food and clean water and air. To give a girl-child her rightful education is particularly sweet.
So despite it being a week before Thanksgiving, I'm making a turkey dish.
I never would have imagined the outcome when I started.
The key is to blend, blend, blend – there should be no obvious lines or patches of colour.
Do check out the site & listen to the podcast - either on the site or by saving on your computer for later / your iPods etc.
Spanikopita with Greek Salad
1 Testify 4:36
I replaced them with some more.
All in all, I preferred B. Though both shared common elements, I felt B was more refined, and because of that, I declared that it was the more expensive of the two. I was wrong, and so was my colleague, Rüdiger.
3) This is one more thing we can check off the wedding to-do list! Usually it’s the bride who orders her dress first because of the time it takes to get in and altered, but in our case, the Scottish got to join in the joys of formal-wear-ordering-fun.
I. do. not. want. to. see. him.
Examine the stagnated outer air, emitting molten fragrancies, in the name of discovery; in search of it’s lost replica, isolated, scared and wandering alone.
I can only suggest that sometimes the spontaneous love of God wells up in me, and it’s impossible to keep it in.
Peter J. Williams is the Warden (CEO) of Tyndale House and a member of the Faculty of Divinity in the University of Cambridge. He received his MA, MPhil and PhD, in the study of ancient languages related to the Bible from Cambridge University. After his PhD, he was on staff in the Faculty of Divinity, Cambridge University (1997–1998), and thereafter taught Hebrew and Old Testament there as Affiliated Lecturer in Hebrew and Aramaic and as Research Fellow in Old Testament at Tyndale House, Cambridge (1998–2003). From 2003 to 2007 he was on the faculty of the University of Aberdeen, Scotland, where he became a Senior Lecturer in New Testament and Deputy Head of the School of Divinity, History and Philosophy. In July 2007 he became the youngest Warden in the history of Tyndale House. He also retains his position as an honorary Senior Lecturer in Biblical Studies at the University of Aberdeen.
I've been suffering from a lack of wind. In my tyre. It keeps, unpredictably, deflating. A week or so ago, I had it fixed. Or so the man said when he took my money. Days can go by when it's perfectly okay, then another day, I'll come out of work and find the tyre almost flat.
Not sure if we'll do anything special Tuesday, since we had our night, but I will probably let the girls choose dinner and dessert at home. Last year we fed the girls and ordered Steak Out, but not sure I want to spend that much. I need to figure it out soon!
Drag Queen Dave: McCullum has been in IRAQ not Afghanistan. You have gotten that wrong THREE times, you old queen, either your mind controlled brain is slipping or you have been drinking too many martinis at the Vegas tranny clubs you like to haunt and lip-sing at. Say it: eeeeeyyyeee-raque. His mission is over, his alter asleep, and he is back in Ohio with wife and K9. and I hear he will be promoted upward from Lt. Cmdr. And oh–I won’t send any more pulse beams to knock out your computer like I did on Tuesday; I was just playin’ witcha. And while I know my ABCs, I no longer play in that sandbox, eh, old timer.
Tyres work within a window of ideal vertical load. This load comes from weight distribution and downforce, simplistically the former affects low speed grip and the latter higher speed grip. Teams need to balance the static weight distribution and downforce front to rear to suit the tyres. A graph of load versus grip for a tyre will see significant drops either end of the scale as the tyre fails to work when either over or under loaded. It seem that Mercedes have too much load on the front tyres which will see them give up grip as the tyres gets too heavily loaded, this induces understeer. Conversely they have too little load at the rear which will compromise traction off the line and out of slow turns, but also induce oversteer. Having both ends of the car with incorrectly loaded tyres loads, will produce a car lacking in balance. The team could reduce grip at the rear to balance the car, but will then have a car lacking in grip.
not sleeping
The friendship between Xas and Sobran is incredibly moving. Though much of the tale describes the divine; referring throughout to God, Lucifer, heaven and hell, it is truly grounded in humanity. Following Sobran's mortal life, we get a glimpse of how it may appear to an immortal, while following the struggle of this one man, in his relationships, with his family, and with the ever-present vineyard itself. For do not forget, this is a tale of that wonderful delight...wine, which permeates even the annual meetings between the man and the angel.
I did try using small cuts like the frogs and the letters, and discovered that cutting larger shapes like the cauldron do cut much nicer. But as you can see on my card, small cuts can work, they just don't cut as cleanly. Check out the video, I posted it -HERE on FCCB
I changed images, but kept her layout and overall color scheme. I am on a mission to use things I have had for a long time. This tag is one of them, so I can't even remember where the images are from -- if you know, let me know!
Busy Signal -Reggae Music Dubb’n Again Track Listing:
would you like to sleep? Yes, well then you are going to have to stop with this procrastinating business. Honestly it really isn't healthy.
shape shifting
Ok, see how this continues to build on itself? You have to get involved, you have to expand your view, and you have to add your voice to inspire others. You will begin to see that everyone’s views and voices matter. Everyone’s vote matters! Your vote matters! People vote based on what the see, what they know and what they are led to believe. If you think your vote does not matter, a smaller and smaller pool of people will vote; and their vote becomes more powerful. “Why bother?” Because in the United States, people have given their lives so that everyone can have the right to vote. The struggle for an equal voice and equal votes continues in the United States and around the World!
I flew to Las Vegas to meet my husband for a couple of days before Christmas. We had a quick, fun, child free mini vacation and returned home for a lovely Christmas Eve family celebration. One of the places I wanted to see while in Vegas was this shop-
thighs rubbing
I used bias tape for the boning channels (left loose at the top 1" as per original) and the bottom edge. The top is folded over raw and the lace sewn on top (I did this as the very last step of the whole gown). The bodice is a little long for my short waist, but not too bad.
What business is it of total strangers as to how long we have been here, how would they react if we asked them loads of personal questions?
2 possess
4. Echo And The Bunnymen - Pictures On My Wall
Weep for Cato. Crocodile tears.
Somehow, I resist the urge to laugh out loud, and see Annika Hansen is about to stand. I wonder which consiousness is dominating her?
Secondly, William spoke with our geneticist this afternoon. He called her to request that she send us our baby’s gender in a sealed envelope. I was given the awesome idea to take that sealed envelope to a bakery and request pink filling for a girl, or blue filling for a boy, depending on what it says inside of the envelope. (Thank you, Regina for the great idea!!) Not exactly sure when we’ll be cutting the cake… but I’ll be sure to post a video to share the moment.
You need an oar to put your oar in?
Pushing for the legalization of recreational marijuana is a waste of time.
But, as I'm touring the place with this person, I am suddenly very aware that there are places where the paint is peeling, and there are boards showing through the drywall. There's been water damage, and the floorboards are spongy and smell of mold.
Even when it’s painful
Williamson was playing guitar at age ten and soon ran away from his Tennessee home to play at fish fries and dances. His travels took the guitarist through Mississippi and North Carolina during the 1920s, where he crossed paths with Yank Rachell, Sleepy John Estes, Blind Boy Fuller, and Big Joe Williams.
of starting from scratch-
13.Prayer Is The Key 05:16
And no, I don't know their names. I don't speak horse, so even if they told me their names I wouldn't have understood.
She blinked again and ran crying from the room.
10th of August 2011
Any combo of sweet and hot peppers you like (this is optional!)
Anyway, now to watch Julie and Julia to smooth my pain. Ok, I’m being a baby, it doesn’t hurt that much but only when I walk. Ahhhh good excuse to veg out.
In keeping with the spirit of leaving behind an artifact for every action and having those collected in a box (I'll have to look/construct one by the way, keep an eye out at garage sales etc) I just had the proofs of the buttons come in and they look great.
'I know, sweetheart.'
I was so aroused from an hour of MMO pleasure that the path to ejaculation was a very short one. In a few minutes the final orgasm reached deep into me and squeezed my seething prostate. In response ropes of white pearlesent cum were hurled into the air to splash on my belly and the sheets as they found their way earthward. I released a stream of hot passion that granted me welcome relief and put my boiling desire to peace.
Some – indubitably – work brilliantly; lets take the Nike ‘swoosh’ logo as one example… its just an image, a graphic, an emblem and yet… gradually its seeped into the public consciousness and its now known the world over for what it is. No need for ramming the word Nike down anyone’s throat; no need for copyrighters’ silly tag-lines… just the graphic unobtrusively positioned. Very clever
?1.2 gallon water tank runs whisper quiet up to 72 hours
Dinner at home. There are Mustaches on my shoes! Thanks to Claire from Jazzpad who I won these from. Catching up with friends over tea and sandwiches. A cute card holder which I couldn't resist and will be useful for the MTR in HK. Grandma treated my mum and I to Sushi. I want this teacup set, but it's annoyingly expensive!
"My top!" She exclaimed...followed by an evil laugh. I wasn't sure why she did it but I do know that I would let her in my cab anytime she wanted!! Gotta love the girls from the Ville!!
"Damn it!" he shouts suddenly. "What does 'damn it' mean?" The closest approximation I can offer in my sketchy Spanish is diablo -- or devil -- although I know the essence is lost in translation. "I never knew what it meant. My father used to say it when we had done something wrong," he explains through our interpreter, Luis, raising the back of his hand in a mock swipe.
What I think critics also miss is that political centrism is thoroughly Papal. The attitudes of John Paul II in respect of capitalism were simply modern adaptations of traditional Papal thinking. The syndicalism that was recommended in the famous 1891 encyclical De rerum novarum of Pope Leo XIII also tried to strike a balance between capitalism and socialism. Syndicalism is however much further to the Left than anything in place or generally proposed in the Western world today, though attempts were made to implement it in various Southern European Fascist regimes and modern Germany does have a watered-down version of it.
While biscuits are baking, prepare strawberries, mixing with 1 T. sugar.
4 oz. Raspberry extract (added at kegging)
OK, just in case any one thought the last video was serious, it wasn't. Made especially for 1st April, it was.
Or: Wes Craven's Snoozeround. Both Craven and John Carpenter – two bearded titans of the most fondly recalled horror of the past three decades – made returns, of a certain type, to horror-genre filmmaking this year. Carpenter let us onto The Ward; Craven added Scream 4 to complete(?) his success-decreasing series. He supplemented it with My Soul to Take; and I wish he hadn’t. After the opening titles and a bare introduction to what's likely going to happen over the next 90 minutes, it peters out into A Nightmare on Elm Street the junior edition. Something I never thought anyone wanted, needed or even actually ever contemplated. Soul was a sure sign that Craven is, yikes, way beyond his 'best before' date.
1 x (386)CHEEZEL BBQ CHEESE = 1.90
By the time you'll be reading this, it'll have been 2 weeks since I went into the hospital. And I wish I could say I'm better now...but I'd be lying.
When you are away, at a conference or trip, who watches the kids?
The village soviet fellow had to justify himself before the regional man and quickly said: “I always keep an eye on things, you know. Nikolai, I say, are you bringing in the bread? I am, he says.”
This took most of the week but once it was done there was celebrations all around. The siding on this gable still needs a coat of paint but that’s a job to come in the next few weeks.
But lately my rainmaking abilities have fallen into question, because we've had a two or three week drought going on at Chateau Squatlo, and our little garden has gotten parched. Yesterday afternoon I announced that I would break down and purchase a garden sprinkler, since it didn't look like rain was in our future.
Steinberg, J. (1990) All or nothing: The Axis and the holocaust London: Routledge.
Chapter 5, Culinary Itineraries, is a short section, beginning with some suggested one and two day culinary itineraries for Tokyo. There is then a list of some unique Japanese ingredients and tools that you might want to purchase so that you can prepare Japanese cuisine at home. In addition, there is some information on the Kyoto's Nishiki Market. This is the weakest of the five chapters, due to its lack of depth, and would have been better with additional information and suggestions.
It was good to meet up with our relatives, though we don't see each other very often, it's like coming home, we're never strangers when we meet. I learned a few stories, told a few, ate well, and then, of course, had to leave. Getting home was not easy. The storm had left an estimated 10,000 homes in south wales without electricity, my route home had to be changed because of fallen trees, power lines, accidents, flooding, flood debris... It took six and a half hours, and at one point my engine coughed because it was swallowing water... Not good with a high-compression diesel, an inch deeper and it might have meant a wrecked engine. Luckily, when the cough occurred we were climbing out of the deepest bit.
Recently I bought a new baby swimsuit pattern, Kwik Sew 3606, which unfortunately is out of print. I don't know if they have plans to republish it under a new look or what now that McCall's has bought out Kwik Sew, but this is probably why I was able to buy it from the half price bin at my fabric store. As far as I can tell, there are no other baby (under 1T sized) swimsuit patterns available thru Kwik Sew. That is a bummer.
In what had politically evolved into a transportation reform strategy, the opposition alliance, having been fortuitously positioned on the condemnation issue years before, was equally adventitious in implementing a bit of the strategic thinking of Karl Rove. As George W. Bush’s political strategist, Rove enjoyed considerable electioneering success by hitting his candidate’s opponents in what appeared to be their strong points. For example, he caused the Vietnam “war hero” status of Senator John Kerry to be savaged by the “Swift Boat” campaign. Private property rights had been a barrier against conservation legislation and regulation; but its evolution into a tool for promoting just that regulation was underway.
So here we are-- how about a quick "up to speed"
sentiment stamp. I have used a gorgeous Nellie Snellen stamp which was coloured with promarkers, the matting was done using spellbinders nestabilities and the corners were cut with a Marianne die all from The Craft Den. A few gems, some teal ribbon and a bit of glitter to finish off.
Here are his thoughts on the first tryout experience:
'Uh, I don't know'
9/26/2008 - Knoxville, TN - Tennessee Theater
The experience could be the beginning of something big.
When I was little, we played at Grandma's house-the old farm was next door, and it had tons of amusements for little children. My mother was grateful for the half-hour she allowed us to stay. Grandma wished we would stay longer, and often made arrangements. One of my favorite things to do was play with the barn-kittens, when they would allow it, though, they were usually pretty wild.
Jae Hyuk is having a meeting with Designer Kim when Jung Ah shows up with her mother. Elsewhere at a meeting, Anna arrives and is not happy to see Ga Young. Of course, she’s even unhappier to see Madam Jo and Jung Ah and Ga Young is also unhappy at seeing them. Madam Jo and Anna trade barbs. She tells Anna she lost a lot of time and money because of Anna but Anna tells her all she did was give her information. Madam Jo tells her she’s out of her ‘good books’.
But now it’s just everywhere. And not just because I’m more attuned to it as an adult. From earthy everyman, Ray Winstone at half-time to the shirts of a bunch of teams across Europe . Take Real Madrid, one of the three biggest football brands in the world. At first it was just a handful of mid-table sides and relegation candidates, but now the elite are emblazoned with bookmakers’ logos.
No one knows what it is like to live in the moment until they live in a moment frozen in time. Lovers know this, and so do people who have almost died. The frozen moment is a reminder for everyone to slow down. A man is dry brush waiting for Life’s fire to catch, but the flames will never catch when he’s moving too quickly.
David Jenkins – Vocals, Guitar
I know this might be all over the place a little but the general point is this. Its been a year since we have joined the pages and we still believe in Kevin and that he is really the right man for the job. We the people trust him and want him back where he belongs and we are refusing to give up until he’s there. I am originally from the USA and never really had an interest in politics and all until now. Here the sitting members are so much more accessible than back in the states.
If your child has HF & M then keep them home from Kindy or pre-school to break the cycle of transmission.
“Let’s see how fast you kids can wash the car. Get it done in under 15 minutes and there’s a small DQ cone in it for you.”
Olive Oil Test Results: There was not much difference between the sealed and unsealed sides. If anything, the stain may have been a bit darker after 30 minutes on the sealed side, but that could have just been the colour variation in the granite.
To understand this better, Imagine now you are the captain of a large ship and you want to change direction. You turn the wheel hard over as far as it will go, yet nothing appears to happen… What do you do? Give up? No, instinctively you know that to change the direction of something so big is going to take a little time. You simply have to keep doing what you’re doing and be patient, eventually the ship will turn and you’ll be on a new course to a different destination.
The Shen Neng 1 ran aground about 70km east of Great Keppel Island just after 5pm on Saturday with approximately 975 tonnes of heavy fuel oil onboard.
Boil and drain the pasta.
In 1990, Thurman co-starred with Fred Ward in the sexually provocative drama Henry & June, the first film to receive an NC-17 rating. Because of the rating, it never played in a wide release but critics embraced her.
5. I’m Your Man
It is located at 15700 36th Ave N, Plymouth, MN.
Well, for one, I have never really thought of myself as better than
please hold your applause until I have finished."
‘He couldn’t remember what happened,’ Christl said. ‘He thought he was in a car accident.’
Many blessings to you my friends!!
I usually love Phillipa's writing (it isn't factual, it's got loose facts but mostly all scandal and intrigue.) but this one was too hard to follow and a little on the boring side. Which is ODD since this was a re-write of the war of the roses (Lancsters vs Yorks) AND I really loved The White Queen, which is the sister book. I think because The White Queen was sorta witchy and The Red Queen was more religious that I found the other side more interesting. However, I think it's important to read both because they really fo answer to each other’s stories and it's always fun to hear both sides. One thing I did like was Margaret’s perseverance and her stubbornness. I love a woman who is mischievously resourceful.
It was one of those wonderfully superior moments, when you know that despite having started off completely in the wrong, by a trick of fate, all of a sudden you are completely in the right. In those rare moments in life you do of course rise to the occasion and take on a serene and calm approach to the problem.
In some sense, the whole business feels of a piece with voting. More ignorance, more obligation to appreciate the process and participate in order to be a responsible citizen. I spent part of yesterday doing research, trying to dig up dirt on candidates and understand the propositions on California's ballot. It was unpleasant. I feel okay about some decisions, less so about others. Was I responsible and a good citizen? I don't know.
2. I wanted to put patches on the shirt, but I kept thinking that I liked it plain. It's vintage. So I left it.
Me: I figured.
1) the pain I was in for most of the time I was there
Davis
(This is why I said make sure you buy at least three spoons so you can practice)
Last year a number of polymer artists took a year long Ring-A-Day challenge, and the results totally gobsmacked me... And, it got my old Muse hootin' and hollerin' to get going on my own designs. My Muse can be a major task master *coughpainintheasrsecough*, so I complied and actually kind of like some of the results.
"What is it?" Asks Fitton,"I'm not sure but it's not the sort of thing you find lying around an engineering office. I'm guessing Cantharidin, anthrax, some sort of fast acting poison?"
2. The summer weather, no matter how hot, entices me to stay forever, but I always know what comes around in late October.
Maybe it comes down to those moments
The area was quite large and the boys and girls on board of the bus didn't have nearly enough time to see all. Only a few managed to find a way down to the beach again and if they would have had another hour or two they wouldn't have minded one bit! Which definitely made a difference to the museums we saw: ten to thirty minutes. Tops!
Disliked discussion topics (3-): crime, health, sports, paranormal, school
The debut album from Lucifer’s Friend was first unleashed in 1970 and the opening song “Ride The Sky” is something everyone needs to hear. Released the same year as Led Zeppelin III, the song was accused of ripping off “Immigrant Song” but it turns out “Ride The Sky” came first. Take a listen for yourself and see if the opening fanfare played on French horn sounds similar to Robert Plant’s wailing vocals. Zep has been known to pinch some riffs here and there, but this might just be a weird co-incidence. But you never know. It wouldn’t surprise me if Jimmy Page was intrigued by a band named Lucifer’s Friend given his interest in the occult.
What affects “them”, affects “us”….
One book covers the use of spices and herbs and the other gives a historical background on the evolution of Indian food over the centuries.
It's from the book
The Times reports: "those who donated the most to Mr. Obama and the Democratic Party since he started running for president were far more likely to visit the White House than others. Among donors who gave $30,000 or less, about 20 percent visited the White House, according to a New York Times analysis that matched names in the visitor logs with donor records. But among those who donated $100,000 or more, the figure rises to about 75 percent. Approximately two-thirds of the president’s top fund-raisers in the 2008 campaign visited the White House at least once, some of them numerous times."
Lots Luurve !
‘No, hang on, Jemma!’ Aimee ran after her friend, who was heading at an almost indecent haste towards the large bar in the centre of the Departure Lounge, which was a feat in itself in the heels she was wearing. But that was one thing about Jemma – it didn’t matter what the occasion, there was no way she was going anywhere without her heels. ‘We haven’t got time
We have some big news for you – we are retiring Salvage Studio. We have both decided to focus on new directions, are still good friends, and don’t want to lose track of you. We had the time of our lives doing Salvage Studio together, and are so grateful for all the friendships we made with our customers. We hope to stay in contact with each of you through our new endeavors.
MOGADISHU — Gun-toting Al-Shabab insurgents staged rallies across Somalia Monday to celebrate their group’s recognition by Osama bin Laden’s successor as a member of the Islamist Al-Qaeda network.
Overall, the book is a good mix of the old snarky Bourdain and the newer, more reflective writer. It's an easy read and one that's worthwhile.
Which brings me to the end of today’s musings which whilst slightly different and less vampyric than usual hopefully made you smile, or roll your eyes, or just not read. In the words of Cristian Slater … So Be It!!!
They woke up early and prepared everything, before waking me up!
The phrase of "actions for my personal growth" was hit me, it popped up in a book. The things which are not called to be good or bad, but things for my personal growth, it is more personal. There is a different quality between 'doing sport is a good thing' or 'doing sport for my personal growth'.
9:00 a.m. – 11:30 a.m. (Registration)
What kind of music moves you? Does a sad song make you better? Do you still hoard all that vinyl, inside dusty boxes in your basement?
Sei loh, it's like we are working in one of those steel buildings garages because my office room air-con suddenly decided not to be working well! Under this weather? OMG....
But the man who can sing when he hasn't got a thing
Challenge 8: April 8
I want to make sure that when the children in my class have moments of delight like this, I take the time to stop rushing, to be present so we can celebrate them together.
‘While most of Edwin’s entries are entertaining and scholarly – he writes like a Scottish Bill Bryson – it is when he takes an interest in the backwaters of history, the details lost down the back of the sofa, that he is at his best’ – Jack McKeown, The Courier, 27 October 2008
Eating: Ezekial tortilla pizzas. They're so simple to make and really, really good. All you do is take a tortilla, top it with tomato sauce, cheese and veggies of you choice, and bake it in the oven until the cheese is melted and the tortilla is crispy. It's a super healthy meal, especially if you pile on the veggies. Let me know if you try it!
She continued, “The rumors are nothing. The differences are incomprehensible. Our lives are so repressed, so far beneath their standard of life. I must admit that Gisi’s and Rudi’s urging us to remain in West Germany was tempting.”
If you belong to list-servs or participate in chat rooms or any other online communications you are aware of the benefits. I am on an list-serv from the Getty Foundation called Teacher ArtExchange. In the many years I have belonged I have only posted a couple of times but I am always reading what others post and learn a great deal.
Anyway, Candyman was an artist, and he was often hired to do portraits by the local, wealthy families. One such painting was going to be of a landowner's beautiful, young daughter, but she and Candyman had a secret affair. When her father found o8ut about the affair(she got pregnant), he paid some thugs to saw off the young man's right hand, then smear him with honey, so that an angry hive of bees could sting him to death.
Chicken 750 gms
Drought and dust storms led to soaring temperatures and some of the country’s largest rivers running dry.
Passages
I followed my gameplan to the T. I enjoyed my Irish Car Bombs and scarfed down tons of Shepard's Pie. I embraced my uneventful St. Patrick's day without having to deal with drunken masses. I did however expect some entertainment on the social networking front. What could be better than other people's drunken Facebook posts? Well I was let down completely on that front. I decided to start taking notes on my own drunken thoughts throughout the night to entertain myself.
Potato or pillowcase races
The cycle infrastructure in the western suburbs forms a grid. Some paths run through parks, others along main streets (like this one). The type of infrastructure shown is typical for the area – and for similar post-war suburbs, in other large cities of the Netherlands.
So if I was able to get an allocation of foreign exchange from the Reserve
Even parts such as the speedocable and sprockets have all been modified to suit the Monkey.
Authors are not athletes, looking to stomp the opposition. We try and write the best book we can, for our own reasons. It's wonderful to win, it's less wonderful to come close. It's demoralising and disappointing to feel over-looked. But to think you're on a shortlist and then get taken off? To hear that your book has been mixed up with another one? That's an insult.
post and I finished "A Discovery of Witches" as well.
Also, please note that Federal Hill is a NIGHTMARE to park in on Sunday afternoons, as parking restrictions start on the streets at 2 PM and last until Monday morning. READ PARKING SIGNS CLOSELY or park in the West Street Garage, or take the Circulator/taxi/MTA bus/designated driver option. Or walk or bicycle, whatever.
My life’s philosophy? Read what makes you happy. Reading to impress others isn’t going to make your life any longer or more fulfilled. Life is short; why waste it on Ulysses if you’re not going to get anything out of it anyway?
And Jesus Christ how many times can I say Bolo in the next couple weeks much less this one blog post?
Many-cache organizes the small, distributed memories on an FPGA into application-specific caches, each targeting a particular data structure or region of memory in an application and each customized for the particular memory operations that access it.
Quite a tricky thing to write let alone read with a mirror must of been hard for Steve to do..But a great quirky strip see two more..
This is a UFO that's been around for a couple years. I was recently challenged to "get 'er done". The challenger is holding hostage some recently purchased fabric. That was pretty good motivation for me to finish piecing the top. Now it's sat for over a month and I am FINALLY getting around to getting it quilted...........See, I really DO quilt, sometimes.
It's been nice to be back in the "big city" and to do "big city" things. Shopping, eating out at restaurants we don't have back home, movies ... it will be hard but also nice to get back to our more simple life in the North in a few weeks.
Developed by Nerd Communications, Ben the Bodyguard is an upcoming way to keep the things you keep on your iPhone protected. And their marketing efforts are amazing.
So, when I was offered the chance to meet some talented bloggers at an evening promising ‘fine wine, cheese and a spot of pampering’, I lunged at the chance like a desperate single at an airborne wedding bouquet.
Above the lockers we have cabinets for whatever we need to stash. It usually (well, occasionally) holds my purse. Right now it has an outfit Noah has outgrown that I need to pass down to another Noah in our church.
An Exclusive Love by Johanna Adorian (Random House Canada)
02.Litess (Original Mix) 08:47
These women are used to tourists. When I held my camera toward them, they stopped and posed for me. I had a little mixed feeling about it but they didn't seem to mind to be exposed on everyone's camera.
OK so this is a typical dubble, lots of spice and medium body. Good nose, little head and fair lacing. But it has a dry cardboardish finish that is really off putting. It could be that this just isn't a fresh bottle, or was stored improperly. Either way it doesn't seem right... its not like it is bad, but it just doesn't seem right.
I've made this card for my sister's birthday. She likes clean, stylish but simple lines. Apologies for the shadow in the photo. You can click to enlarge it, to get a better idea if you like.
Laughing Buddha, founded less than two years ago, has already garnered a lot of press for their fusion brews--and rightly so. We don't actually need another brewery making a flight of pale ales and IPAs. Valvo and Castillo have taken a chance on a new idea, and the early results are intriguing. I tried the Purple Yam Porter, Mango Weizen, and Pandan Brown, and indeed, they represent something original in brewing. Let's start out with a basic description.
Refreshments will be provided.
Libraries play an important role in providing internet access and advice to children, their parents, and other library users. To help library staff in this role, the Australian Communications and Media Authority (ACMA) has developed a range of resources about how to manage risks so that library users have safe and positive experiences online.
But still I feel
We're probably going to write some new songs, and hopefully do an album or a lengthy EP at some point. We're submitting two tracks for this Samiam tribute series thing too, but other than that, we're just going to be playing the odd show here and there, nothing big though! We don't really plan things in advance.
Thanks for joining us for our I Love Sketches by Tsunami Rose DT Blog Hop! If you don't know yet, as part of the ILS DT we create a card each day following Tsunami Rose's sketches that she posts on her blog each and every day.
What is Blogger Central?
~They'll give you a quote if you send them your address.
Penciller: Greg Capullo
1/4 tsp turmeric powder
to blend in.
Pink colouring with Dragon Fruit Paste
“Fitness has become such large part of our lives. There are gyms at every nook and corner. There are such wonderful trainers. You need to get the right assistant and follow what is right for you. Don’t try to become like me or Deepika (Padukone) or Priyanka (Chopra),” she told.
“They don’t deserve to see
How about JB? Hmmm.. has he forgotten? I think he’s trying to move on, bit by bit. The Rubik’s cube is like his stress reliever. And that thing equals to Hae Sung. I think JB is inspired by Hae Sung because she’s trying to become better. He is even there helping her get up. So both of them have a positive pull. While Ri-An just pulls JB down somehow. Their scenes seem heavy most of the time, and the past is always the highlight. How can one move on if there’s constant reminder? Ri-An better move on as well. Maybe then will JB find his way back to her or completely cross another one.
Grand Teton Brewing Co Victor, ID Bitch Creek ESB ESB
Franco, who ruled Spain as a fascist dictator for nearly forty years, from 1936 until his death in 1975, claimed the attack on Guernica never took place. They tried to blame the Basques, but the truth is Germany deliberately bombed the town to destroy it and observe in a clinical way the effects of such a devastating attack, practicing a new form of warfare, where only civilians were the targets.In October 1937, a Nationalist officer told a Sunday Times correspondent: 'We bombed it, and bombed it, and bombed it and Beuno why not.'This atrocity horrified the world and helped shift public opinion towards the Spanish Republican Cause, but shamefully the British Government stuck steadfastardly to its non intervevention line. The fascists hated liberalism and humanity, their ideology was one of evil destruction, 'Long Live Death' they cried. Guernica represented their creed, with one of the Fascist Generals declaring " Like a resolute surgeon, free from false sentimentality, it will cut the diseased flesh from the healthy body and fling it to the dogs. And since the healthy flesh is the soil, the diseased flesh, the people who dwell on it, fascism and the army will eradicate the people and restore the soil to the sacred national realm... Every socialist, Republican, every one of them, without exception, and needless to say, every Communist, will be eradicated, without exception.' An ideology of unfettered hate, and evil..... it's ideology still trying to tear the world apart, as we can see with what has happened in Norway, or on the streets of Britain where it's forces seek to gather, fostering hatred and division.
After that, it was getting late, so I headed up to bed and she returned to "Haunted America." I just opened it at a random page to find out what sort of thing she might have read about. The story I landed on was about William Harrison and Tecumseh and touched on "Tippecanoe and Tyler Too." Imagine that.
Not ready to buy one of my stories yet? That’s fine by me. How about a coupon code from Smashwords for a free copy of one. Any of my titles! You pick! How’s that for a treat? At the end of the Coffin Hop, I will randomly choose FIVE lucky people to win!! Good luck.
-my daughter won the division soccer tournament, got braces and grew 2 inches.
Seriously, sometimes it feels like teenagers (well, boys at least, I haven't had a girl teen yet) go to sleep as boys one day, and wake up about 2 years later all hairy and with deep voices. (And sometimes the hair is a bit on the wild side!!)
Producer Christine Alderson (Valhalla Rising)
Meanwhile, some girlfriends of mine and I are going to see Tom Green tonight. My memories of him include his bout with testicular cancer, being married to Drew Barrymore, and his MTV show from the 90's that made my inner 15-year-old boy laugh so hard root beer simultaneously foamed and squirted out of my nose.
My hubby went scuba diving every morning---so we were up early. I went snorkeling several times and that was fun. We also went on a nighttime catamaran sailing---was a perfect night with millions of stars!
Ravenell said, “In an abundance of caution, we worked with district officials to close school today to collect evidence and repair damages in advance of class resuming tomorrow. Anyone with information on the incident should contact the Sheriff’s Office at 803-534-3550.”
Professor : Yet you still Believe in Him?
Clicking on the image below will take you to the youtube page.
We had a candy bar where people could come to the table and fill a box with their choice of candy to take home.
Books like this are saviors for readers like Wesley. It's a book that he can read and read again. So the next time he's "out of books," he can return to the Worst-Case Scenario books until he finds his next read. Wesley has me thinking about more books for kids like him. Kids who love to read, but feel like they are "out of books."
My wife, bagging a Sweet Chocolate pepper flower with a muslin sack to avoid cross pollination as we grow all of our varieties so close to each other.
brace to make a 'Z'. (Never mind that my 'Z' is backwards!)
The lethal injection of Beunka Adams, 29, was carried out less than three hours after the U.S. Supreme Court rejected a last-day appeal to postpone the punishment, the fifth this year in Texas.
In order to come up with the Core Values in each area, reach into your heart. Imagine 40 years from now. What do you want people saying about how you spent your life? What traits do you admire in others? Some examples might be that you Value philanthropy, intelligence, generosity, nutrition and finding balance, accumulating wealth, constantly reinventing yourself, etc. (For another example see my post 8 Rules That I Live By)
All words and music by Chris Braun.
How can I bring glory to God? How may God be glorified?
and most important of all
he smiles. a lot.
What else are you working on? Secrets? Inside scoops? Give us the juicy stuff! Juicy? Can I offer you a soft orange? I’m working on the third book, tentatively titled CassaStorm.
When Steve Jobs succumbed to cancer last fall, for instance, I shed many a tear. I’d cut my teeth in technology developing programs in BASIC as an 8-year old on the Apple IIe. Gargantuan and cumbersome in comparison to its successor diminutive Mac Mini and MacBook incarnations, the Apple II product line was revolutionary for its time. Jobs (and Steve Wozniak) moved computers from the realm of government and multi-billion dollar corporations, into the schools and homes of the masses.
While teaching math to students, I have hypothesized why this occurs and it doesn't have anything to do with intelligence.
Believe me, if I caught even a glace of a boob once in a while (or a lesbian make out scene, or random skinny dipping, or impromptu orgy) I wouldn't be on the internet even half as much. But the girls decided that I was posting about my asian roommate too much and not fawning over them.
We are so excited to share all the giveaways!!!
Welcome to Buried Treasure: an online, collaborative project that invites art bloggers to go into the depths of their blogs and dig for buried treasure. Each participant was asked to repost one (or more) or their favorite posts from their own blog. There are so many brilliant artists out there but so little time to explore all their work fully. This gives us all an opportunity to see highlights from posts we may have missed from so many of our favorite bloggers!
6. Have your students draw out ideas for their machines. Or not. Follow your kids’ leads. If they’re list-makers, let them make lists. If they feel the need instead to just get started, then let them. Again, this is all about process.
He never played. With just the hint of a smile Meg looked in her mother’s face, “Michael?”
Therefore there simply is not enough independent evidence to conclude that Jesus existed and performed the miracles attributed to him in the Bible.
Hot on the heels of this news is Legend Press’ New Generation Publishing will offer an unpublished author a traditional contract to the bestselling title from their next 300 submissions. The NGP title that sells the most copies by June 2010 will be offered a traditional contract with Legend's imprint Paperbooks.
He added: "If that wasn’t enough, once in the cell at the police station, a Muslim policeman came to him and asked him if he is Muslim and if he is gay, to which he replied yes. He was beaten up some more."
But now that you're getting married and starting the next chapter in your life, wouldn't it be nice to finally get some advice you may be able to use?
A Time to take a moment away from the candy, the bunnies and the food;
A few weeks ago I wrote about the specialty bottlings from the Party Source liquor store in Kentucky which are now available through on-line shipping (to certain states). I'll be sampling a variety of these over the coming weeks, and the first to go is the Buffalo Trace Experimental Collection Rye 'n Barrel.
Vulnerability and weakness define real intimacy in a relationship.Without these two,
Only an organisation obsessed with the creed of diversity and lacking in moral integrity would have allowed a swaggering, criminal bully like Dizaei to rise up its hierarchy and gain a senior position.
Or the drunk Judge Nkola Motata who keeps crashing his expensive cars.
To all my new Jedi Followers: Thanks so much for following! I'll get to following back as soon as I can :)
No cracks of light
Now, of course, Rousseau is a misogynist. Indeed, the words ‘woman’ or ‘women’ appear only three times in the whole book – once in the phrase “excluding foreigners, women, children, or slaves”, and the other two times in commenting on relative fecundity in different climates.
Sé gathered up the pictures and studied her. “What did the symbols mean?”
I know I’ve mentioned that Ryan is eerily smart. Currently, I’m working with him on signing. He’s about the same age Isabel was when it all started clicking for her. And its clicking for him too. Except I think he thinks its a big fat waste of time and Mom is a little bit slow for trying to communicate that way. For example, if he runs out of strawberries and I ask him if he wants more (while making the sign for more) he looks at me like…”ummmm, yes, you got it Mom, I want more. Why do you keep doing all that crap with your hands over and over again and asking me again if I want more?” Then he says “mo mo”. So….I don’t think we’ll get much signing out of him.
I sprayed the background, added some water with a tiny bit of Perfect Pearls, and sprayed through some sequin waste, then flipped that over and pressed down on the other side (hence the inky fingers!). The bees and letters are stamped in archival with a white pen highlighting.
Over the years, I have grown increasingly uncomfortable with the notion of religion. Mostly when it encroaches into my thought space in the form of the question, what religion are you?
Seriously, I’ve been having this blog for maybe two months, so I’m kinda still new to here, but still kinda not getting if this thing even have any algorithm or logic to it. You write for an hour getting deep into your thoughts and emotions, getting serious and concentrated, trying to really create something useful and interesting, something responsive that will be true to yourself and important for others, you feel like open up, talking deep out of your soul. You wrote it, you feel really good about it, oh no, even more, you’re proud of it! And so you post it. Aaaaaand….. nothing happens! It gets 10 views for the whole day, a couple of likes and a big ‘meh’ from deep out of your soul. You almost hear those quirky sarcastic laughs inside of your head.
Originally by: Trey Songz & Ne-Yo
Scarbs
Selebi should be prosecuted ¬ ICD
We did alot of staring into the water this day. I had seen a school of dolphins the day before and pretty sure I saw a sea turtle. Justin was feeling left out so he started staring off with me. We saw a huge sting ray out in the middle of the ocean. Had to have been 10 feet across easily.
Plato agreed more had to be done and invited businessmen to establish a Plettenberg Bay central city improvement district similar to those set up in Cape Town, which had curtailed crime levels by up to 90%.
There were of course some who would slip up now and again, but there were so many smart people involved that these slip ups would always be caught. The checks and balances were always there.
Christian, the world is watching.
Where the body lay on the table was outlined a broken crust of matter, and the white glow emanating from the crystal bathed the corpse floating above it in light. Bones were knitting back together. Clumping sand formed musculature as she watched. Swirling dust began to solidify into a golden skirt about the waist of the emaciated corpse.
I simply cannot READ the word with the "blob" behind it.
A Stunning statement from Professor Alan Dershowitz…
To support security with collections, I do agree with many aspects of ACLR’s security and precedures, although I’m not too familiar with hidden markings. I feel rather uncomfortable marking originals unless there is some sort of identification marking for a negative surrogate. I will say, my department does initial interviews, registration, and screening outside the reading room. We also do not allow notebooks, big bulky coats, cameras, or other loose papers generally into the reading room with materials. We have asked patrons to review their notes and boxes they have used after they are finished in the reading room before. Most people are ok with that and so far, as far as we know, no reports of theft.
Or, you may prefer to layer all ingredients in a parfait glass for an eye and kid pleasing treat.
On Monday, I was looking after Wee L for an hour. Miss C and Wee L are the same age and played quite nicely together. I had them making me toast and cups of tea (pretend ones of course!) which they loved. I wonder if they'll be as obliging when they are older?
APU offers quality and credibility: APU is a member institution of regionally- and nationally-accredited American Public University System (APUS), recognized as a leading education provider by numerous military, federal, private and public sector employers. Also, leading practitioners in a wide range of fields teach APU/AMU classes.
“Yes”
Having said all that, I thought this would be a fun card to send to a friend, especially in the spring or summer. So I may be sending this to a friend sometime soon
When the passion has waned, and the joy turns to pain, when the stress overbears and does anyone care?
I won’t copy and paste the whole altercation here, there’s no point. It ended with me apologizing and her asking me not to swear on her blog.
I Peter 5:8-10 (NLT)
wish me luck b~ i’ll be back soon.
My final purchase is what I may well wear to my sister's wedding in December and is not of the 'vintage' variety. As well as more vintage than you can believe there are lots of little designer boutiques and young designer pop-ups and so on in the area. This one is from The Laden Showroom where there are lots of little niches and each niche is a different designer. It's well priced too - plus there is a sale on!
- Heard Uncle was in town from Jeddah. So Honey and I went to meet him at his home. Fortunately everyone was there including uncle. He ordered home pizza with choco lava cake. Again yum!
“What,” asked Blaine.
Bright colors used to adorn my cabinet: scarlet red, chartreuse, magenta, lime, and vermillion. I remember when the 80s made a comeback and people in Manila started wearing these hues, and the world seemed like a rainbow. My friends and I would wear layers of shirts and polos, bright colored Chucks and bandanas and it was one big delightful explosion of colors.
I get books for him to read, make soups, stock up on juices and kleenex.
2010.08.26 Thailand Yala 1 0 Muslim terrorists gun down a Buddhist railway worker.
Ecclesiastes 2:4-11 lays out Solomon’s great work and the results.
I don't want to put all my eggs in one basket and take the chance of missing out on another child who may become just as adoptable and complete our lives as R and Q. We may end up meeting with R and Q and realizing that we just aren't suitable matches. There are so many variables that it's difficult to make the decision.
Quin - serve us delightful food
Maybe it’s the scent of salt and seaweed that makes us contemplate our lives when we’re near the ocean, or maybe it’s the rhythm of the tides blending with the beating of our hearts.
Here is an example of an unedited photo.....
The practical application requirement ensures that something which is a mere idea or discovery is not patented – it must be concrete and tangible. This requires some sort of manifestation or effect or change of character. However, it is important to remain focused on the requirement for practical application rather than merely the physicality of the invention. The language in Lawson must not be interpreted to restrict the patentability of practical applications which might, in light of today’s technology, consist of a slightly less conventional “change in character” or effect that through a machine such as a computer. Also there was this also-interesting interpretation of Bilski:
The book says to heat the sugar until it reaches 300 degrees then plunge it in a ice water bath until it cools down to 250. Set a wooden spoon over the kitchen counter with the handle part suspended. Then drizzle the sugar over the spoon so that the handle catches the caramel strands. The method doesn't work because the spoon doesn't catch any of the threads and dollops of caramel just fall onto the newspaper I laid below. Putting the hot caramel in a ice bath doesn't work either because the outside hardens immediately and the center is still piping hot.
It helps buy their silence & their loyalty
Airplane: Boeing 747
155The darksome pines that o'er yon rocks reclin'd
2012 HOMICIDES IN SANTA CRUZ COUNTY
I mean who could blame them? We wanted to leave the building too. Must admit though it was a very worrying time and a total relief when we caught up with them at the services just outside Newcastle. Phew, panic over.
We were cemented in our war with the red-fleshed salmon like our ancestors had been in their war with the red-coated English.
The rest of the box was packed full of ripped-out magazine pages. I didn’t get it at first, but I thought it was kind of mysterious and half-expected them to be clues to a puzzle or riddle that lay at the bottom of the box. I took the first ten out one-by-one and laid them carefully on my desk. After a bit I finally realized that they were just the stuffing. The fanciest stuffing I’ve ever seen!
Fans who won’t get to see the band live this Summer haven’t been forgotten, either. The band has also announced that it will be releasing one of its many archived live shows this month. Its “Live From American University” concert from December 30, 1970 will be released next Tuesday on Peach Records/Entertainment One Music.
The characteristic shockwave aggression of his previous outings is still channeled for maximum impact, but the gun-to-temple blasts of tracks like "Gotta Get Out" and "Vertigo" deliver their powder-keg payloads with a newly discovered blood rush of excitement. Futurist is the most brutally uplifting Empire has ever sounded.
So. How much did it cost you to fill up?
The castle started spinning
“It was a bit rough for the first month after the surgery,” Olivia told us, ”but I never experienced any pain.” Her system merely had to regain its balance, she added.
The sun shines brightly it seems even when it’s raining everywhere else in Queensland and I scored perfect weather for the entire week. For those who love photography, wildlife or just lazing about on the beach and relaxing, Lady Elliot is your ultimate getaway paradise.
A new computer desk is on order and, I hope, on its way to me as I type. So I have no photos - as yet - of the new computer desk.
So for several Wednesday evenings now, at least, that hand of Mr Plummer's... lessons in concentration. He does not necessarily make her sing whilst he is doing it, though. He mostly does it while he is talking. So really that business about learning to concentrate on her singing... No, Delia knows really that Mr Plummer simply likes doing it. As Mr Merrydrew would like doing it if he got half a chance. This totally abhorrent thing. It makes her perspire to think about it. When she is at home with Raymond for instance. Delia can scarcely believe she can do this: stand here and let Mr Plummer do it. But she can, she does. And this is not all. Oh no. There is the rest of it.
Back to explosives. Their eyes light up like from nothing else. It’s weird. (Non)Jokes about lost fingers and eyebrows aside, fireworks are serious here. They turn up in high culture. At a 700-year-old mansion of the ‘chieftain’ (their word) of the Naxi people down here in Yunan (we’re visiting southwestern China, beside Burma — town of Lijian), the leader’s palace had wooden carved windows. Along with birds, dragons, flowers, there were decorative images of fireworks.
Eric and I woke up this morning with 5 inches of snow, EVERYWHERE! Neither of us were thrilled, to say the least. We both used to live in Missouri, so we're quite accostumed to the snow, but that doesn't mean we like it! After shoveling snow off the truck, we trudged our way to Ihop. That place was an absolute mad-house. Not only were there tens of thousands of people there, but apparently they were short-staffed. According to our waiter, everyone had called off work because of the terrifying white powder stuff on the road. Come one people, it's snow! It's not that scary!
We came for a visit here in June 1999, right after 16 year old Karman Willis was killed on his property. Everyone thought that Mr. Ludwig was a nutcase at that time. They blamed him for her death. As people who were visiting from somewhere else, we didn’t fully understand all the dynamics of this situation. I wondered why young teens would be driving around his property in the middle of the night? Why would they be there when things were so tense between the Ludwigs and the rest of the community? Why would they be driving on anyone’s property at that hour?? I’ve since come to learn that it is broad daylight at 4:00 in the morning at that time of year, in this part of the country. So, it wasn’t dark. Never-the-less, it is still not a time when people visit each other. I am not blaming Karman for her death though. The situation was complicated.
This Kat believes it would be better for all concerned, however, for there to be a transcript or even a plain audio recording of the proceedings. The EPO does not offer this service, and woe betide the representative who brings in and activates a recording device (such as the now ubiquitous smartphone). While the EPC and its Rules are neutral about the question of recording oral proceedings, and it's not clear what penalty could be meted out to someone who did record the goings-on at oral proceedings, the EPO issued the following notice way back in 1986:
***Please excuse the horrible quality photos, they are taken with a phone,
Domtom Publishing is a recent newcomer to the author solutions scene. They are based in West Sussex in the UK. They describe themselves as ‘…literally a breath of fresh air to book writers’ and were founded by people from the ‘print industry’ with over 30 years combined experience.
You can learn more about the sessions or register at:
There’s a ton of info that’s good to know. And the fact that these guys are trained and experts and it’s their job to be up to date on all the goings on in the legal side of special needs info…. priceless.
Picture above "See Something or Say Something: New York" Caption reads: "Red dots are locations of Flickr pictures. Blue dots are locations of Twitter tweets. White dots are locations that have been posted to both." Image courtesy Eric Fischer, who pretty much has the coolest Flickr stream ever.
Dr. A came in and said how relieved she and Jan were when they got the ultrasound report and it was completely normal. She said they don't normally call with the results when they are normal, but I was one patient that they just had to call.
Jackson's always grounded from something. Usually it's his mouth that gets him trouble.
“I’m Nikolas, but my friends all call me Nikki.”
“Oh, stop fighting it, brother! Don’t you get it? You’re in love! And didn’t it ever cross your mind that maybe all the years that you and this girl were apart just caused you to unknowingly long for her more? So when you saw her again, everything that was starting to click inside of you exploded like a volcano because the other side of you clearly understood that the more you learned about what love really means, the more you realize that it’s everything you felt the very first time you were caught in her gaze.”
And out of necessity, that is the lessen I am going to attempt with my garden this year. Where for most of the last decade I have put a huge amount of effort into trying to keep the local critters out of my substantial garden, I just don’t have the time or energy for that now.
"Phillip is my first name."
this war-ship is sinking, and I still believe in anchors
For £65.00 I expected a slightly more luxurious hard wearing packaging so this product is perfect for people who keep their make-up pristine on their dressing table but probably not for those that need to transport it around in their handbag or kit.
This story is now coming out, and we have some alternative news about uprising within America by “patriots” who want mass arrests of the criminals who have betrayed the American people and stolen our wealth.
I do like the addition of Captain Stacy to the ever increasing cast taking from Spectacular Spider-Man. Good to know that series is living on in some form that even things like super-confusing rights issues can’t stop. Pretty sure a point is being made in having the VAs not even attempt at making a new voice for the series, too. I can accept things like Captain Stacy/Faraday and MJ/Black Canary just being a natural fit, but some things like Tinkerer/Klarion is just so out there that you’d think they’d have cast someone else entirely, and yet they didn’t. Double brownie points to Greg Weisman.
I am K—. Poetess, Essayist, Chronicle Blogger, Plus-size Pinup Model, Narrator, Performer, Hopeless Romantic and Magnet for Ridiculousness and Disaster. I am host to the "Shades of K--: Chronicles of Libidacoria" podcast, "Libidacoria: The Late Night Talk Show" and the "Shades of K--: Chronicles of Libidacoria Erotic Tales Collection." I'm the author of the controversial and erotic poetry collections entitled "Libidacoria: In a Plain Brown Wrapper" and "4play." And am rumored to be on Sirius XM's Playboy Radio Spice Radio Channel 103 coming soon in 2012. This rumor, I confirm.
Until 1960, the church was open for services, it continued in operation. The authorities destroyed it under the pretext that the building was too close to the Metro station, but the real reason for its destruction was their desire to eradicate an Orthodox community. Fr Vladimir related that the church was just another victim of Khrushchyov’s persecution of the Church. However, for Muscovites, it’s very important to restore it now. Aleksandr Kibovsky, the head of the Moscow Municipal Department of Cultural Heritage agreed with Fr Vladimir, saying, “Today, only a few can remember why Preobrazhensky Square in Moscow is called that… because there’s nothing of the ‘Transfiguration’ left there. At one time, it was one of the most beautiful places in Moscow”.
future — it appears to me that everyone who may be expected to benefit from the course of action petitioners seek to require public respondents to take, is vested with the necessary locus standi. The Court may be seen therefore to be recognizing a beneficiaries’ right of action in the field of environmental protection, as against both the public administrative agency directly concerned and the private persons or entities operating in the field or sector of activity involved. Whether such beneficiaries’ right of action may be found under any and all circumstances, or whether some failure to act, in the first instance, on the part of the governmental agency concerned must be shown (“prior exhaustion of administrative remedies”), is not discussed in the decision and presumably is left for future determination in an appropriate case.
In the end, though, the real reason why Hop exists is because of money. It began, as most evil things do, in the head of some marketing specialist at a major movie studio. The question was asked ‘why aren’t there any kids movies about Easter?’ and the answer was ‘because everybody else thought it was a stupid idea.’ Millions of dollars in sales, however, is never stupid, and so the producers went to their rolodex to find a bunch of people not proud enough to turn down the money they would be offered to write a ridiculous movie about an easter bunny coming to America.
Natalia’s grandfather was born in 1932 in the remote village of Galina in the mountains many miles to the NW of The City. He was still a child when a strange and unknown wild animal appeared in the hills near Galina. The etchings in the Jungle Book were used to identify the animal as a tiger, so it was called was called Shere Kahn, the name used by Kipling. Perhaps it was the very tiger escaped from the Belgrade Zoo, who’s to say.
Have fun, and I should have a back to school give away here pretty soon!
We were enjoying dessert. I began to tell her a story from my misspent youth. I looked down at my plate, marshaling my thoughts. When I looked up, judge my surprise when I saw my beloved CW sporting an orange smile.
“So what’s your favourite Malaysian dish?”
Reprinted from Pure Facts, the newsletter
OBSTACLES: Although Greene (the Twilight franchise) and Felton (Draco Malfoy in the Harry Potter franchise) have face value, none of the cast has name value as of yet.
Proposals called for six miles of platform that connected to both elevated trains stations and, presumably, the actual subway platform under construction at City Hall. Passengers got to their seats by a double layer of 'stepping platforms' which moved at different speeds -- 2 1/2, 5 and 7 miles per hour. In theory, one simply alighted from one conveyor to the next. Imagine how fun this would be with a baby carriage or an armful of packages!
Become a monthly subscriber to the monthly kit and you will automatically get the kit before it goes to "public" sale and you will save enough to get another 3 whiole kits a year!!
it has been sitting, unfinished, in my living room for a year now.
So there you go…what I’ve been up to the past couple of weeks. Can’t WAIT to decorate this for Christmas! The guys even moved the outlet (behind the candlesticks) so I can still have my twinkling lights up there.
In my own little world, population: me
Your sorrows call out, they echo throughout
And it’s all like that, just this slick as hell UI letting you do what you actually want to do: colonize, build, diplomacize, and murder. Also interesting is that the battle system seems a bit unique. Basically you make important decisions, but leave the actual to-do to mostly automated processes. On the one hand, I like telling everything what to do. On the other hand, part of the allure of being a Space Ruler is that you get to order people to do shit and make them figure it out. If the system allows for actually interesting tactical decision-making in the battles, it’ll definitely be fun. Particularly if new techs open up the field a bit more.
PRIVATE ARRANGEMENTS, a Publisher Weekly Best Book of 2008. Her sophomore book, DELICIOUS, is a Library Journal Best Romance of 2008. Her next two books, NOT QUITE A HUSBAND and HIS AT NIGHT, are back-to-back winners of Romance Writers of America's prestigious RITA® Award for Best Historical Romance in 2010 and 2011. Lisa Kleypas calls her "the most powerfully original historical romance author working today."
to Show and Tell after
Rosen's comments have sparked an uproar among Republicans, who have called on Democratic National Committee chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz to apologize on Rosen's behalf for the comments, which they're casting as an "affront to mothers everywhere."
Now that it is already March (seriously, where is 2012 going?) I’ve decided to dedicate this month to writing. Of course I’ll keep up with my challenges but I’m going to be more diligent with my time management. More working, less procrastinating. Sure, it’s easier said than done so what’s going to keep me from slacking off? How about the May 15th deadline for the Austin Film Festival’s Screenwriting Competition? I figured, in my current financial and geographical situation, the best way to get my writing out there is to enter competitions. Now, I have no expectations in terms of winning but there’s no harm in trying. I have a sitcom pilot I’m going to submit and if I can finish in time I’ll have a comedy feature film to submit also.
So now you are up to date on yet another cliffhanger from Good Burp. I'm sure there are a few more, but lets move on.
Rating:6/6
As you should be able to see,
Weight: 19lbs 2 oz
15. Not providing direct telephone/support contact.
care in deconstructing the erstwhile Little Cave by meticulously
Hosted by the inaccurately named Cedric The Entertainer this primetime game show found contestants being asked the questions ‘it’s worth what?!’ in a variety of different ways over the course of an hour. Taking place in a giant warehouse filled with all sorts of CRAZY objects and AMAZING junk It’s Worth What? was a loud, bloated final round of The Price Is Right only with more stuffed horses and forced catchphrases like the excruciating “are you sure sure?” We’re all sure sure we want you to stop now Cedric.
Couldn't resist the chance to get into the San Gabriel Mts with Dominic, Jorge, Chris and Katie as the local tour guides. Though not my first time in the range, the Gabes are impressively steep, high and rugged, especially considering their extreme proximity to L.A.
Cole was a man who raised himself up through the American system by his own talent and toil, and so he knew first-hand the meaning and promise of human potential. He clearly believed in the American system. Where New York born cartoonists like Simon and Kirby, and Will Eisner depicted slums and urban decay, Cole's cities looked like nice places to live, even if they were populated by bizarre criminals.
Start over at a new job? Doing something you just learned?
We had a bit of a speed-dating experience with the authors (58 total in attendance, I believe!), and had a few minutes to spend with each (or two at a time) to ask them questions, listen to them talk about their books, their upcoming projects, the weather, whatever, lol. It was the first year that YART has done this event, and I really hope they do it again! My only disappointment was that we didn’t have the opportunity to meet with more authors, but there wasn’t the time.
What is the future of facebook?
Nate is a young man who is at a cross roads. He knows he is dependent on his boyfriend, but he also knows he must let Adam go so that he can fulfill his dreams. Even if it means that they will be separated for months and by countless miles. It tears his young heart apart. Adam has only been in his life for a short time, but without Adam, Noah just wouldn’t be.
We can go back and prove the "Island" manipulated and altered people's perception and memory, drugged them, and brain washed them. We've seen proof of the illusion, of things being faked, contrived, use of costumes, wigs/beards, props, decoy villages, scripts, cameras, fake bird sounds, and so much more. The visitors were assigned roles, jobs and names. Their needs were met; including food drops, medical supplies and some comforts of home.
These next couple verses have been used wrongheaded by Christians too many times through history. The history of Christianity has proven that no one has ever been able to do the “works” in the sense of miracles that Jesus did, nor should we expect to. What Jesus wanted the disciples to understand is that the same Spirit that endowed Him would endow the Church. He was not indicating that we would do greater miracles, but that the Church would be empowered for missions and ministry across the globe. The point of Christ and the point of the Church has never to perform miracles, but to proclaim redemption. If we look at the impact of the Church has had on culture it has never been through signs and wonders. Yes there have been foibles that stick out like a sore thumb, but the spread of the gospel, the abolition of slavery, the equal treatment of women, the respect for childhood, institutions of higher learning, the basis for true science and the list goes on and on have all flourished because of Christianity. Here-in lies the “greater works” that Jesus speaks of. Jesus ministry, which was limited, extends to the very ends of the earth because He went to the Father.
Female acquaintance: OK, so Abbie, what’s your type?
Wish her luck! Especially with the volcano which shoots rubber chickens and wrapped gum.
Static firing has ended. Now we wait for the analysis of the data.
Twenty-year-old Jason Auerbach was an army sergeant and a two-year veteran with 12 months in the infantry in Italy. Awaiting discharge in Camp Crowder, Missouri, he wrote a prize-winning essay for the “My Home Town This Christmas” contest sponsored by the camp. His essay favorably impressed the judges and, upon awarding him first prize, released his prizewinner to the newspapers back home. The New York Herald Tribune printed his essay. The young soldier also miraculously made it home in time for Christmas in Brooklyn.
Our preschooler has caught wind of what’s going on, a nice positive thing to look forward to in the midst of all our doom and gloom lately. If a new house is being built, she wants to have a say in what it looks like. Here is her proposal to the design team.
Freedom at last!
- True love
RB
so phenomenal. I know that they will continue to be inspiring to
In short, I did a personal re-evaluation and set a new target weight loss goal.
Of course, it’s not. In today’s pay-as-you-go world, being cool is a luxury few can afford. This accounts for the extreme discomfort we may be seeing in our media and, to a lesser extent — they still have more money — Hollywood. Our media, our journos, depend on being thought cool and, consequently and perhaps more importantly, thinking of themselves as cool. When they suspect they are not, they begin to behave like worker bees when the queen is killed. They tend to run around and act out. After a while, they seem lost. Their numbers dwindle.
1. Opinion Place: You are given a new survey on this site about once per week, and they will pay you accordingly..usually $2-$3. They pay you with a Paypal or Amazon certificate sent to your email account. It doesn’t seem like a lot of money, but it adds up over time! Add this to other survey sites you use, and it helps.
I hope everybody has a fabulous weekend! As for myself, I gotta go now~! Busy busy busy~
God says I promise you some land: others have it now, but what of it? Go get it.
Red Russian kale (end of June?).
However, let us be clear, apart from a coroner's jury, no court of law has ever found that Stephen Lawrence was killed by racially motivated whites. That Lawrence was the victim of a racist murder is mainly the verdict of the media, a bunch of politicians and the usual suspects in the race industry. They may claim it is true, because they say it is, but that is not the way justice works in this, or any other civilised country. Under British justice a person remains innocent until proven guilty, whatever Billy Bragg, Ken Livingstone or the editor of the Daily mail may think.
5 boxes of cereal
Saute the onions in oil and butter until they are translucent and start to turn brown. Add in the garlic and saute for another 30 seconds. Pour into a bowl and reserve. Fry the bacon on high, breaking apart pieces that are stuck together. When half of them have turned brown and crispy, take it off the heat and let them finish in the hot oil. Pour into the bowl with the onions and garlic.
Just tired, as usual.
And we, as adoptive parents, want to find something to give our children when they come to us looking for answers. The urge is to create a past, or even just a tiny hint of a past to offer as a temporary balm on a gaping wound.
I had their BLT bagel, it's my favourite.
Several problems with this statement.
Each maiden is new, but has much to say.
Don and I went out the see him run and pass the flame to the next torch bearer. It was an exciting and much more emotional moment that I had anticipated.
What wasn't so nice was hearing a blood curdling scream around 2:30 am their first night in the same room.
5. If you are adding cheese, form the patties around the cheese, pushing it into the center. Hence, the "inside out" cheeseburger. As the burger cooks the cheese will melt and give the burger a whole other level of yummy-ness. Gouda, Mozzarella, Cheddar, Pepper Jack and even goat cheese would be pretty fantastic for this.
Jacket: La Redoute
I love experimenting with new techniques as well as "thrashing" the trusty faves! I just enjoy the "ride" when creating a layout and, in a nutshell, I would describe my style as colourful, fun and funky!
Well I don't even know where to begin with this part of the story. I am so glad I had the werewithal to beg Majo to come and translate for me. "Don't you want El Rafa to be your novio? Why don't you want El Rafa to be your novio?" Matias would ask. First of all I don't understand what the hell he is saying. In fact I don't think anyone really understands what the hell he is saying. Two he is kind of smelly. Soap, water El Rafa, make it your friend. Three El Rafa really isn't my type. My card was read out on air (see September entry Palabras, words), and my emailbox was flooded with letters, most wanting to fill the vacant novio position. (Position has now been filled!) Some of the letters were quite sweet (Hi Santiago!), most very vulgar!
I can't begin to tell you how many of these single-serving cakes I've had this week plus the strong urge to swing from power lines was undeniable.
If any reader doubts the value of marketing for a beverage, all she or he has to do is catch a view--or, more realistically, read this article--which highlights, albeit superficially of course, how the seemingly ludicrous proposition of a bottled-water market grew from an aberration to "one of the biggest success stories in the modern food and beverage industry":
Doug Holder: Can you talk about the Small Press Book Fair?
drain away
She still seemed a bit lost so I asked her where she wanted to go, and she told me the library. Well by her luck that is just around the corner from my school which I was very near late for at this stage.
This inventory of plutonium for weapons production also does not include 241Pu, a beta emitter with a half life of 14 years and the ninth most common constituent of LWR spent fuel at 150 days cooling. 241Pu is produced at a rate of 3,850 Ci per mw/yr; the annual production of 241Pu from commercial nuclear power production is: 250,000,000 Ci/yr, with the cumulative total as of Jan. 1, 1991 listed at 2,490,000,000 Ci. See ORNL Integrated Database, pg. 261. The daughter product of 241Pu is Americium-241.
Perfect show. And then perfect dessert at a place called the dessert truck. Chocolate bread pudding and Chocolate lava cakes with homemade ice cream. Then off to sleep off the food coma I was headed into.
We begin this choice with an anchor chart:
Me: Salam alaykom akhoya. Peace be with you my brother.
We reserve the right not to comment on blogs with word verification in place ,,,,
All sensible folk are terrified of the vicious Shark but we go goosebumpy over the lovely Dolphin with its smiley face and flappy flippers. The Dolphin is also a merciless hunter, just not of people. Many people love ‘birds’ “Oh I love birds” they will proclaim. But I am going to go out on a limb and bet this does not include Vultures so much.
Shot entirely in HD, this stunning portrait of a Nation includes time-lapses, footage of wild and remote landscapes, Personal Interviews, and rare archival photos.
1 1/2 tsp. paprika
My family doesn't follow a strict 100 mile diet but we do like to try to buy food from New England, since it's a pretty small area of the country and is a good limit to focus on.
Horse Fly
I made this early this morning and dropped it off at my folk's house. My mom works at an elementary school so she brought it to the teacher's lounge.
3) The texture can drastically change a gray blend with demi-permanent color. It can help calm the coarseness.
for you are beautiful
Dr. Marty McInturff, one of five official veterinarians on the course, said Arcadius succumbed from “a heart attack” and a possible aneurysm. The results of a necropsy examination are expected Monday at the earliest.
On the line A-G mark the points I, J, C and E such that
The premise: It's 1996, and Josh and Emma have been neighbors their whole lives. They've been best friends almost as long - at least, up until last November, when Josh did something that changed everything. Things have been weird between them ever since, but when Josh's family gets a free AOL CD in the mail,his mom makes him bring it over so that Emma can install it on her new computer. When they sign on, they're automatically logged onto their Facebook pages. But Facebook hasn't been invented yet. And they're looking at themselves fifteen years in the future.
Fabric Book Round Robin
Boiling an unopened can of milk may alarm some people; however, I can tell you that this is a safe and normal part of the banoffee making procedure. Having said that, do use extreme care when doing this. Make sure you completely submerge the can of milk in water. Never let the water evaporate below the can of milk. And keep topping up with water when necessary.
All through the tasting, neat morsels of delicious food appeared, such as ribs, mini hamburgers, spicy chicken etc. All were excellent accompaniments to the beers. As the beers started to cause people to lose their shyness, questions began to flow and the event became much more interactive and relaxed. We then sampled another experimental beer, Cuvee de la Crochet Rouge Rose. If you like complex gueze like Belgians, which I do, it was a wonderful complex beer. Ghostie's description is spot on, so check that out. Black Chocolate Stout needs no introduction and it lived up to its promise, with a complex array of roasty flavours and evident alcohol. Lastly we had one I'd been looking forward to. BLAST is a 9.0% beer described as a "Big IPA". It lived up to its billing and was big on C hops (though) English hops were used too. A great beer to finish on and one I wished I'd been able to get another glass of.
In the interview Harvey didn’t give much details of their ‘romance’ but said they had been friends for years before growing closer after Cheryl had split with her ex – husband Ashley Cole: “We started confiding in each other. A lot of it was like: “We can’t trust anyone out there, so we’re just gonna trust each other.”
BFF- brain feels fried
I’m beginning to think this guy’s main goal in life is to become a walking one-man supply of bulletin board material for every school in the SEC.
Hi to all-- Judith Bruce, Fran McClennen and I are suggesting that OPC sponsor a series of disussion groups prior to town meeting in homes throughout the town for our members and friends. Judith and/or I would attend each meeting to facilitate the discussion and we would use the Q/A's that we all reviewed at our last board meeting as a basis on which to begin the discussions. Fran will coordinate these discussion groups by finding people who would host a meeting at their house. She will also help hosts with invitations and can supply lists of invitees to supplement the host's list. We would hope that some of you would volunteer to host one of these meetings. If you are able to do so, please email Fran to let her know. Then you can contact me and/or Judith so that we can find a mutually convenient time to hold the meeting.
James Storm has the mic, Bobby Roode, one half of Beer Money, and the future World Heavyweight champion. They didn’t know what they wanted when they formed teams. They made Chicken poop out of chicken salad. He couldn’t say the other word. But he remembers the times Bobby was talking on the phone with his son, saying how much he misses him, it comes down to Bound for Glory. The World Heavyweight Title match with Kurt Angle. James said he won’t lie, he wishes it was him, but Bobby is like his brother. He was going to give this long speech, but the people want to see wrestling, and he was going to make Roode cry. But he will close in saying this, hey Kurt Angle, sorry about your damn luck.
The pass can also be used anywhere you see this logo:
Of course, at the time, there wasn't anything online for the boys that would match and so I've spent 10 months or so noodling about what the boys were going to wear. About a month ago I was in a second hand store and saw this sherpa sweatshirt that was nearly identical to the fabric of the dresses for $4.29.
Dr. Seuss' The Lorax ... ABC Family ... 9:30 AM
I wonder how many of Persephone's customers have been drawn there by womanly word-or-mouth? Sarah in Oxford told Elizabeth, and Elizabeth in New York told me, and I have told all of my bookish friends about this special place. It isn't meant to be a best-kept secret, but I'm often surprised by how many of Persephone's most obvious customers aren't aware of its existence. The induction of an Oregonian is one thing, but some of my fellow Austenians hadn't known about it either.
Global Warming has given the Empire a global crisis and an unlimited mandate to resolve the crisis. What the threat of war was to a united Europe and the threat of poverty was to a federalized United States, the threat of a melting planet is to the Empire of Poverty. It is an open question whether the economic collapse of any of the smaller entities will inhibit the rise of the Empire or prevent it from coming to being. Every resource crisis gives the Empire another reason to consolidate control of resources in the name of the public good, and then eliminate access to those resources in the name of the planetary good.
about your childhood: how you would dance unselfconsciously to pop
Have you guessed what it is yet?
They say that no one understands the creative mind – well I do. I’ve
He apparently wears some kind of magic watch that allows him to turn into aliens or something equally as stupid. Superhero creation stories tend to be stupid as is but a watch that turns you into an alien takes the biscuit. I've never actually watched the show but I can't imagine it's any good. At least all the cartoons I watched as a kid taught me important lessons like if hedgehogs walk over motorways they'll get flattened because they can't walk quick enough. A good, grounding lesson that teaches kids that life isn't fair so get used to it.
“If other community can do it why not us?’ said Brian who is also the chairman of the DAP think-thank, Dayak Consultative Committee.
The name “hambone” refers to the daily activities of the early African-American slave communities. In the days of slavery, families had to stretch the little food they were given, relying on their resourcefulness and creativity to survive under adverse conditions. The hambone (the bone of ham) was used to make a big pot of soup, which, with lots of water, and little scraps of vegetables and spices, was stretched to feed many families. That same hambone would be passed around and used repeatedly in different pots of soups, making something from nothing as a way of survival. (North American Dance)
The basement is as purged as it is going to get, peeps. Now it needs to be packed in boxes.
It was all spectacular – no fussing, just totally good days, followed by even better nights that included sessions that started in the hot tub
…The blast broke Beltran’s knee and leg, fractured his lower spine and buried shrapnel in his thigh; the violent jolt caused his brain injury. He suffered so many wounds that he had to pause in the retelling to make sure he hadn’t left anything out. He underwent 14 operations over the next year. “I was dealing with post-traumatic stress, anger, all the emotions, the ups and downs, the physical, emotional, psychological pain,” he told me. “I was really angry. I wanted to get healed and get back into the fight…”
Extra verses:
Travis Duggins: I did not enjoy working on this image at all LOL. But I sure did learn a lot from it. This painting definitely helped me become a better artist. Oh and my friend loved it too:-)
Dead Drunk
Yesterday I ran my first 10k ever. Actually it was a 10.8k, but whose counting? (We are, of course...) It was also my first race in Turkey and my first race in any foreign country.
2. Access to a garden with fresh fruit and vegetables.
-1 tsp ground coriander
- It can be sung during St. Mary’s fast and feast days, and even during Kiahk (Nativity fast)
Think of climbing a tree and then moving out on a branch or limb. The concern is whether the branch will be strong enough to support your weight. If it isn’t, the branch could break, and you would fall to the ground.
This is a killer disease and it’s affecting many Australian lives- we need to make a change and raise awareness. We can do things to prevent it, and by raising such funds, we can hopefully find a cure.
“Each of the seven chakras is associated with one of the seven endocrine glands, and also with a group of nerves called a plexus. Thus, each chakra can be associated with particular parts of the body and particular functions within the body controlled by that plexus or that endocrine gland associated with that chakra.”
One of them was going to have to speak, sooner or later. Pevan said, "Why do you know who I am?"
Some people have to go to work and don’t have time for all that :.
Eddie is now transitioning to the back, and landing some harder shots now. I’m not sure how much of this Mills can take.
The Volume 7 DVD is a collection of 19 episodes that are full of side-splitting, alien enriched humor. There are 3 DVDs and plenty of extras to fill up on. It is labeled as bearing extras that are “Too rude for TV”. And you know that TV sensors and removes a lot of content/
1. One of the first changes I made when I took a pay cut was starting to buy makeup at WalMart and CVS. When I was in college I discovered Benefit and it was ALL I bought from then on out. Of course in college I worked for disposable income and NOT to pay bills (hello student loan, I hate you). I had to discontinue that (although sometimes I will still splurge on Hoola bronzer or Erase Paste-loove Erase Paste for undereye circles/darkness) and go drugstore on my makeup. Overall it has not been bad at all and I think most drugstore makeup works just as well! I think this bronzer from e.l.f. is about as good as Benefit's Hoola. And the best part is it's $3!! Can't beat that. My verdict is that department store makeup is just not worth it.
Thanks for stopping by! :)
and that it becomes a part of you.
DS1's surgery and the State tournament make extended travel that week impossible, but I'd love to get away for just a day or two. I just have to figure out how to do that.
Who from His love can sever?
And now to address the art issue...
I spent a little time each day this past week tackling just the obvious trash about the house, doing a bit of laundry and getting the dishes all washed up. I'm proud to say that I am starting out the new year with a clean shiny sink. Well, for a beat up sink that is pushing 70 years of age, this is about as good as it gets.
hide your love
-Watercolors
Still not growing my grapes to make my own wine, but time given that will come too.
If I'll ever get to pay.
I continue to be amazed by people who make outlines of their stories, know where the story line is going and most of all know the ending before even writing the book. Who are these godlike folk and why am I not like them? I am a very off the cuff writer, I don’t know where the story is going to go, although I like to have a general idea before I begin. I usually start with an idea or, more often than not, a sentence that seems to resonate in my mind until I get it down on paper. Novels and short stories start the same way, a compelling first sentence.
March 3 - 6, 2011
Kyriaki Maragozidis
1. A decorative covering for a horse or for the tack or harness of a horse; trappings.
5. seeing what happens when two blocks "touch" and the secondary pattern that is created (sometimes it is a total surprise to me)
That is where legacy comes in. Most politicians would shirk from such issues because they have deep political consequences. In violent countries like Pakistan, they have human consequences as well. So for those for whom the present trumps the future, it makes sense to acquiesce to the crowd. Many would even climb on their backs, against their principals, as we've seen happen recently. But where does that leave them when it is all said and done, and the historian picks up the pen to define them?
Do not run. Try to back away from the cougar slowly. Sudden movement or flight may trigger an instinctive attack.
List Price - 48% Discount = Net Sale x Royalty Rate = Royalty Earned
I cannot cry or beg
Oh wait.
But, I’m done!
This section is designed to advance the efficiency of motorcycles
It was still animal print - duh - but much more subtle and chic.
Will: I was very mature for my age.
3.) Alright now comes the rigorous part. After you beans have soaked as long as you can bear it (10-12 hours is usual for me) then you can start you cooking. Drain the beans in a colander than cover them with a few cups of fresh water in a large pot and bring that baby to a boil. Then reduce to simmer and cover, with a little room for steam to escape. (If you get some white foam at first you can skim it off with a spoon, though it won't hurt you.) How long you let it sit and simmer depends on many things: what quantity of beans you are cooking, how long they soaked, what phase the moon is in, and most of all, whether or not you have dinner guests. But I have found that the most common length of time is between 2 and 2 and 1/2 hours for 1 cup beans. You will have to keep adding more water periodically. (But don't add salt until the end!)
As Anthony Watts, a meteorologist and editor of Watts Up With That, noted on April 16th “The Center for American Progress aka Think Progress, a front organization for all things left and ‘progressive’…let it slip (whether by design or accident we don’t know) that they are behind this ‘Forecast the Facts’ outfit.” The Center has a $30 million+ annual budget.
02 Real Good Time Together
English Muffins Cooking
we hop on and hope for the best
This episode highlights a major turning point in the early history of our faith – the increasing belief that salvation was for the Gentiles (and Cornelius was a Gentile) as well as the Jews. And the Holy Spirit begins to make this clear to Peter during this time. (And this made clearer in Acts 11)
Last but not least, an update on the gluten free living. I've been gluten free since the end of January. At first, I was feeling great and sure this was the best decision for me and my health. Then slowly, I started having the joint pains again-this time with more frequency and pain. Then I would randomly eat gluten in small amounts, mainly when out of town. Now, even when I have absolutely no gluten, I'm still having the pains intermittently. However, I am still gluten free. I still make exceptions when traveling by eating a meal or snack with gluten in it. At home, I am almost always GF. I have found out some things I was eating were not actually GF, even though one would assume so. I guess I need to keep checking even if I assume it "should be" GF. I have been reading about osteoarthritis and feel like I'm on that track since I have rheumatoid arthritis. Maybe I'm just reaching for answers.I need to lose weight-about 30 pounds. I think I'm going to have to get back on Weight Watchers and also watch my gluten intake. I'm a little discouraged-I was so sure that the gluten was making me have the pains, and now that I'm 99% sure it wasn't, it's like, what now?
You might be thinking, “Anyone can write a picture book. Why is Nevillegirl making such a big deal over one?” But I’ve discovered that is not true. At our library, I’ve picked up far too many picture books that looked interesting, and I was disappointed by many of them. Some were creative or funny or imaginative, but some were so dull that I didn’t bother to finish them, even though they were only 32 pages long.
- On systems with FileVault enabled, canceling the restart to the Mountain Lion Developer Preview 3 Installer may leave your system unable to present a password dialog at boot time. You can repair the problem by holding down command-R to boot to the Recovery OS and then using Disk Utility to unlock and Repair your volume.
07 Communication Breakdown
Swearing isn't dangerous or something. It won't ruin your beautiful, beloved moral, I promise. It's just not a big deal. People are people. People get upset. People sometimes express this in a "low", "bad taste" kind of way. ...So?
I highly recommend this mod if you want a fun tweak to spice up your next playthrough of Bethesda’s fantastic world. As always, I can’t stress enough the handiness and ease of using the Nexus Manager to download and install your mods. Hope you all enjoy!
Again, apologies for the incomplete nature of this piece, but I ‘m trying to catalogue major dialogue points with al-Ghazali and not only has this one interested me on prior occasion, but it jumps off the page when I hear Pascal echoing sentiments so near in tone. I ‘m happy to be corrected in these matters.
I'm busy making Mother's Day cards for my eldest to sell to raise funds for his Mongol Rally trip. I'm raiding the spare prints and stamped box along with the bit box so hopefully I may make a dent in both!
Spray a large non-stick frying pan with low calorie cooking spray and place over a medium heat. Add the curry powder, potatoes and peas and stir-fry for 4-5 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the chopped coriander and red chilli, season well with salt and set aside.
There is a revolution growing inside of us, an immense dissatisfaction and frustration that will destroy us unless we find a way of canalizing this energy into something that can challenge the status quo and give us some kind of hope. The final drop that made our hearts tremble with frustration and hopelessness happened 30th November, when Hamas’ officers came to Sharek Youth Forum, a leading youth organization (www.sharek.ps) with their guns, lies and aggressiveness, throwing everybody outside, incarcerating some and prohibiting Sharek from working. A few days later, demonstrators in front of Sharek were beaten and some incarcerated. We are really living a nightmare inside a nightmare. It is difficult to find words for the pressure we are under. We barely survived the Operation Cast Lead, where Israel very effectively bombed the shit out of us, destroying thousands of homes and even more lives and dreams. They did not get rid of Hamas, as they intended, but they sure scared us forever and distributed post traumatic stress syndrome to everybody, as there was nowhere to run.
Traits: Slow and thoughtful.
Magic Hat
Because it is REALLY FUCKING BIG, that's why.
Smoked Vanilla Bean Flip
So manly in his every feature.
As more intimate types of dining developed, tables became adjustable. Gate-leg antique dining tables date from the mid-17th century, and change diverse from rectangular to totally circular in style, with flaps which could be reduced when not in use. Early gate-leg antique dining tables in Lancashire can be up to eight ft in diameter. However, by the 18th century it was typical to use several small, fairly than a person huge table, and so later examples are inclined to be smaller. These are quite possibly the most collectable of all antique dining tables, fitting easily into modern-day residences.
Just as well I was there then because I could remind him face to face to respond to my challenge. I also told him that Metro FM have invited us both on air on Tuesday evening at 20h10 to discuss the scrap. I have accepted and I do hope Mangcu will. But I have my doubts. While he is quite happy to scribble insults in his column and print outright lies he certainly isn't keen to defend these views or actions face to face in front of either a radio or live audience. This is odd behaviour for a so called intellectual in pursuit of the truth. To me his refusal tells me all I need to know. You must draw your own conclusions.
Joe Wenderoth — Professor of English
In the video, Khaled says, "We need democracy. We need freedom. We need to speak freely. The government doesn't own us. There is no free media under a monarchy state. The media cannot report freely. They only report the statements of the Ministry of the Interior. They didn't expect that anyone in Saudi Arabia will dare to speak to the media because he or she will be jailed. We don't have freedom. We don't have dignity. We don't have justice. The whole world is free except us under this country."
Soak urad dal and red chilies in water for 1 hour.
The book Catching Fire by Suzanna Collins follows from the previous book events, where Katniss and Peeta won the Hunger Games. Everything at home in District 12 has changed, including Katniss’ relationship with Gale. Before Katniss, Peeta, and Haymitch leave town for the Victory Tour they’re traditionally obligated to take, President Snow stops by to warn Katniss that he’s watching her. Once they leave, Katniss takes Haymitch aside for a strategy meeting. He drives home the point that her whole life – if she and Peeta want to survive – will involve this made up love. So Katniss and Peeta must keep up the show of their love. In the meantime, Katniss has a lot to process, so she arranges a private meeting with Gale. They talk about running away together, but just end up arguing. The only thing that brings her out is news from Gale, who also happens to be on the aircraft. Gale breaks the news to her, that their entire home district has been destroyed.
Here’s a simple test of our emotional intelligence. Can you sense and feel…what is common with these thoughts? They all seem to be what we all think, but there is a hidden truth in these statements and a hidden key. What could it be? Make a note of these thoughts in yourself and catch it if they occur.
Barbara G. Walker, The Woman’s Dictionary of Symbols and Sacred Objects, Harper Collins, 1988
He was laid in the tomb of a friend named Joseph as the Sabbath began… no work, no hustle and bustle, just reflection on who Jesus was and what He had done… His followers were overcome with great sorrow.
But sometimes
Osama Bin Laden is dead :O!
As Nazi forces tighten the noose, Loralei Kepler, daughter of a German resistance leader, must flee her beloved Germany. But is any place safe from Adolf Hitler's evil grasp? Loralei's harrowing flight leads her into the arms of needy child refugees, who have sacrificed everything in exchange for their lives, and toward a mysterious figure, who closely guards an age-old secret.
"What robots?" I asked.
Rachel wore white or floral underpants and never a bra that matched. Oh, and this was when she actually managed to get dressed. Unless she planned to go somewhere (which besides school was rare) she'd just stay in her pajamas. And nothing cute there. Rachel's pajamas usually consisted of an old polyester/cotton blend t-shirt (they were the softest) and old raggedy gym shorts.
S60 5th edition
that is followed by some kind of tock
Six courses featuring:
As the year passed, we talked about it a few times in therapy, and a lot of other things that we were dealing with, but this one thing came up every once in a while. Honestly, I didn’t think that I would ever get my way, but it was worth a try.
Let your family and friends know, and you’ll increase your chances of winning, through December 30, 2011.
He also said that what is about to happen has been at least several hundred years in the planning stage. He also talked about our great human potential.
The attention of the men centered on one gentleman in particular, whom we would later learn was the groom-to-be. While everyone else around him was shirted, dear old groom was in a pair of jeans and what we thought was an unusual pair of lime green suspenders. Okay, it's his party, he can wear what he wants. As he came back from the men's room, a mighty roar was heard from his fans. Like Clark Kent entering a phone booth only to exit as Superman, the groom entered the men's room only to exit as, well, I'm not quite sure. Oh, he still had the green suspenders on, but his jeans were missing. In their place were stretch shorts, soccer shorts perhaps. He'd downed a few, so his inhibitions were waning, me thinks. We watched and laughed and laughed some more.
On Perspective Thursdays I am going to post things from my kids' perspective. This week I have pictures. Other weeks I may do things like ask them questions and post their answers.
When Jeremiah wrote this letter to the Jews who were living in exile in Babylon, he was implying a very different reality. On the one hand, this letter was to encourage them to continue believing in the promises of God, that He would deliver them out of exile and bring them back to Israel. Jeremiah wanted to remind the exilic Jews who they were and that God was still in control. And his encouragement comes in these most famous words. (Jeremiah 29:10-14)
Once upon a time, a group of bankers dropped a magic debt-can on the road. The can was full of nasty debt and it was very ugly. A group of the town’s leaders decided they didn’t like the can, so they gave it a little squirt of stimulus money and
bring March quickly.
* Understanding is best shown with someones own words. There is no way to copy down and memorize an original thought unless it is one’s own. Using one’s own words to describe a mathematical concept is the best indication of fluency. Examples made in this fashion are easy ways to build relational understanding, the more difficult of the types of understanding.
What does time teach?
I love historical fiction. It is my thing. I love getting lost in a book, or TV series, based on fact, with colorful characters interspersed with real historical figures.
Anyway, back to my cards from today. My first card is for the Crafter’s Companion challenge this month which is to use the colours pink and green. I have used one of my new SWALK stamps that I have had for a while but never used…I know…hanging my head in shame! I have coloured her in using my Spectrum Noir pens and am continuing to practice my shading…what do you think? It is a work in progress! I have used a few pearls to finish her off as well as a fab sentiment I received in a crafty swap that I took part in.
Stamps: Aviary, Teeny Tiny Wishes
*Samuel Smith Selection Gift Set
Still on crutches and unable to drive, a friend of Lenhart’s, drove her to a CVS Pharmacy in Oak Cliff.
Today, in honor of a Blue and Gold banquet next week, the oldest two boys and I were scrambling working on their scouting experiences. At one point we were talking about faith. We discussed how faith is "a belief in things we can't see". The boys were asked to come up with someone that displays faith. Jorden enthusiastically shouted, "Indiana Jones".
My mom’s phone was ringing (and it was such a horrible ringtone) and she was displeased. “This is not the ringtone I set!” she said and she was so distraught that she missed the call. I checked the settings for her and set it to her desired ringtone. She then responded “I will never touch any other buttons on my phone again, other than this one (the call answer button)”.
Now, about you. I’ve thought about this. What is something I love to know about people? What gives me a sense of somebody when I meet them? Their books, of course! I am thrilled when I can look at someone’s bookshelf and see familiar titles, and thrilled, too, when I see new titles beckoning.
There are several of them. Tuzenbach in Three Sisters. All my favorite roles have been in theater – except for one film that I did here in Chicago. I played a drug lord – a terrible guy. It’s on DVD, and it goes by the name of either Dirty Work or Bad City. I was sort of the villain in it, and the hero was Lance Reddick, who was on The Wire. When I first read the script, they didn’t say what the role was – and it never occurred to me that they would be offering me that role. So when the director told me, I said, “Oh God, I’ll do it.” I’ve never had a part like that. I think that was my favorite film role. The other one would’ve been that movie with Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward – Mr. & Mrs. Bridge.
Rain fell hard upon our soft, innocent heads. Standing outside with Sue and Jennifer, we sat under our hoods and umbrellas, staring into the koi pond, coming to understand that the fish have no idea what rain is. It’s just a fearful, terrifying drumming upon the roofs of their lives. Fear and sadness comes in droves. Sue sat next to me underneath the awning that was built into the creaking house while Jennifer preferred to stand a few paces behind me. We ate turkey that came from the fryer and mashed potatoes that Sue’s mom made, putting in green onions, chives, and the sort. Jennifer was nearly done with what she had in front of her, while Sue and I nursed the plates like giraffes taking care of their newborn.
What do I write? The short answer is, “Great stories about women, for women.” My new release, The Tree of Everlasting Knowledge combines elements from the romance, mystery and straight contemporary fiction genres. One Beta Reader commented that the book reminded her of John Irving’s Cider House Rules. It’s a fine compliment I’m glad to accept.
Are these things really providing security or taking it away? It's such a slippery slope when you have weapons like these available to law enforcement. What happens when young street protesters push to strongly against the police during a occupy 'event'? What keeps someone high up from pressing the button on those 'enemies from within'?
Which brings us to this season. Now, let me start by saying that the talent pool this season has been ridiculous. This year’s top 11 as a whole could slay every other top 11 since this show started. Past contestants and so-called professionals who have come on the stage this season to perform on results nights have regularly been upstaged by these guys. I’m willing to predict that this season will produce a larger number of actual viable recording artists than any other season before. They’re that good. That having been said, there’s this thing happening where a “chosen 3″ are beginning to emerge. 3 of the top 6 are already being fitted for that Idol crown and tonight that push was harder than ever. This makes me all the more nervous because it’s top 6 night, and because it just so happens that none of my favorites are among the chosen 3.
Bright lights shining in the city……..
Just had a gmail chat with my lovely fellow stylist and blogger Angela Scanlon. As it happens the lucky and talented lady landed herself a plum gig helping style the hotness that is The Blizzards. OK - I'm clearly referring to Brezzy here and am in awe of the wonderful Ange at how she managed to retain any sense of professionalism in his presence. I would be slipping in a pool of my own drool. Her work is being showcased tomorrow night in Dublin but I can't say where lest I spark a riot of females outside the gallery. Look - they've already had to file one restraining order in advance; it's not fair to have to ruin the evening. Speaking of which, I wonder can I actually see anything from 150 feet. I guess those night vision goggles may come in handy after all. Good call...
“Fine,” she said, “but it’s a lot different.”
My back spasmed. Now, I'm not saying God made my back spasm. I believe God's will is for it to be "on earth as it is heaven," but my thinking is somewhere around this: when I try to disassociate my thinking with thinking like God then my body suffers the consequences; in this case, my back.
Location: 103rd and Ewing Ave Chicago, IL 60617 (c0rner of Community Christian Church of Chicago)
Well, well traditions come and go. As long as I can eat chocolate eggs I’m happy.
I’ve got a card for you today made with a digital image from Mo’s Digital Pencil, and she’s called “A Big Whoop”. The challenge this week on the MDP challenge blog is called “Tickle My Funny Bone”. I love this image, and while I was coloring her, I got the bright idea to make her spin. Sort of like a kid doing cartwheels!
This week, we were finally able to get outdoors again! Made it all of the way through Beginner class before the downpour hit. I waited to see if any of my Advanced/Excellent people would show up for drop-in practice as I watched the storm clouds roll in. Taking shelter under a tree (I am safety conscious during thunder storms!) the boys and I, and one die-hard student decided to see if the storm would pass quickly. After 10 minutes or so and no sign of the rain stopping, I declared that I was going to pack up the car and head home. Of course, because I was eagerly optimistic, I didn't wear appropriate shoes for wet weather ... only a pair of Dawgs sandals, which are super duper comfortable, but not at all grippy when wet. Carrying a huge Tupperware container of my "Rally-O Crap" to the car, I had to straddle-hop a low fence to get into the parking lot. As soon as I found a tenuous foothold on the wet ground in my slippery sandals, and swung one (pork hock) leg over the crotch-high fence, it decided to hail. HAIL HARD!! Sure sure, just pea-sized stuff. But being pelted unaware by small frozen peas still stings a little!
1a. Deadlift 5 x 5
March 26 TBA, Cincinnati OH
A family next to him were talking quietly but loud enough for us to be unable to overhear his first couple of calls. But then the driver for the cancer society came and they left.
But together our tears can fall and blossom into joy...
- Ramon Sessions played great, controlled both sides of the floor. If this were a team that had thoughts of the playoffs, he'd be starting. But, we're not, so Kyrie will get the minutes.
U.S. Rating: G
Sawyer is a regular old 6 year old boy, loving all things lego, trains, Star Wars, and more. I wanted his room to be a retreat for him and reflect his passions. I was not yet sure what I planned paint wise, until I saw my friend Carmel's son's fabulous Star Wars inspired room....
I know why I do it. I've always known why I do it. It's an attempt to get people who do not value me or what I say, who will not just believe me when I say something, to do so anyway based on logic and reason. I've always hoped that if perhaps I can just show the logic of my argument that would carry the day, even if the person to whom I am speaking doesn't care about just doing it because I asked him/her to do so since there is no respect there. It's a hope that *this* time, my concerns, knowledge and feelings won't be simply dismissed and ignored.
One carrier had PRIORS from DUI (sure want him driving on MY streets), which explains why the paper wound up damn near anywhere BUT our steps.
Emma Patricia Dures (Lab) 1,611
When P.I. Clay Buchanan, stumbles upon Erin at her husband's gravesite, he’s totally unprepared for her advanced pregnancy. Her venomous reaction at seeing him, however, was predictable. But Clay can’t let her distrust, or his guilt, get in the way—not when he has evidence that proves Erin’s life is in danger.
Why did i follow a stout with this IPA, I'm not totally sure. I know I wanted to continue the high qualitity I had just had had, I didn't want to be let down with a lacklustre beer and the last Mikkeller was a pretty good bottle. And I'd recently re-discovered Brewdog's 5am Saint and fancied another similar hit of hops, so hoped this would provide it.
The first thing I tried was to make a few pages from scratch. Mallory at the beach last year, and then just one of my favorite pictures of her from a few years ago. Simple but still cute.
From George Jones (“Choices I’ve Made”) to Dolly Parton (“Little Sparrow”) to George Harrison (Isn’t It A Pity”) to Ringo Starr (It Don’t Come Easy”)and The Who (“Love Reign O’er Me”), Lavette and her band broke down each song to its most poignant and painful emotional essence — and then built it up again in their own style. But this was mesmerizing, sweet pain — you couldn’t help but be drawn into the spectacle of a standard FM rock song being transformed into something new, with teeth. There were very deliberate bass lines from Charley Bartels, haunting volume swells and bouncing vibrato from guitarist Brett Lucas, as well as steady support from Alan Hill (keyboards and music director), and Darryl Pierce (drums).
What can we learn from this?
The list of new opportunities and changing tactics seems to be endless. But the constants in our industry, while less frequently debated, also exist in abundance.
In the coming days, I'll post my thoughts as I make my way through the curriculum.
For fun, fast, light, exciting, interesting reading this is your book. For deep, thoughtful insights on the human condition, you might want to consider Henry James.
The new monthly magazine joins the long-running bi-weekly Thomas & Friends title on British newstands and is priced at £3.99.
and all of these little distractions slowly chip away at your focus until you forget what you are supposed to be doing. and your focus becomes fragmented and broken.
If you're looking for me, I'll be the one with her foot in the bucket full of Cortizone.
Well fuck me dead Mrs Chook fucken nazi ! , is that the thanks I get for years of loyal patronage of your shop ?
Tris takes this very seriously and personally, she leaves everyone behind in the Dauntless faction and goes straight into the Erudite camp to give herself up, she doesn't want to live, she's giving up. Can't live with the guilt of Will even though now everyone knows and she feels as if her parents died for her so she needs to die for the people she loves.
CALLER: I'm fine. Thank you for asking. I'd like to speak with Michael ____ please.
The idea for "Forsaken" came from the classic poem 'The Forsaken Merman' by the late Victorian poet Matthew Arnold, which in turn is based on an old Scandinavian ballad. It tells the story of a merman who married a human woman, Margaret. They live together happily under the sea and she has children by him - till one day she hears church bells ringing and feels a sudden longing to go and pray in the 'little white church'. The merman agrees to part with her for a short while. But once on land she never returns to the sea, leaving her husband and children to grief for her. In Arnold's poem the merman says:
As heretofore I have displayed their secret hidden plaint.
We have three different Salt Glow Spa Treatments available:
A final thought that the 99% need to realize that there is no entitlement in the manner that the #OWS crowd seems to believe that they deserve…we need to maintain the incentives to be able to become part of the 1%
Who said cooking wasn't an art? There's no question that we enjoy a well-cooked and imaginatively made meal more than something tossed off. Eating a meal can also be as sensually pleasurable as devouring a good book, or consuming good music. When a celebrity attaches their name to a cookbook, though, one has to ask whether it's the dishes or simply the name. Mari-Beth Slade in her Critics at Large review discovered that acting wasn't Gwyneth Paltrow's only specialty.
he was a little embarrassed, I think, but he smiled
What Is Speculative Fiction?
Walnuts- 1/2 cup (chopped).
(N.B.: click on the images for an enlargement.)
From spoken words untrue.
I saw:
The white man’s burden is guilt over Africa (the black man’s is sentimentality), and we are blind for it. We have tipped hundreds of billions of aid-dollars into Africa without first ensuring proper governance. We encourage NGOs and food-parcels and have built a culture of dependency. We shy away from making criticism, tiptoe around the crassness of the African Union and flinch at every anti-western jibe. The result is a free-for-all for every syphilitic black despot and his coterie of family functionaries.
Burney has been pursuing the matter in Pakistan since last year. In fact, it was Burney who called up Surjit’s family last year to reconfirm that the Indian soldier was alive and in a jail. Singh was awarded death penalty as a PoW in Pakistan. But, his sentence was eventually converted into life imprisonment.
Southern Tier was started in 2004 by Ellicottville Brewing co-founder Allen Yahn and his stepson, Phin DeMink, who had brewed the first batch of beer made at Ellicottville before moving on to work at Goose Island in Chicago. DeMink moved back to Western New York and, in 2003, teamed up with his wife, Sara, and Yahn to buy the brewing equipment from the former Old Saddleback Brewing Company in Pittsfield, MA and got to work. There were a couple of missteps to start, namely the failure of the original "flagship" mild and pilsner, but their IPA went over pretty well, and Southern Tier was off and running.
Again if anyone would want the files in SCAL just let me know!
There are other entrenched behaviours, of course, such as charity, compassion and “fairness”. However it is when these inherent (and distinct behavioural mechanisms) directives become muddled, one with the other, that the human “social psyche” fails its possessors.
Maybe there's room for a resurrection in the future.
SAF Chief Guards Officer and Chairman of the Organizing Committee of National Day Parade (NDP) 2012 Colonel Nelson Yau Thian Hock (姚天福) has resigned abruptly from the committee for ‘personal reasons.’ He is also the Commander of the 21st Division.
I made these about 45 minutes ago. I'm heading out the door for work now...can't write much! :) I added dried cranberries and golden raisins instead of prunes (didn't have any). I skipped the nuts too. Next time, I'm going to bake mine a little longer to get more of a golden color (dude, I was in a hurry!)
K’s holding court, whether at school, ring or stage
"Nope! Nobody farted in here! Nobody at all! Maybe the dog did it. Maybe you're just hyper-sensitive. Nobody, but nobody broke wind in the this room, my chronal chamber. Nope, not on my watch."
The nine hour flight over the pond was unremarkable except for the fact that B.J.’s chair was broken and wouldn’t stay “in the upright and locked position.” Mechanics worked on his seat just before takeoff. I told B.J. that people were going to start throwing food at him for holding up the flight. Obviously I was just kidding. They were able to fix the seat with only a few minutes of work and our flight left on time.
- Thanks dude. Keep it real and up the punx!
The timescales are all wrong for this, meanwhile, but if geomythology is the study of ancient folk tales, oral traditions, and regional myths to see if they contain camouflaged references to real, but prehistoric, geological events—earthquakes, tsunamis, volcanic eruptions, and more—what geomythological influence might the throbbing and automechanized Oklo uranium mines play? How extraordinarily interesting would it be to come across a series of old myths about an intelligent presence in the rocks of equatorial Africa, a kind of mineralized Mother Nature winking at everyone from below—and to realize that they're referring to the reactions at Oklo. A spirit in the Earth.
In short, European Central Bank assumptions and European Union rules on monetary have locked Spain, Italy, Greece, Portugal, Ireland, the Baltics and former Soviet bloc countries into a kind of Sartrian “No Exit.” Only a change in the rules that permit historically successful strategies for development will instead make this current crisis merely a painful purgatory stage rather than eternal economic damnation as a cost for being part of a European Union.
The model who got friendly on Facebook with Defoe said last night: “I’m not going to lie — we did have sex.”
The first U.S. Ambassador to the Vatican was William Wilson, a Knight of Malta. His appointment was probably illegal and, for a fact, was highly unethical. Wilson could not possibly have represented the U.S. when his allegiance was sworn to the Pope.
pour Brandywine and redbud,
I have to start over.
Horovitz: Our responsibility is to maintain our moral standards. That’s a very important starting point because in matters of war it can sometimes get blurred. People are always talking about factors like international law, public opinion, the Western world – that is, outside factors that we’re supposed to match up to. No, I say we have to uphold our own standards.
(Francis is a trader who loves music and reading.)
Today I'd like to introduce you to Heavenly Treasures. Their mission is to "equip and assist people in developing countries to break the cycle of poverty through their handiwork and creativity."
The event dates: July 8 at 12:01 am to July 22 11:59pm
There are people in every occupation both with and without measurable risks that also choose to smoke. Are these people aware of the dangers involved in their jobs? It’s likely that an extremely high percentage of them are.
“Well, why don’t you pretend to be dead? That’ll throw them off!” said Arik jovially. Hermel narrowed his eyes. “And while we’re at it, why don’t we have all of the villagers pretend to be dead? Then we can surprise them!” Arik added with a loud gaffaw.
But as with all studies of this complexity - the devil is in the details. NYLCV will be watching closely to make sure that if hydrofracking is allowed in New York, our state has the most rigorous regulatory protocols and enforcement in place to make sure our drinking water and environment are protected.
It hurts that Cuinn and I get a lot of unwanted advice that goes totally against what we're trying to do here. We co-sleep not out of necessity, we like it. I don't sleep train my kids not because I'm weak but because I feel like it's wrong. I still breast feed not because it's easier, but because Aislynn's not ready to give it up. I'm following my kids lead.
2 they'll
A 125x125 button costs $45.00 a month
In the coming weeks, we are trying to finish up some things in school, and next week we are going to do their Iowa testing. I just hope I can keep Rae from distracting them. My mom is coming in 2 weeks, and will get to see Rae for the first time. I cannot believe Emily will be 11, and so we are working on that party. I am looking forward to bringing back a Dear Family Memorial Day tradition - Low Country Shrimp Boil with a new addition of crawfish - fresh from Louisiana.
Me: *blank stare*
6. My mother taught me: FORESIGHT.
Four-wheel-drive required: sometimes
With that said, I am flying out to Winter Wonderland today and will be there till February 8th. I will have limited access to emails and hopefully will have some time to update this blog while I am all bundled up!
Julie Otsuka, The Buddha in the Attic. Their voices rise in a chorus together, yet each separate voice can also be distinguished. The speakers are the “picture brides”, the women who came to the United States from Japan to marry men they had seen only in pictures.
Koh reports he was punched by the police, and his memory card containg photographs of the rally were confiscated, while another photographer said police destroyed his memory card after he refused to delete photographs of a melee.
navigating these waters without it...
Will he love me?
I was hounded ... I was bullied ... I was confused ... I was frustrated
This is Crystal aka "You and Me Plus Three"... YES, I have an exciting new name...
Looking forward to: Doctors appointment tomorrow! Anxious to hear that heartbeat.
“I did see your piece on the Labor stats, and it’s a view widely shared over here. There is no solid recovery on the way: the smart money just doesn’t believe it. But the scarey thing is that Middle America just might…for the time being”.
and I want to be a weed myself,
I will be returning to more simple ground roots and these are my goals:
So, it’s a bank holiday soon, and actually I think I know what I’ll be doing. Working I would think.
“Stop your fucking singing Greenie or I’m taking that thing off you”.
Have a lesser grace
The birds soaring skyward in “Released Spirit” pay tribute to a departed friend. The dress form becomes a bird cage with the birds or spirits rising from its perimeter.
Ethan Wingfield (REP) 14.39% 365
At the beginning I mentioned the older two have a "Homework" tab. It could just as easily be called "Skills Reinforcement". My daughter usually completes a phonics activity and my son does a reading comprehension passage. They both do a math follow-up page. Whatever we need extra practice with is considered fair game for homework!
They’ve spared no expense
1 opportunity's
Here is a copy of the proposed menu (which is subject to change):
melt dark choc
(this video is a little long but I know the grandparents will soak up every second of it)
Emergent Behaviour and Network Effects
“Can’t pick you up at your place- too near Dunkin Donuts. Cops’ll see me. But I can circle ‘round and get you. Just wait for me at the side of the road next to the Passaic. That’s where I hit the deer. You’ll see the bent rail. Wait there.”
Every vehicle with a foreign number plate.
Happy stamping birthday somethings!
The worst defense you can offer for trying first-person fiction based on reality is, "But it really happened." So what?
All I ask is that every medical report have a uniform heading, with spaces for the patient’s name, birthdate, and a date for the document which should default to the date of service. Other useful pieces of information (for which space could be allocated, even if left blank when unnecessary — like an insurance claim form) could include the physician, the medical record number (used mainly for institutions), location, procedure, etc. It would be nice if the body of the reports followed suit, but I have no problem leaving it with one large content field. Tables for lab results would be nice. Once you design it for paper, frankly it becomes child’s play to adapt it for electronic use, which would be a giant step towards a universal EMR.
Speaker 7 is out of her beautiful, goddamned mind – as the anonymous, Samantha Brick “Oh I’m so pretty, so Speaker 7 did me a favor and threw a bag over my head” photo should indicate. 7 has chosen the photo of this self-proclaimed beautiful narcissist posed next to a bag of colon cleansing doggie treats as a stand-in for her own photo. Never mind, that the bag says “coprophagia” on it, which I believe means a dog eats their own poo. I respect this choice. Truth is, I respect everything Speaker 7 writes.
When I saw this guy I stopped for a few minutes…various things came to mind. Afterwards, I couldn’t get this scene out of my head. He did this thing with these glass balls, allowing them to almost seamlessly slide around his hands and arms. At the time my friends told me the name of this art form, but now for the life of me I can’t remember what it’s called (never fails, eh!)
http://alethonews.wordpress.com/2011/08/08/top-israeli-archaeologists-contest-jewish-ties-to-jerusalem/ You won’t hear about this on MSM. After over 2 years of digging, noted Israeli archaeologists have stated that they can find no archaeological evidence to prove that Solomon’s Temple even existed! This follows on the heels of a stunning announcement by eminent Egyptologist Zahi Awas earlier this year in which he stated that, based on the evidence, the exodus of Jewish belief did not happen…. at least not in the way portrayed in the Tanakh or Bible. The timing of such announcements is never coincidental.
My brain be tired from Words With Friends,
May 1-7: A time of review especially regarding your unconscious bids for power. Watch Martyrdom and watch for irritability and crankiness in yourself and others as you face certain truths and realities. Don’t get stuck. Remember to engage the moving center regularly as that will keep things flowing. The key is to be proactive, make adjustments, choose or eliminate, clean something out to make room for something new. Especially watch self-judgment. Keep the mantra that “it is all good”.
That night was unexpected and unplanned. After Marianna convinced Isabel to give the guys a chance, the girls rode around for a couple of hours in that Trans Am with Roger and Randy. In the celebration of Marianna’s graduation, the girls had already had a shot of moonshine. This caused Marianna to be a complete lousy Lucy. It wasn’t a big deal for Marianna to meet and greet strangers. And even though the moonshine was 110 proof, Isabel’s morals were in tact. However, while driving around Fort county and seeing the sites as a light snow fell, they began drinking vodka and orange juice. Unforeseen by the girls, youth and stupidity go hand in hand, and they got drunk quickly. They all ended up at the only hotel in Poverty, Traveler’s Lodge.
The month-long drive supports Cell Phones for Soldiers, a charity that uses recycling proceeds to buy and send free phone cards to military members stationed away from home. The program was founded in 2004 to help military members serving overseas keep in touch with family back home. Since July 2007, AT&T has been working with Cell Phones for Soldiers to collect phones for the cause.
What lessons have we to learn?
Monday afternoon. Sunny and perfectly beautiful.
Paul claims to have been educated by Gamaliel, one of the premier teachers of the Law in the first century. Gamaliel taught between A.D. 22-55, giving us an approximate early date for Paul’s education. If Paul began study at the latest age of 16, we can guess a birth year of about 6 at the earliest. Polhill observes that several rulings of Gamaliel appear in the Mishnah, mostly having to do with marriage and divorce. Perhaps Gamiliel’s views influenced Paul’s personal comments on marriage in 1 Corinthians 7 (Polhill, Paul and his Letters, 30).
American Vampire #25
That is obviously not all I need to say on the subject of using Astrology as a worldbuilding tool. With time, I hope to cover the whole subject and show how it can be used to increase the regard the ordinary reader has for the field of Romance, particularly SFR and PNR.
clock manager
Me- (thinking to myself) This must be why people drink! Since I don't though, a little ibuprofen may help. =)
It all started after dinner the night of June 28th. The contractions began steady, but not painful. I had had a few false starts over the past few weeks, but this felt different. I decided to just let them happen, keep watch, and get a little sleep just in case this really was it.
Professor : Have you ever felt your God, tasted your God, or smelt your God? Have you ever had any sensory perception of God for that matter?
The problem I have with these presenters, is that they do this all the time, -- with every episode! In every single episode the Whiteman’s reputation, culture and heritage is thrashed to hell. How many viewers are getting the general impression that the Whiteman (Dutch, English or Norwegian), where the scum of the earth? Surely they must realise that many schools in this country will be using this programme for educational purposes! In the end this programme, and many others like it, will cause more harm than good by generating more feelings of racial tension and ultimate hatred towards the ever-dwindling White Race living on the southern tip of Africa.
During the Polokwane battle, he surprised many by predicting Reserve Bank Governor Tito Mboweni's demise in the Zuma administration and the survival of then finance minister Trevor Manuel, owing to the latter's willingness to go along with the new policy direction of the ANC and its alliance partners.
Primal Scream
21Nevertheless if thou warn the righteous man, that the righteous sin not, and he doth not sin, he shall surely live, because he is warned; also thou hast delivered thy soul.
It's not that she equates non-consensual penetration with consensual intercourse. It's not that she dismisses the concerns of women who don't wish to be poked and prodded unnecessarily with a slut-shaming "hey, they ought to be used to having stuff jammed inside 'em." We've come to expect that sort of casual horror from people like her.
Yes, I have made several changes to my lifestyle this year. I have given up habits I was never really too proud of having, I am focused on being a better person. But, the tears that I cried for the whole first hour of my birthday, I realize it’s less the things I did to celebrate, but more the people I celebrated with that I miss so much.
I love a good quest and I’m not bashing it as a story form, but let’s be honest: plotting a quest is relatively easy. The characters must make a journey. Once you’ve decided where they start and where they finish, constructing a plot is basically a process of inventing interesting obstacles and sticking them in the way of the characters. In a fantasy world (as a youngster, I wrote fantasy) you have a whole exciting array of potential obstacles that can be thrown at hapless questers: dragons, monsters, orcs, Evil Dark Lords etc etc etc.
Conor shook his head. “That’s a terrible story. And a cheat.”
to the estuary of
“I know. I’ve just never drank alcohol.”
Buccaneer
A gift from Heaven
Racked: 11-30-2007
Near the sports pavilion, about 400 m from the main school, they were split into groups, then beaten with lengths of wood and logs, and stabbed.
Tickle me with Tinsel!
Fromage Coulommiers
Week 3, for my Lenten Thankfulness Journal.
I remember promising myself that if I just managed to sell 5,000 copies, I would never ask for anything again, and I can safely say that it surpassed that number long ago. I mean, don't run away with the idea that The Swan Kingdom was a bestseller. Or even a big seller. It wasn't. It sold unexpectedly well, got some good reviews, and my publisher was happy about it. So was I.
‘My son,’ the father said, ‘you are always with me, and everything I have is yours. But we had to celebrate and be glad, because this brother of yours was dead and is alive again; he was lost and is found.’
Alison Krauss – The Scarlet Tide
Then I figured out that I did not have just the right bling for the box so headed to my local store, Scrapbook Generation, and got some bling and some Prima flowers. I got those attached and then poured on a very thin layer of epoxy by Envirotec!
You told me I’m a mournful rain,
You give us reason to celebrate, to join our neighbors on the street again, sharing a glass of wine at dusk as our children race their bikes around the block and swing on the swings, daring each other to ride faster and push them higher.
The turnout was amazing! I met so many lovely brides to be and couples ... it was a pleasure to talk with you all about your wedding stationery plans!
Celeriac also known as 'celery root', used raw or cooked. It has a tough, furrowed, outer surface which is usually sliced off before use because it is too rough to peel. Celeriac has a celery flavour, and is often used as a flavouring in soups and stews; it can also be used on its own, usually mashed, or used in casseroles, gratins and baked dishes.
And because Spring is just beginning to peek around the corner (hello daffodils and lovely little snowdrops) and it seems to be cold season again, here is a recipe for ginger tea to make anyone feel better.
Although David Peters mentions about helping out with the “basics”, there is enough knowledge afforded to the user to feel anything like a beginner.
Was it slowly and surely, as time has progressed?
Cheese: Monterey Jack, Asadero
Around the time I started brewing my own stouts, ales, lagers, and "wee heavies," my father mentioned his fond memories of making root beer as a kid before World War II. During a subsequent school break, I scrounged up a few cases of empty bottles and pulled together ingredients to make an extract batch good old-fashioned American root beer with him. It was my first batch of home-brewed soda and the project taught me some early lessons in how not to work with yeast.
prospers during that city’s industrial boom. There he is hired to photograph the Pan American Exposition.
Based on a vision revealed to him, Albert Pike wrote out a blueprint of events that would play themselves out in the 20th century, with even more of these events yet to come.
Now I already told you I know nothing about basketball, and to be honest had no idea there were 4 different divisions of the bracket (I learned that last year)! Thankfully my sports obsessed boyfriend helped me out with this one a bit! And I think I had a pretty great way of picking my teams! So are you ready for my super scientific bracket method? Ready?
For the first time in weeks, I went down to my basement studio to fool around with pen, paper, pencils, and watercolors. I was determined to get over whatever was keeping me out of the studio basement, but admit that I did the drawing up in the kitchen while DH was making dinner.
But I could feel the sun in my face. And by then I was so hot I could pretend it was the heat from the sun I was feeling. Wear enough layers and move a little and you can make it so it feels like it's summer inside.
And no, that does not mean I’m out having un-married sex. I hate when people assume that. People who can’t seem to fathom why one might enjoy playing with a man in a context that does not involve sex first, then marriage, children, abandonment, him having sex with someone else, and everyone’s eventual demise.
In celebration of Arizona’s Centennial, the Westin La Paloma Resort & Spa is offering guests a two-night stay at the best available rate, and a third night for $19.12, in recognition of the year Arizona became a state.
Incredibly, because of Christ’s death on the cross and His resurrection from the grave, our sins have been covered and made clean, and we have access to His Holy Spirit; who dwells in us to open our understanding, so that the things of God may become clear. No longer do we have to depend on another to grow in our knowledge of the things of God. We need only to ask the Almighty, and He will open our understanding and reveal to us the Truth. Because He loves, He leads and allows us to learn. All that was once hidden, has now been made plain.
Hey Friends, It has been such a busy month (April). Yesterday, Saturday the 7th is when the opening reception for our show at 2nd Helping occured. Sheila Wiley, whose art work is below, was unable to attend. She had a family emergency, I hope all is well now. The photo above is my work. The 2nd Helpings Gallery is really lovely and a great place to have a reception. They have lots of room and wonderful catering on site.
I guess that’s neither anger nor disgust, but bitterness.
Not only that.
This was a super quick make using the pattern I'd already drafted for this tutorial. I was aiming for a boxy style shell top and that seems to have worked out pretty well. Except this time I drafted a facing for the neckline,which really enhances the bateau shape much more than the bias finish did on my previous make of this top. It was such a quick make that I even bothered to finish the facing with some deep purple bias from my stash...
However, even with impaired land transit and airport runways, critical supplies will still get where they are needed by the focused efforts of the just – including the military.
Who the man is
The gruff old man at the shop said, “Not a good morning, eh?” I agreed, not good weather for biking anyway. I asked if there was a place to get breakfast nearby. He said a lot of places were closed on Sundays so the staff could get shit-faced on Saturday nights. I wasn’t sure if he was joking or not, but he pointed me in the right direction and I found a place at the end of the block.
Wan Abdullah Wan Salleh is better known as Wan Batu, thanks to his gemstones business. He was also briefly known as Wan Bola, when he sold licensed World Cup Merchandise during the time South Africa was host country. (Read the article in the Star here.)
I worship and make offerings to my gods because I believe them to be worthy of my praise, my love, my adoration. I honor them not even because they wish it, not really. I honor them because I honor who they are, what they represent, because they are worthy of my time, my work, of all I can offer and so much more. I honor them because they are a part of me.
Therefore, please consider my positivity reinstated. Game on!
Some would argue that "Scripture" is traditionally capitalized in Anglican circles when referencing it for theological method. The reason for capitalization is to differentiate the Christian canon, from other types of scripture. That would be small fry.
I have trouble controlling my emotions a time as well. Simple frustrations overwhelm me at times and I have tendency of self-harming by hitting myself in the head with my fist or even scratching myself with my nails. I have thrown things and broken things and even kicked at a pet.
Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board. (November 1998). Report to Congress on the role of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board regarding regulation of DOE’s defense nuclear facilities. DNFSB, Washington, DC. http://ping.fm/xeoqm
Kate: Tyson?
I have to thank Shawn at Crafty Chics Blog for her detailed instructions on putting together a diaper cake! She did a blog tutorial in July which she posted in sections over a few days. If you are interested in viewing her tutorial, be sure to start with Part One ~ Diaper Cake Getting Started. I will throw one additional little tip in to go along with Shawn's instructions. I was at home and ready to get started and I didn't have any ribbon or large enough rubberbands that would work to secure the diapers together in the larger layers. Since the rubberbands were not large enough to go around the entire bundle I just started grouping 5-6 diapers at a time around the core base that I already had placed a rubberband around by adding a new rubberband and securing it to the base by stretching the rubberband around at least one of the diapers in the exisiting core. I continued this same pattern of piecing together another 5 or 6 at a time and securing with a new rubberband. I was using the small Goody rubberbands out of the hair care aisle. I decided to use those on the diapers because I didn't have to wrap them more than once. I could just roll the diaper and slide the rubberband over it! Does that make sense to everyone the way I wrote it? I hope so...I should have taken a picture of that step to add. Once I got the enter layer complete THEN I added the decorative ribbon around the outside, but it wasn't for structure...just as a finishing touch.
Kris Oyler, a co-founder and general head honcho at Steamworks, said BPA seems to have little effect in adults — the main concern is the chemicals' effects on developing fetuses and children.
I groused that I was in possession of an American Airlines ticket, JFK to LAX, on my birthday five years ago. I didn't want to fly across the coast for a meeting, despite the promise of celebratory cocktails with coworkers on the other side. Didn't my clients know it was MY day? Shouldn't I be excused from work on MY day?
In Don't Blame It On Me, the superficial trappings of genre cross-pollination are obvious - the Pistols' Submission re-routed through Marshall stacks. But if there's one characteristic that exemplifies the no-man's-land between punk and hard rock, it's the drumming. (If the mechanics of punk drumming make your eyes glaze over, you might want to skip ahead). Inherited from the likes of Slade, the four-on-the-floor drumbeat - in which every beat in the bar is accented by the kick drum - became a staple of Oz hard rock (check in here at around 1:55, or here at 4:13, or here whenever you damn please). At this tempo, it's usually accompanied by eighth-notes on the hi-hat - that's two hi-hat hits for each thump of the kick drum - propelling the song and, when played slightly behind the beat, making it "swing". Not here. Invader's four-on-the-floor lumbers instead of swings, delivering the sort of heavy-handed quarter-notes reserved by punk drummers for tempos of twice this speed and beyond. Ordinarily, a rhythm stripped of feel and pace is a bit like a gluten-free vegetarian pizza - what's the point? - but here it's perfect. Hey, true art ain't always pretty.
“The ANC leadership contest is going to be battled around nationalization,” Baissac said in an interview. “It is a key marker of the future of the country.”
9. Use the Linky post at the bottom of the page and follow the directions to link here to be eligible for prizes! They'll be worth it!
That both of us spent half the day... with toothbrush on the floor"...
Tempting, isn't it?
. . . we must determine whether Broadcom has stated actionable anticompetitive conduct with allegations that Qualcomm deceived relevant SDOs into adopting the UMTS standard by committing to license its WCDMA technology on FRAND terms and, later, after lock-inoccurred, demanding non-FRAND royalties. As Qualcomm is at pains to point out, no court nor agency has decided this precise question and, in that sense, our decision will break new ground. The authorities we have cited in our lengthy discussion that has preceded this point, however, decidedly favor a finding that Broadcom’s allegations, if accepted as true, describe actionable anticompetitive conduct.
I don’t own an iron (not that we could afford the energy to run one if we did), and the act of washing is a mission in itself. Get all the dirties in a laundry bag, then cover it with a waterproof bag, dinghy to a marina, get tokens, wait through both cycles, roughly fold and haul it all back to the boat without getting wet and salty again. Most of the time our clothes are hanging around the edges of the boat, airing or drying, pinched by pegs and as wrinkled as an elephant’s skin. If we manage to find something semi-clean to throw on then we’re peachy.
Check out the launch trailer here:
Basically, the original blog that caught my attention went with the idea of “the boss is always right”. This type of blog, well hell, it came off as being an advertisement for a huge jobs board. That’s part of the problem in the good old USA. We are beginning to take too much shit from people who otherwise should have their asses put in check. We all have wanted to tell the boss fall into a bag of dicks, but most will never. Most will never rock the boat. I say rock it until he/she pees their pants, terminates without prejudiced, or basically gets a clue. Management is in charge of nothing without your work product.If the new woman at the office is hot, and the boss is a guy that automatically pays her better, gives her a better cubicle, and allows her more freedoms, then yeah dumbass, he’s trying to bone her. Don’t get in the way unless you have balls of steel. Tell him to fuck himself. Tell her that he’s trying to buy her off. Cock block if she isn’t doing it already. Serves the prick right.
-I'm working on it!
So, I’ve got an aching back, but I’m not sure if that’s from the exercises or just my ongoing back issue. Or both. I’ve also got some sore thighs. I know tomorrow is going to be even worse for those! But, I don’t mind the pain. I know it’s because I worked those muscles and they are letting me know. It does suck, however, when you are constantly following a toddler around the house and lifting him up. Thankfully, my little man likes to play independently and give me a break.
I have always had a fascination for stars. Ergo a starry themed reception would best suit my wedding.
After placing everything on the cake I thought the top tier (The one with the roses, DUH.) was pretty plain looking so I added some colorful hand painted (Getting quite addicted to painting on gum paste/fondant, it's super FUN!) patchwork cutter butterflies to cheer it up!
Some people do frown upon such behaviour unfortunately. Rigid, uptight, conservative, moralising, traditional, authoritarian types who would do well to take their heads out their own arses. And prior to meeting him, I was kind of worried that Uncle Ji would be precisely one of those types, given his persona on twitter. However after lunch, conversation and a WMPC swap, the first one in a long time, I was pleasantly surprised. And futhermore for such a strong, masculine, macho member of the male species, I have to say that Uncle Ji had pretty good hair and nails for a man. Too good really. So I'm kind of suspicious as a result. And as for what we actually talked about over a pie and a pint in The Fox and Anchor, well Uncle Ji has forbidden that I reveal too much as he is a fiercely private man. It turned out that he only really wanted to meet me to see if I could get my hands on some indigo kyanite but I didn't really have clue what dear old Uncle Ji was on about. "Vat you talkin' beta? Vord on the internets is you the man who gets things?" he exclaimed, to which I could only reply, "Well I do get food from people Uncle Ji but that's about it". So bizarre and curious goings on indeed but I was grateful for the Indian food he gave me which came in the form of an aubergine dish called 'baingan ke amchoo', some 'shahi paneer', a dahl chutney, some rice and a very unusual pigeon tikka dish.
If you recall, I was injured after completing the Army 10 Miler back in October. I had high hopes that it would be a quick recovery, but that was not the case. I ended up giving up on all running, and pretty much any other form of exercise as well. It was all just too painful. I started in with the chiropractor. I was saved by one many years ago when I was dealing with intense back pain, so I thought it would be a good idea to try it again. After many months, I am happy to say I'm back to being pain free. I still go to the chiropractor, but I'm now down to once every other week.
In general, a good starting point mic placement is slightly higher than the vocalists mouth.
You can make calls, browse the web and snap photos with it but this sleek black touchscreen phone isn’t the first BlackBerry 10 phone we’ll see around autumn 2012.
Spending the Christmas holidays in Beverly Hills, Casey bought a Christmas tree and set it up undecorated in his hotel room which was across the street from the Luau, a popular restaurant. Playing the lonesome cowboy, he’d sit at the bar, strike up a conversation with a gal, telling her it was his first Christmas away from home. Would she help decorate his tree? How could she refuse the love trap? He’d whisk her away and “loosen her up with champagne” as they decorated the tree. After she’d leave, Casey said he’d undecorate the tree and return to the Luau in search of other prey.
wickedness in high places” (Ephesians 6:12). That’s why we then enjoined to
And that’s it. As I type it in English it sounds so contrived, but you have to understand that in Arabic, this is actually completely natural speech. This is just how people say “hello”, “thanks a lot”, “good luck” and “have a nice day”. Every utterance is a prayer, returning the speaker to the divine, time and time again. As I drive away from the guardian I feel so incredibly thankful that this is the case, I feel a little more alive, more humbled, more compassionate.
This feature article is brought to you by Mimi Delores, the author of Stay Fabulous and Healthy. ____________________
3) Each award winner has to show the award and put the name and link to the blog that has given her or him the award itself.
Next day as he travelled from St. Pancras to Bradborough in a crowded third-class non-smoking compartment, wedged tightly between a soldier home on leave and a woman with two children on her knee, Athelstan Digby had the image of Evans’s Schalcken constantly before his mind. Long before they passed the glare of the Sheffield forges, he had made up his mind to buy it provided that the man would sell. If he had been hit by the war, and from what he had seen of him Digby thought that this was more than probable, he might jump at the opportunity of finding a purchaser.
So often God seems to deliberately overlook me, at least in my mind. My Bible? My Bible was once So often the Bible that seemed as dry as dust. There are times I felt as if I have nothing to live for. Sometimes, the adversary still tries to plant those seeds in my garden for God. My emotional pain seemed endless. I thought God constantly seems to favor others over me. But nothing can change the consistency of His word. Nothing can change God’s love for me!
Ordering veal or foie gras at a fancy restaurant
Illegally downloading your favourite music, films or books is a way of killing the thing that you love. It is unethical, unsustainable and unfair.
Me: Gerrardo, if a cougar pounces on you, you have to make a loud noise, clap your hands together...
Back in 1984, Vickie Hutchins and Jo Ann Martin were next-door neighbors raising their families in Delaware, Ohio. They were two moms with small children looking for a way to do what they loved and stay home with the kids too. They shared a love of home cooking and making memories with family & friends. After many a conversation over the backyard fence, Gooseberry Patch was born.
What a woman won't do, won't get done.
Brunoise of pear, sauteed
From the highest point at 5,120 m above sea level in the Ruwenzori mountain range, to the Quattarah Depression, at 159 m below sea level, the river channel consists of flat reaches in certain sub-basins presently linked by steep channels. Within this basin the topography is diverse. The highlands of the Ethiopian Plateau and the “Mountains of the Moon” in Central Africa give way to the lowland pastoral plains of Sudan and the deserts of Egypt. Tropical vegetation, snow-capped peaks, and some of the driest areas in the world, as well as some of the largest bodies of inland waters, can be found along the basin’s length and breadth.
Amy Winehouse - 04 - Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow (2011)
In the past year, fashion went from masculine to more feminine in just one season, proving certain styles and clothes do not last long.
Most senators who were asked about the low number of minorities in the Senate admitted or implied the issue was not something on which they focused.
Just brought her back from school to the clinic.
Good Morning y'all! I got a lot accomplished this weekend and that makes me feel good going into the work week. I had some spare time on Saturday afternoon, and it seemed like the perfect chance to make some sweets that I had been browsing on Pinterest. I took a vote and ended up making this Oreo Layer Dessert. Anything that combines chocolate and cream cheese usually gets an A+ in my book and yumm, it was so good! I will definitely be making it again...I think it will be the perfect summertime treat! Make sure to check this site out, it looks adorable!
and recycled and re-introduced the reformers legislation to improve ethics laws in NYC that they issued in past press conferences begging for reform. In the spirit of going around in circles and accomplishing nothing, True News has decided to reissue its report card on the reform
﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿ 2:45PM - I signed and paid for the work, just in time for The Mrs. to pull up.
It took a while for us to go back there.
5. surround yourself with good people who love jesus – people who can speak into your life, people who you’re mates with and people you can speak into
7) Something friends might say about me is that I try to be witty, whether I succeed or not.
’Grumpy Gretchen’ is a sure beauty with sexy curves and very unique facial features.
Sasha Shantel
Levis jacket
Yet it’s the men who can’t control themselves on the streets, where from Morocco to Yemen, sexual harassment is endemic and it’s for the men’s sake that so many women are encouraged to cover up. Cairo has a women-only subway car to protect us from wandering hands and worse; countless Saudi malls are for families only, barring single men from entry unless they produce a requisite female to accompany them.
Papers - all from my stash - sorry I don't remember who they are by
We knows and believe that God does not rejoice with our thoughts, minds, actions, envy, jealousy, hatred, gossip, judgmental heart, prideful heart and so on that are evil, but rejoices with the truth because He is full of love. We also knows and believe that He is Almighty God, All powerful, All knowing, present everywhere and can do all things, but then He is also the God who is full of compassion, Mercy, Kindness, S l o w to anger, filled with Abundant Grace and releases Forgiveness to all people to whomever goes before Him.
Want to win your very own Sonic ice cream social? Tell me what your favorite ice cream concoction is for a chance to win a $50 MySonic gift card so you can host your own ice cream social with real Sonic ice cream! And I have two second place prizes to give away also! A Sonic lunch box filled with a "Keep it Real" ice cream t-shirt, a $5 MySonic card and some other goodies. I'll choose three random winners on Monday, August 30th.
Most economists had expected Britain’s $2.4 trillion economy to eke out modest growth in the early 2012, but these forecasts were upset by the biggest fall in construction output in three years coupled with anaemic service sector growth and a fall in industrial output.
This weekend was kind of a weird one for me. I stayed out till 2-3am both days with friends despite having a sore throat. I ended up losing my voice because I had to conduct conversations at a loud volume over club music. And each day I woke up at 8am feeling perfectly fine and non hungover. What's up with that?
Japanese import Yu Darvish is locked in. Sure, skepticism was abound when Darvish first started spring training. He at times, looked as wild as former Yankees import Hideki Irabu. Hideki Irabu he is not. He learned some lessons early in spring training. He also was hit around in his first start of 2012. Those experiences have quickly paid off for Darvish. Since giving up 5 earned runs in his first start, the 25 year old right hander has been tremendous. In his last four starts he is 4-0, pitching 27 1/3 innings, allowing just 3 earned runs and striking out 28.
First, let’s look at it from a logical approach. We know these facts:
Because our Saint would pray.
Bromine: Is a disinfectants that can be used as an alternative for chlorine. In swimming pools, bromine is used against the formation and growth of algae, bacteria and odors in swimming water. Did you know in the United States, bromine has been used since 1936 to treat swimming water. Bromine comes as a powder of tablet form. Bromine is more stable than chlorine at higher temperatures and is more commonly used in Spas because of that. For spas it is used for sterilizing and disinfecting the water. Store in a cool dry place away from direct sunlight. When adding Bromine to your pool or spa be sure to follow the manufactures instructions. Keep away from eyes as well as avoid direct contact with skin and clothing.
What has happened in Florida is a tragedy of imaginable sorrow for the parents of this child, all parents who have lost a child, or who watch their child leave with a group of friends, who appear at best dubious, are always fearful that perhaps there will be a knock-on the door before the dawn comes. This is happening across the nation and it is irrespective of race, religion, or ethnicity. We have lost our youth to violence and most importantly apathy.
On Thursday night, I had the great fortune of meeting up with Melissa, Jenn, Sue Ann, and Cheryl (right to left) in D.C. at a fabulous tapas restaurant named Jaleo. I had met both Melissa and Cheryl at Stamp-A-Faire last summer, but it was my first time meeting Jenn and Sue Ann. I had the BEST time! They're all such amazing people and I am touched that they made the effort to join me for dinner, especially on a weeknight. Melissa was so sweet to plan this get-together:
via an internal rupturing or explosion of an organ
From the research and the projects on search, I have confirmed my belief that search continues to be a core element in digital marketing. I have learned that search should be considered at every stage of building a website and any update to the site. The challenge with SEO is that the algorithms continue to change and websites need to be updated along with the changes. However, as recently as March of this year Matt Cutts of Google announced that over-optimised sites could incur a penalty in search results. The rationale is to reward sites that are most relevant to a user’s search query and have the most natural relevant content. This could be beneficial for companies that focus on content for humans versus content for the search engines.
The department's former Deputy Director General Astrid Ludin has been appointed to lead the commission and will be assisted by several deputy commissioners.
Today is/was my birthday, I can't believe how fast time goes.
I know I won’t forget her.
The pre-release price is only $29.00 - I'm sure there is an article (or 20!) in there that will end up making you WAY more than $29.00, so this one is definitely a no-brainer. From what I hear the price is going to increase significantly after it is released, so now is the time to get your order in... I know I can't wait to get mine, as all of us in this business know, knowledge is not only power, it is also PROFIT! :)
“We could cover one of the windows!”
“I think like every parent, he worried about it as a profession,” she remembers. “But we now live in a world that’s so unstable that I don’t think there is such a thing as a safe profession anymore. And I’m sure that if he was still alive, he’d acknowledge that.”
But, once up on that soap box, he let us have his usual incendiary rhetoric.
Go read and enjoy, or not, whatever your opinions are.
January last year, I was squeezing white envelope in my hand. On the poststamp there was a bicycle and written "Holland" - I closed my eyes and said to myself "the most unusual strawberries of all strawberries have just arrived"....
After, Mandi went kinkying to sauna and Karla went geeking or culturing to theatre, the play was called "Ugly" hgmmm must of been interesting, and well me and Elina went shopping.
We would expect the release to have less of an impact on prices further out the curve, as the oil would be absorbed to meet current demand.
Prog rock may well be the last uncool genre of music. Sure, acts like Battles, Dungen and Deerhoof have given virtuosity and technical triumphs a new, cool, edge, but barely anyone dares to dip back into the ’70s back catalogue of Gentle Giant or Emerson, Lake and Palmer. (Outside of people who know who Porcupine Tree is, the only popular example that comes to mind is the Decemberists’ Hazards of
In my 2006 article on this topic, I argued that borrowers who have not fully exploited all tax-advantaged investments, or who have high-rate credit card balances, are unlikely to have the iron discipline required to invest the cash flow savings on their mortgage month after month. But the financial planners who wrote me argued that they have developed special plans for borrowers in such situations that provide the discipline that is required. But until I see such plans along with evidence that they work, I will remain skeptical.
Easy Bake Oven I also did not have an Easy Bake Oven
He certainly has been able to educate himself in a way that he might never have been able to do as a practicing lawyer. It’s a funny way to get an education.
It should be. It could be. It might be.
into a"Full of Flowers" project. Or we made a matching item with the theme
Kallenbach, according to the editors of CWMG, viewed Gandhi as “a friend, and companion, mother and mentor”. They also mention the secret pact between the two to address each other as “Upper House” and “Lower House.”
Okay so last but not least I want to give away some Lady Bug Blog candy. You will get everything you need to create some adorable ladybug embellies and I will buy you the amazing Lady Bug paper piecing. All you need to do is go and check out the Facebook Fan Page and tell them Theresa and/or Scrapping In Heels sent you over to see the amazing new designs. Leave a comment below letting me now you did to please. I will pic a winner on Friday.
Knigge’s strategy gave impressive results and allowed the Illuminati to become an extremely powerful movement.
20-40 small paper snowmen
On Thursday morning I was surprised to see these two young stags in the field just below where I park the car. Having looked in vain for nearly a year I saw the deer three times this week as they were up on Big Moor on Wednesday too but only on the skyline and much too far away for photographs. I shan't be around for the next week as we are off to our house in Lancashire today. I hope the weather turns out better than the forecast which appears to be wall to wall rain!
Context on the show: Bart comes knocking at Milhouse’s place at an early hour in an attempt to get his soul back. Milhouse’s grandmother is staying with the family, however, and she’s filled with panic at the thought of an emergency that would require such an early morning caller, prompting her to shout out the above.
“They can only be described as inflammatory in nature and we are obviously concerned that their distribution in Lancashire could damage community cohesion.”
Cumin (Jeera) seeds - 1 tbsp.
14.) A Life Magazine Article Changed My Outlook On Life - NOT EXACTLY, Life
Why to read -
So we made each one of the kids something homemade this year. Granted I can't seem to remember for the life of me what we made our lil Ape baby...hmm.
Wow. Since I gave up bread for a few weeks I’ve really saved some coin. I thought I was spending a boatload o’ cash on gluten free items and I was right. Yikes. So to celebrate Easter I decided to make a gf/vegan banana bread for a friend (one slice for me- I’m a weak mortal). I adapted a recipe from Babycakes cookbook. This one called for chocolate chips and vanilla and cocoanut oil. I substituted sunflower oil, vanilla seeds scraped from a pod and cocoa powder.
But that doesn't mean that I don't like to be showered with treats, in fact I insist on it.
I was captured in a fairy tale with autobahn thoroughfares and fast cars, stores with shelves overloaded with a myriad of products. Instead of one government-issue of an item, a selection? Instead of hoping to find an item, a choice?
She was a lone parent in the 50s and spent hours reading to me, pointing at the words as she did. I'm told that I was fluent at three. I can certainly remember being bored to bits chanting with the class as the teacher turned the big book pages (yes, even then!)
Ooh, it makes me wonder,
Founded: 1948
(d) The Absent Father, Mother and Authority figures: Heb 13:5, Isaiah 49:15
When I was pregnant with my twins, I thought they were both girls. When I found out baby A was a boy I was very surprised, it was if I never knew I could create one of those. Maybe I was just hoping for a girl.
There is a lot that would be said..
We close this week’s Scholarship News with Jenna’s message of gratitude to the Folds of Honor Foundation and ThanksUSA supporters:
4 Honey Bee 2:32
Tonight will be the night. I’ve decided. I’ve got everything I need. I’ve made sure my housemate’s out. No-one’s going to stop me.
Lemon*
The question, however, is whether the revolution that Jesus came to initiate has reached into your heart and mine. No matter how long you have been a disciple of Jesus, there are parts of the revolutionizing of your heart and mind that have yet to be realized. Ask the Spirit for the power to change and not to resist.
Every mother tries to start out doing everything just right for their perfect baby. Every maternity check up is in anticipation for that child to come and be with you. That excitement of watching a child grow inside of you and come out and then watching and waiting for that child to grow into an adult. Every step of the way, most aware parents try to do what is right and best for that young person.
Through the flowers.
Recently I asked Radford what she was reading. Her reply:I’m almost embarrassed to admit it, but I’m currently rereading Mansfield Park for, oh, about the 87th time. I have a bit of a Jane Austen obsession. Not only is she a beautiful, timeless writer, but there is also something so soothing about her novels – that elegant sweep towards a well- ordered ending - that I reach for them a little as if they were comfort food. I always notice something new on each rereading. This time it was the brilliantly waspish way she managed to pin down a character (Mr Rushworth) in half a sentence: “He was a heavy young man, with not more than common sense...”) – a salutary lesson on the power of brevity. I did find, as usual, that I was cheering on the villains of the piece (the witty, lively, amoral Mr Crawford and his sister) while despairing at her supine goody goody of a heroine, Fanny Price. In this novel, it almost feels as though Austen is arguing against herself, painting liveliness as a dangerous quality and championing a docile, downtrodden girl who could not be further from her usual strong-minded protagonists. Elizabeth Bennett seems like a much more instinctively written, and likeable, heroine (yes, I must have read Pride and Prejudice 192 times). I’m still enjoying Mansfield Park, though – there is something so irresistible about the “triumph of the underdog” narrative running through it that I’m sure this will be far from my last rereading.
If you buy the retail disc or the full Undead Collection DLC you also get the previous few DLC packs which are strictly online but give you access to new gang hideouts and the ability to play poker and liar’s dice online (both brilliant) and also take part in horse races, along with a new territory based Free Roam game called Land Grab.
“I always want the best for you – in your career and in your personal life, I want you to be happy, I want you to have everything you want, and I will continue to pray that you have all of these things. I love you with everything I have, and more than anyone; I always will.” Sam to The MIC.
While the Brotherhood intends to temporarily honor Egypt’s international pacts, al-Bayoumi told noted, “each side has the right to reexamine the treaty.”
LLL: There’s no such thing. There are only happy moments.
We skedaddled out the back window. There was very little time to find the Bookmaker, Ms. M’s uncle. Paul and I made it to the station and hopped the next train out of Moscow.
Zoom while editing!
The State has emphasized the need to strike a balance between economic growth and such factors as social justice and ecological sustainability. It is time to enhance economic restructuring, so that there will be enough skilled labor to undertake sophisticated tasks with high added value and accelerate growth in both quantity and quality. Wages will also jump as a result.
The Dunes (yes, a full on venue change… last minute!!!)
This album was titled "If friends were flowers, I'd pick you) so of course I had to combine the wonderful Tattered Floral die with beautiful tiny Prima flowers for the centers. I even went so far as to create my own little rose using the Tattered Pine Cone die. Tim shared this technique on his blog back during the 12 Tags of Christmas and I have wanted to try it so I finally did and I LOVE how it turned out! I actually managed to do it without the toothpick so that is even better for me as I rarely have then around and when I do, my boys think it's time to play with them and they disappear again! Simply adorable and seeing as I LOVE adding flowers to projects, it's good to know I will never have to hunt for that perfect flower again as I can create my own co-ordinating ones with ease.
Everytime I go away to a crop that is overnight, Kristen sends me with one of her pigs. This time Football Pig was able to come with me. Here he is checking out my supplies to make sure that I have everything.
Olette: Yessy, yes, YES! Can I wear one of my blue skirts? And will you braid my hair?
Will all this work? When you look at Romney you see a wealthy businessman, a Mormon of inherently moderate instinct, a person who is conservative in his personal sphere but who lives and hopes to rise in a world he well knows is not quite so tidy. He doesn't seem extreme.
When I finished with my first whole notebook, I was on a veritable writing tare, but my first novel was far from being finished. Shame on me for thinking that I could get it done in just one. Then I found the deal of a lifetime. 10 for a buck! And these were kick ass notebooks too…unperforated, plastic cover, big fat lines. I bout died when the Wal-Mart stopped carrying them. Here they are. Yes I saved them too…
to a man..
It wouldn’t happen now; but still,
The colour was a lovely looking translucent garnet.
Application form
Many stories that begin this way end much worse. Another colleague recently wrote about the final defendant to be sentenced in the beating death of 19-year-old James Robertson in East Ocean View five years ago. In that case, a swarm of gang members attacked Robertson and two friends. Robertson's friends got away and called for help; police arrived to find Robertson's stripped, swollen corpse.
It’s perceptive of you to notice the Veil’s thinner in the small hours. That’s what I’ve always thought, too. If you see things in the corner of your eye at that time of the night, you’re probably seeing through the Veil.
See the smile awaitin' in the kitchen
I blame no one but myself.
I coloured up THE CUTEST image and made THE CUTEST card I just had to share. (see Bren, I'm not always humble!..LOL!) And I figure this will give you plenty of time to get inspired if you are one to make Easter cards.
“Some of them were followed by powerful ash bursts and avalanches,” a spokesman for the service said.
About a month ago I was at the doctor with the hubs. As I was sitting in the waiting room I noticed a new mother and her baby. The baby was adorable, as all babies are, and the new mom was in awe with her little bundle. After a while we began chatting. You know, the normal "your baby is too cute" conversation. At some point, she shared with me that the baby had spent a couple of months in the NICU due to being diagnosed with meningitis soon after birth. Naturally, I told her about Footprints Ministry. After a few minutes into our conversation it was obvious she was in need, so as she and her mother (the baby's grandmother) were leaving I gave her my contact information and told her to please let me know if I could do anything to help her.
A part of me is AMITY.
I also felt like maybe I was in New York or San Francisco. Uber hip with KILLER thriftshop art on the walls (I wanted to steal it all), amazing logo, friendly owner, excellent service, adorable dog waiting for his owners to eat tacos... ambience fabulous.
Perdue Whole Grain Frozen Chicken Nuggets, Tenders, or Strips $1.00/1 - expires 3/31/2011
Happy Mothers Day to all of the Moms out there. Enjoy the day. Here at the Bunker, the kids and I are having a disagreement with the Mrs. about dinner. Its not what we are having, Pork Roast, with potatoes (baked or mashed) Corn, maybe a salad or something else, but who is cooking dinner. My wife thinks she is cooking her Mothers Day Dinner. She has been told no, no way, no way in hell, and you and what SWAT Team is stopping us from letting you cook.
Elf ... USA ... 11 AM
Noah!--The Dixie Four (Dixie Four 107; Indianapolis IN)
We decided to use inner tubes to sled with. So we went to the store and looked for some. But all they had were ones for water. But we thought, 'what the heck!' and got them anyway. This will be important later in the story.
I'm sure I almost hear the plants smacking their lips when it's time to add this 'Sweet Garden' product!!! Of course, we're lucky that we live close to sugar cane farm country, so this is locally produced in our region, and not very expensive.
2 correlated
Anyhoo, with Christmas rapidly approaching I thought I'd share with you some super cute gift ideas for stocking stuffers or the perfect accessory to go with your Christmas outfit or the little lady in your life's dress. My friends at Rockin' Bowstars have been busy creating some gorgeous clips and headbands just for the holidays. Check out a few that I've got my eye on. : )
Yep, it is the wet hands technique. Certainly one of the most popular among most women polled. So simple. So exciting. You will leave her absolutely breathless.
Today is our first full day back since we came back from PA again. This is the real deal, because I don't have that thought of 'Oh I'll see everyone in two weeks when we come back to York' in the back of my head.
“Market conditions improved across the board, even from the rather strong level of three months ago,” said NMHC Chief Economist Mark Obrinsky. “Demand for apartment residences – and apartment properties – continues to grow. We anticipate this increasing further in the coming years due in part to the large number of younger households moving into the housing market and a greater preference shown for renting.”
Two weeks ago, our clients visited the neighboring village of Orr, where they met with women of the same socio-economic background who have successfully engaged in “kitchen gardening.” This method of small-scale vegetable production involves very little or no land, and mostly organic inputs. Home-grown vegetables significantly increase nutritional levels while also contributing to income, as families can sell excess produce. Our clients also received a demonstration on gunny-bag gardening, which is essentially a garden in a bag that grows along creepers against the walls and roof of the house.
...and the Short:
Paint for small table- free leftover from another project (but $5 was original price)
It doesn't matter if you have decided to get your degree online or are going after it in person; you are taught how to write properly. Sure, you may not be a History or English major, but that 10 page paper you just wrote is teaching you a very valuable skill. Being able to write well is a necessity with any career. One day you may have to write a 50 page report and then present it.
Is this what you wanted
I was determined not to top up the charcoal but retrospectively I think another 1/2 kilo after the first hour would have sped things up a bit.
If I still could get in touch with the men who chopped the pipe off because it would be easier to fit the facial board, then I would. However, after ten years I feel that they are long gone from our lives.
I know that there are horribly sad circumstances in abundance each day all over the world. I know that is true. But right now, these circumstances that my friends & acquaintances are walking through are weighing heavy on my heart. I don't know much how to pray, and I don't have many encouraging words to offer.
The fourth factor, Abdullah said, was the government’s affordability which was aided by a marked increase in tax collection and a more prudent execution of expenditure.
That’s it. No light, no feathers, no voices. I even stood there too long waiting for it and got hustled along by our priest. At that point, even a burning bush would have been welcome. Chalk it up to reading too many books about the lives of the saints. I don’t know. Plus, bishops weren’t supposed to wink, were they?
On the inside, I placed a 2-1/2″ blue scalloped circle off-centre to the right and added the sentiment. Beside it, added a turtle. I stamped and embossed the turtle on some designer paper I had that was various shades of green, which reminded me of a tortoise shell. So, there you have it. A bit of insight into what goes through my head when planning to make my cards.
Because all my pens and papers are in the container I played a little bit with my computer...
In 1944, Wingate was promoted to Major General and given command of six brigades (totaling 15,000 men) for use in long range penetration. The penetration was to coordinate with a British invasion of Burma and would operate from airstrips that they would construct for resupply.
A mild feeling of hope
Good night,
But when Adam graduates and takes an Off-Broadway job in New York—at Nate’s insistence—that certainty begins to flicker. Nate starts a blog to vent his frustrations and becomes the center of a school controversy, drawing ire and support in equal amounts. But it is the attention of a new boy who is looking for more than guidance that forces him to confront who and what he really wants.
'All Ashore who's going ashore!' Remember that pronouncement?
A people need the numinous things in life – religion, art, culture, a wholesome countryside. The numinous is a feeling of, and a need for, the sacred, the holy, and the transcendent; not just the material and the hedonistic.
Click-through rate is simply the percentage that users click on your ad. For example, if 100 users saw your ad, and 2 people clicked your ad to visit your website, your click-through rate would be 2% (2/100).
Blondes have more fun, as the old Miss Clairol ad used to tout, but in the company of a twenty-foot-tall ape, a little fun goes a really long way.
However, I seriously wanted this $5 goat. I thought it would be a great (and cheap) alternative to a lawnmower. I'd read that they could be walked on leashes like dogs, and could even be trained to carry packs. For helping when I hiked to the liquor store, for example. But I knew I'd be met with the same opposition as when I'd approached the North Mankato mayor (actually, I accosted him when he was jogging down the street one day) about raising chickens in my backyard. "No, they're smelly," he'd said. "And noisy."
There is something intrinsically appealing to me in a scene of water and land meeting, the reeds and lily pads and the stones and muck underneath. It is comforting for me to watch such a scene, but I would never step into it and wrap myself in the water’s lapping embrace because I am terrified of the bottom of lakes. The muck and stones and worms and leeches and turtles promised under water, the same things that seem to evoke serenity in me when I look upon them, disgust and terrify me when I enter into the picture. Instead, I simply find comfort in the view.
There are of course, bits that cause me some confusion. For instance, I didn't want to be a Buddhist this Wednesday, but didn't want to wimp out without good cause; everything worth doing needs discipline. But then my youngest daughter forgot that her room had been changed around recently. She misjudged a corner and tripped,falling straight into a wall and allowing her tiny, romanesque nose take the full force of the hit. The screams were no doubt heard on your street too. The nose bled and became swollen and there are the dark, tell tale thunder clouds of bruising threatening her from under the skin. No chanting for me that night, oh no!
It was a cold winter’s day when Paul asked for a buttered bun. He was watching music videos on the TV (he loved watching music videos) and Lise was playing quietly on the floor, building bricks, wearing just a nappy.
Left Hand Brewing Company Jackman's American Pale Ale
So, Logan, this post is to say that I didn't forget you, but that I haven't created the perfect card yet.
2 tbsp of tomato and chilli pesto (or failing that passata is fine)
The habit of reading trends towards a habit of action. The hope is to have more actions of the variety I desire.
The instructor was a friendly guy in his late 20s who started by giving us a brief history of wine. He then explained a technique for tasting wine, using the five ‘S’s – see, swirl, smell, sip, savor.
1. Link to your tagger and list these rules on your blog.
I was stunned. So Kaye ASKED for this? And Lexi baited me out too? I felt to slap the girl, but I couldn’t. I just nodded and looked at Elijah apologetically.
Six months - (huge exhale of breath) surely my medal is in the post? The little assistant is slowly coming around to the possibility that they could be something other than extremely noisy things that take up time with his Dad. When anyone asks me how it is, I just respond with "relentless" - all elements of it (especially the laundry)! We are so blessed and we count our lucky stars on a daily basis that we were so fortunate to have three healthy and happy sons.
“Back then the system was different,” Jackson said. And while the system “back then” put him in prison, he’s sure glad the system now cleared his name. Williams had a different explination: “See, this is a miracle.”
Bathroom Mirror Cabinets
It was in the 20's here this morning but we may be seeing temps. in the 60's by the end of the week here in Pa.!!
Inside the card: The white mat is 4 1/2" x 6 1/2", and the pink polka dot mat is 4 1/4" x 6 1/4". The chocolate bunny is 3 3/4", and the Happy Easter sentiment is printed and then cut at 1 1/2". The smaller white mat is 3" x 3 3/4". The smaller blue mat is 2 3/4" x 3 1/2", and the smaller yellow mat is 2 1/2" x 3 1/4".
Consider this: you propose a girl and she refuses. Of course, you are sad. But then think about an alternate reality. Had she not been brutally honest about her rejection of you, you’d be with someone who didn’t want you in the first place.
Unsurprisingly, the headline has been widely criticised. The Everton and former England full-back Phil Neville tweeted – “Have u seen front page of the sun this morning disgraceful journalism-what chance have we got!” – while a former editor of the tabloid, David Yelland, described it as “cruel” and “hurtful”. He tweeted: “So little compassion for Roy Hodgson today, bullying language, pointlessly cruel, pointlessly hurtful.”
Now it is time to break out the colors! I once again pull out the baggies of crayons from the HUGE box of crayons. Students then color in each box a different color from the baggie- I don’t care if mine use the exact ones from the Renaming Crayons sheet. I just let them use a variety of colors. I do encourage them to not let the same colors “touch.” When students finish coloring, then the glue the poem in the center.
Kudos to the writers and producers of Glee for giving the LGBT youth of today something to remind them that there is more out there than sex and that they matter and that they are worth it. I can’t help but think about how my life would be today were my friends Ed and Christopher still alive to talk to me and to be with me as I matured into an adult. Unfortunately, this big disease with a little name took them away way too soon and I miss then dearly.
In a large bowl take half of the flour and add salt to it. Make a well in it and add the eggs, oil, honey and remaining water in the well. With a whisk beat vigorously for a minute. Switch to a wooden spoon when the dough clogs the whisk. Add the remaining flour 1/2 cup at a time and keep mixing with the spoon until soft shaggy dough that just pulls away from sides of the bowl forms. Then transfer the dough to a lightly floured kneading surface. Knead for 8 – 10 minutes at least.
All behavior is communication. I believe that, i live it everyday with the children i visit and serve. Just like any other form of communication, behavior needs to be understood in order to respond properly. We must listen look and then repsond to this form of communication. If we don't we will not understand how to either extinguish it or help it to flourish. Yes flourish! not all behavior is unwanted!
I need to learn to teach/model behavior so that my child does not make decisions solely from a fear of disapproval. I have created that. I need help undoing it. Can you help me?
1. Shame
i miss being away from everything, being away from home .. i miss how you can catch a tube to the middle of nowhere i miss my flatmates..
By Friday, I should know...right?
before her own!
Much of the reason for this was the inventiveness of a man named Washington Duke. Coming home from the Confederate army in 1865, he returned to his farm almost broke but with a determination to succeed that would lead to the building of one of the largest companies in the world.
Lou tells it best, “Hillerman was a warm and kind gentleman, who made me extremely proud and grateful to bring such an iconic character to life. Every once in a while, we get blessed with the kind of writing that brings out the best in us and challenges us to bring our hearts, minds and souls to a role completely. Funny thing is, he could write the words so very eloquently but had a little more trouble making them come out of his own mouth.”
Here is the overall photos of my room...it is my box room so it is so small you can sit in the middle of the room and touch all both walls.
I remember buying that first album and thinking that this woman had one amazingly powerful voice!
Project Postcard:
But still counting upon
I was looking through my attic and found an antique phone, that actually still works (well sort of!) I took it downstairs to let my nephew try it out. He of course had no idea what that silly thing was, he certainly didn't think it was a phone! It also gave me the perfect opportunity for a cool layout.
Sunday: Relax with my hubby
For the past two years, Eternal Summers have been steadily putting out scrappy, lo-fi jangle pop that is wonderful. Their cover of Guided by Voices' "Salty Salute" for the Guided by Guided by Voices cassette is a particular gem. Chances are though you haven't heard it or of Eternal Summers because you would rather put a pencil through your school then hear "Scrappy, lo-fi, jangle pop" no matter how great it is. Shame on you if that is true. However, recently the band collected all their previous material in batch and released it at as Dawn of Eternal Summers. Apparently the band also used that compilation release to start stretching their sound as well.
My biggest thrill in life is helping people see their own gifts. It's a shame that so many people aren't aware of just how creative they are. Have you ever been in a conversation with someone who just cooked a magnificent dinner for a big party and they're lamenting the fact that they have no talents? Or the person who whips up dozens of beautiful, hand- knit scarves for the holidays and wishes they were creative when they hear you've published a novel? My jaw drops and I want to shake them by the shoulders until they realize just how gifted they are. :-)
I used "Tilda with apron" from Magnolia´s easter collection and used her to decorate a little album that I made with my Bind-It-All. Inside there is one sheet for each day of the week where I can write down the challenges that start this day. I used a light blue color to stamp the flourish - by Magnolia as well - on the inner pages, each time on a different place and direction and used different parts of it to decorate the tabs as well.
That was then in 2004. Now, in mid-late 2009, after the LTTE was vanquished, these tuyilam illam are no more. My information from journalists and Tamil people[iv] is that they have been bulldozed and obliterated by the army as the enforcing arm of a Sinhala dominated government. This can be deemed an act of desecration. It calls for condemnation. This essay is an indictment of this act, a protest that flows logically from the essay on “The Tamil Tigers and Their Practices of Homage.”
Now get a cuppa and check out the superb designs the DT have come up with once again. Thanks gang.
To be honest… I was a bit bored this afternoon. There is only so much writing about Tort a man can stand.
There ARE however rifles that fire larger diameter bullets, and even heavier bullets; they just fire them at much lower velocities.
Both of these may seem nit-picky to some, but if we are going to assume an inerrant Word of God, divinely inspired, not written by mere man, especially if we further believe that every word is literal, then even small mistakes and contradictions become statements either of an Author’s character, or of our scribes’ reliability.
106. Beautiful days that are the epitomy of spring - heavy, dark downpour, then the sun breaking through so powerfully, blue skies overtaking the grey, a rainbow appearing, the freshest scent imaginable in the air, and then a misty rain again, but this time with the sun remaining...glorious and perfect.
One has to await the Court’s verdict.
1. TAKE ME TO YOUR PARTY
The possessive correction? Meh. Yes, it should be "Mr. Tyler's" but it was a little hard to see where he put the apostrophe. It almost looks like a comma for the sentence above instead of an apostrophe in the sentence he wrote. He needs to work on his penmanship, but fine motor skills are one of his challenges common amongst those with autism. That's part of why he's in private OT once a week.
Maria - another in a long line of injured, but persevering dance stars. Do we believe that Maria has a broken foot? I dont know… I’m a sceptic, so I tend to believe the doctors are actors too. The judges really seemed to give her some leaniance in their scoring this week – she pretty much won the night, but I don’t think she was the best she’s ever been.
Off to states - it was interesting to see it all first hand - Chionia did so well and the scores reflected all the hard work her and her 2 friends had put in - They entered at Level 1 trio so they work as a team :) At the end of the night they were named winners overall and also took first place for their dynamic routine and their balance routine - we have a state champ in the house rofl!!!!! :) Well done gorgeous - we are very very proud!!!!
Look for the name of a writer, or Web site manager, and if no contact information is listed, do a WhoIs search by typing “whois www.site-name.com”. Be sure to include the quotes. That will tell you who registered the site, which is a good place to start on smaller Web sites. Look for phone numbers, e-mail, and fax numbers, and follow up your initial communication.
- 3 tablespoons of brown sugar
-I then would have kissed your forehead and stroked your head for the last time and you would have closed your eyes and took your last breath peacefully.
Kristina LaMothe, Kristen Turner, Anna Williams, Kelsey Hensler started giggling the second they came into the room. It wasn’t hard to figure out that this was going to be a fun project. This daring group of students went through old books on student rules and became very interested in the rules that were assigned to students about relationships and dating. Their presentation brought both curious stares and ecstatic giggles throughout the room.
Are you all sorted for Mother’s Day? What are your plans?
* President Washington; the president General Patton; the general
Later in the documentary, she says, "The communities, they are the experts." That actually suggests a tension: sure, communities should be consulted, but how to balance community input with issues of city-wide importance? We're still working on that.
It was not always like this. Western man used to have, not a home, but a Home.
Sono cantanti e musicisti.
Move this layer under the paper layer.
Yo ho ho, the wind blows free,
Article 23
After ten-plus seasons of spring ball between both kids, with absolutely amazing, generous coaches, I know that the coaches do it for the love of the game and the love of their kids and the joy of seeing other people’s kids work hard to reach their potential.
Green like a forest with farms scattered throughout.
Not much to report in that area, obviously I'm focusing on the leg work as I can't lift any weight with my left hand. So I mainly work on my core muscles and legs.
I know that we have a national day of prayer coming up. I wonder if it will be celebrated and publicized like this Earth day? Church of Jesus Christ
SANGUINI'S: A VERY RARE RESTAURANT IS HIRING A CHEF DE CUISINE. DINNERS ONLY.
For Nietzsche then the ‘slave-morality’ has distorted our view of what is truly ‘good’ (praise-worthy in the Classical sense) and the ressentiment of the slaves has distorted their masters into ‘evil’.
The first time I went to SEMA, I spent 2 entire days and STILL did not see the entire exhibit! It covers every square inch of the Las Vegas convention center!
- Lancôme Trésor in Love
07:43
may or may not titillate
Students should remember their donations each day for this year’s service project. All money collected will give back to our own community as well help The Refuge this year.
We entrusted Ling’s mum to order the best dishes that the chef can make while we went to check out the deck. The deck is off the Straits of Johor supported by wooden planks at the bottom. Although it creaked as we walked on it, it’s quite structurally sound. We then ventured out to the jetty and soaked in the view of Pulau Ubin in front of us and Singapore in the far distance. I suppose they get a lot of hungry Singaporean tourists who would come into Johor looking for cheap food? Mind you, at the time of writing, 1 Singapore dollar is equivalent to RM 2.50.
- Elizabeth Kim, Ten Thousand Sorrows (pp. 214)
“Because she doesn’t want to be here. She’s only here to help you.” David turned to Ann. “Forgive me, Ann. If I have anything wrong, please correct me. You were ready to go. You didn’t want to go, but once you realized you were dead, then you were ready to move on. But then when you saw that he wanted to stay, you felt bad that he might be alone, so you stayed with him. You are a wonderful soul.” David turned back to Chris. “You, on the other hand, were not about to leave until your questions were answered. And for discretion, I will stop there.”
How To Destroy A Country — Part 1
Honestly, I don't remember what happened next. I'm pretty sure I let my doctor know of my reaction, but I don't remember going back to see him right away. By this time my husband was on his way home for 2 weeks of leave, and I thought maybe the headache was just stress. It HAD just started right before the crazy back-to-school schedule, so I thought maybe having him around would relieve the stress and the headache. I even planned a weekend away at a lake with a couple friends while he was home. After my trip to the lake ended without relief, my husband went with me back to the doctor. It was then that he decided it was likely upper back and neck strain (I have a bit of weight to lose and a more-than-ample chest, so my back, neck, and shoulders are always tight). He prescribed a muscle relaxant and physical therapy.
Every once in a while, an ad as bad as this will bring me out of my blogging coma to post it so you all can cringe with me. Here, Internet Explorer attempts to be funny, ironic and self-deprecating - and fails.How can you miss with the always hilarious go-to: guy getting tackled from offscreen! How about cats! Everyone loves cats! CUPCAKES? HELP! WE SUCK AND WE KNOW IT!
The band's don't-give-a-damn underdog and outsider status is reflected in songs like "Matinee Idol," where Roger sings about pursuing a girl who's "running with the 'A' crowd/My 'C' plus is not allowed/But I've got the nerve/and I hope you're grading on the curve." He pictures himself as an overseas movie star (as opposed to the standard Hollywood leading man) in the "foreign films you do adore/Well, I could be a matinee idol/with the yellow subtitles/But when the subject turns to a date/it does not translate." "Crown Victoria" is a tongue-in-cheek, laid-back ska tribute to trombonist Chris Malone's late model American car that, despite its regal connotation, is not a mode of luxurious transport for the band ("The Crown Victoria/You are my joy and pride/The longer the trip, the rougher the ride/Is that smoke beneath the hood?/You know that can't be good...). In life, sometimes function has to trump style, no? "Permanent Error" is a soulful, reggae-ish lament about e-mailing under the influence, and realizing that there is nothing in the world you can do to patch things up. Just move on.
Where in the $h*# is he?
Will Margaretha recover from her fundamentalism before it’s too late? Will Gösta deviate from a life filled with self-pity and broken hearted females? Film history demands that, in addition to these questions, we ask what Greta’s been up to all this time. The answer is not much, though the final act of the film is largely hers.
I was too tired to talk. I wanted to sleep.
‘Che freddo infernale!’ I said hopefully to my nearest old lady. ‘What hellish cold!’
And if you want a pocket, a piece for the pocket.
The first page of the Holy Bible proves that God has Authority over all the earth and over all creations and natures. We can find that from Gen Ch-1.
So, these are my fall birthday cards. Hope you found some inspiration!
A vision revealed nearly 34 years ago. A hope kindled. A promise sealed by His very Presence in my life. The thread woven through the searching, through heartache, through the births of six children and the loss of three more, through hard lessons revealing who I am and whose I am in ways that I could never have imagined.
F – Fast
11. It's Friday.
Sam Adams created their outrageously expensive Utopia at 24 and 27% alcohol. I guess they figured Beer Geeks would pay big bucks for a science experiment.... and of course, they did! Not many people will admit they paid the price today, but da bottle is really pretty!
Even though I've interviewed people like fashion scholar Valerie Steele, rock star curator Harold Koda, and Director/CEO of the AGO Matthew Teitelbaum, there is something about meeting Jeanne Beker that makes me nervous. On days like today, I really wish I had an assistant.
I was told by Pappa that they did find a couple blockages on the CT and he was eligible for tPA.
In 1933 this film has been banned from Italy apparently because the Italian Fascist Dictator Benito Mussolini thought Marx Brothers were poking fun at him, in person. It seems that Marx Bros. were ecstatic about it! In 1940 Mussolini, from Piazza Venezia’s balcony, made a bad Duck Soup’s parody when in front of a jubilant crowd he declared that Italy was entering the war alongside Germany (it seems that in newsreels there has been a little “reinforcement” to enhance the shouts volume). The end of the story is known (unfortunately, not a funny comedy).
Apparently the term transgenic is used instead of genetic engineering these days. These are things we must learn so that we know what is going on with our food supply.
I absolutely love how this Sympathy card turned out. The flowers are meant to be Florida Clematis. The flowers were made using good quality copy paper for the petals and printed paper from the retired paper pack Paper Garden.
34. Visited the birthplace of your ancestors France and Belgium but not Germany , Portugal and Holland.
Mother's Day also helped alleviate any lingering worries. My two made the best breakfast I've had in a long time. It was scarfed down and gone before I realized I should have taken a picture; the presentation was remarkable.
As he looks across the ocean
christmas eve night was spent playing santa's elves and I think that was the highlight of mine & tim's christmas. this time of year truly is better with the little ones around.
We are all united by wonderful colourful ties no matter where on earth we live, so of course anyone is welcome! I will post the winner on Saturday, 19 May.
What I do remember is Mike letting the big girls ride stuff that makes a mother cringe. And the little girls rode their first roller coaster. Even though it was small, it was really too much for them too because when it took off they slammed their heads back on the seat. I was behind them so I spent the rest of the ride hanging my arms over the seat to buffer their heads, which meant I couldn't hold on at all during this jerky ride. It was not fun, at least for me, but all the kids said it was their favorite thing.
27th Feb 2012 Monday Covent Garden, Jubilee Market
Let's begin.
Hey! Guess what? Elizabeth told me that she thinks you are really hot. She even mentioned that it looked like you'd been working out. She doesn't even care that you're losing your hair. And yeah, she digs your mustache.
This was my first whimsy face and not sure I really like it but it's just fun to play and paint.
Now, admittedly, I planned our schedule with absolutely no input from ‘experts’ and did zero research on the subject. It merely seemed logical to me based on my experience in public school – spending 3 months in the summer vegging out with no academic concerns and then spending weeks on reviews at the beginning of the school year catching up and re-learning what I’d lost. It seemed that not having that huge long break would eliminate that whole scenario.
The conversation Bobby listens to out on the ledge is being conducted by China Blue and the Rev. Peter Shayne, and it's a terrific example of the wacked-out chemistry that exists between Kathleen Turner and Anthony Perkins, as the two actors both seem to be giving it their all. Awash with purple, pink, and blue, the scene where the fake clergyman reluctantly shows the droll harlot the contents of his bag perfectly signified the go for broke attitude of the two performers. Besides, I also liked the names of the "disgusting array" of items he had in there. My personal favourite being: Foam Rubber Pretty Kitty.
Off to stamp some more!
When I first started writing my memoir I had a very different take on what I wanted to include. I wanted it to be more family history – mainly the dead relatives and my relationship with them – when they were alive. I’m not that weird. Some family flak, as well as some constructive criticism from another writer, steered me in another direction. My memoir is now my story of growing up a shy only child of elderly parents in the 1950s and 1960s when Dad is dying of cancer and the environment is old-school Catholic.
As well as youngsters time and time again clothe themselves in stool devices as a means to are living seat shells, regardless of, could said to be a performer as compared with to keep up a new pants.
Remember the few rules that we have - make sure it's new and family friendly, limit yourself to 2 entries please, and link your individual blog post to here while mentioning Jellypark Friday Friends. the complete list of rules is over on the side bar. you are welcome to use any images or stamps you would like, but a Jellypark image will get you an extra entry into the chance for Top 3. One winner will receive their choice of a digital image from the Jellypark store! :)
ginger - 1tsp grated
Well before I tell you what it is, I'll leave you to guess a for a little while...
For if you forgive men when they sin against you, your heavenly Father will also forgive you.
When to use: At the end of every game, no matter the score. Emulating Homer by speaking your maxim from atop a noble stack of beer kegs is the surest way we know of to please the gods of college football.
i’m home! i have a party to attend, you wanna come with?
how hot and sorrowful
And walk with the men who for "freedom" you have let.
I think the rulers know their function. The rulers are the protectors of the Constitution. They should be above politics. Obviously politicians should not use the royal household for their political schemes.
And with the three affirmations, Christ also gives three commissions to care for His people and His church. And here is still more encouragement and grace for Peter and us — even after failure, there is still ministry. With Peter’s repentance there also eventually came more ministry. This is the work that Christ accomplished on the cross for both Peter and us — that which Satan would use to destroy us is redeemed by God and used for His honor and glory.
I’m not sure of the score in the battle for America’s soul, but the Red Team (not to be confused with Red State or for that matter, the Redskins, seen at right ), that is, the Social-Welfare Team, ran the score up from the 2008 elections until the 2010 elections.
They can fulfill their dreams together
Many countries have step up measures to combat corruptions, with many being successful and others gain support by their own regime; very much to mercy of the innocent ones. Bundling large projects with self interest siphoning of public funds are common sights in many countries. Some wealthy ones, protected by their powerful colleagues became richer. Whistle blowing remains rhetoric most of the time because those in power are accomplice to the corruption.
This ribbon is also gorgeous when it's been stamped on, but make sure you use an ink such as Archival so that it doesn't smudge and is permanent.
9. Writing well is a real skill. Although I believe that many, if not most, people could write reasonably well, very few actually do. Further, I believe that most people think they're good writers because they write every day—grocery lists, e-mails, birthday cards, &c. Literacy is not equal to writing ability. Good writers are rare and should be paid well for their work.
Next, I was in 6th grade. I wrote a love note to a girl. The teacher intercepted it. Crap. Read it out loud. Double Crap. I couldn't believe it. She was my first "girlfriend." The note was saying that I thought she was pretty and I wanted to go play with her after school that day. Wanna know who my second girlfriend was?...I'll tell you when I get one. haha.
(Marshall Cavendish Children)
In the wood faraway under me.
One day the two, uncle and nephew had a row. Harsh words spoken, not easily withdrawn.
star all eight of the girls
Here is the part I think you will like.....
Fermentation needs oxygen and food---breath of God and God's Word
Psalm 1:1-3 NIV
When I go to Phoenix to see my family I generally drive my mom's 12 year old Ford Taurus. (It only has 60,000 miles on it.) The perk to driving this car is that it comes equipped with a handicapped parking sticker so I can get those prime spots right by the door of most establishments. However, sometimes I forget that I have that all access pass to premium parking and wind up parking pretty far away. That's not a big deal except when it is 115 degrees in the shade at the height of summer.
That he had switched
The first moment i saw them i fell in love, wanted to start to play right away ,but sadly i have to throw in some food to the family from time to time, lol, so the rest will have to wait, at least until tonight, when all of the critters over here are in bed.
My mother, to whom he was married in 1942 (a complete fizzle of a marriage that lasted three years on paper though it was over in half that time), was omitted from mention in his obituary, and his second wife is described as his first. His third wife, to whom he was very happily married for many years, is Linda Fairstein, the former sex crimes prosecutor who is now well known for her thrillery crime novels. We had a warm friendship, my husband and I, as well as our daughters, with Justin and Linda, and the omission of my mother from the story of his life is strange, yet somehow it is not unexpected.
Hello readers! Crissie from Chicasaurus-Rex here! This Spring I've been seeing a lot of greens. Kelly, mint, neon and recently -- Pistachio. I've been a fan of pistachio ice cream ever since I was a kid and they served it for dessert at the Old Spaghetti Factory (where we only got to go for special occasions, of course).
This is a surprisingly common one. Many did not realise until the end that happiness is a choice. They had stayed stuck in old patterns and habits. The so-called ‘comfort’ of familiarity overflowed into their emotions, as well as their physical lives. Fear of change had them pretending to others, and to their selves, that they were content. When deep within, they longed to laugh properly and have silliness in their life again.
“Ekki múkk” is the first song made public and should be familiar to the fans by now
Words are the only tool I have
Qualify for Marathon Maniacs - DONE! - Accomplished 1/1/12!!! Maniac #4850
If you're not careful, changing Mac to Tom indiscriminately might make your characters eat tomaroni, hold a tomhine gun or put on a tom for the rain. On the other hand, changing Tom for Mac might make them eat macatoes, stroke a maccat or leave it till macorrow.
IT’S OFFICIAL – George W Bush is a war criminal.
I commit myself to not give up within my commitment and never lose trust in myself that I will go as far as I have to in order to overcome the obstacles
That is why Proverbs 21:23 adds, “If you want to stay out of trouble be careful what you say!” (GNT)
Our favorite coastal walks in Provence are along the soaring cliffs of the Calanques between Marseilles and the the bustling, small fishing port of Cassis to the east. We are delighted to hear that in 2012 this area of awesome sea views, rugged wilderness, and deep, fjord-like turquoise inlets that lead to golden beaches accessible only to walkers, is to become France's newest National Park. Come along with us for a stroll from Cassis for a preview........
Build a steely nest, a family’s testy nerves,
Colombia
Its good he threw in a random sister beating there at the end. We’ve got to keep it real you know?
..."You must be the change you wish to see in the world"
Dream rooms will be judged by a panel of home designer, including Vern Yip, House Beautiful Editor-in-Chief Newell Turner and HSN host Marlo Smith.
What do you think audiences can expect from Smudge?
- Businesses will face new mandates and costs.
Now, all my faithful fans (the ones who liked me before this contest), don't worry. I'm not forgetting you. All you have to do to enter this contest is to advertise for me. Post about it on Facebook and you get an entry. Post it on your blog... entry. Tweet about it... entry.
I am SO not a teeny weeny size.
I bought a few more of these so we now have one for each boy:
St. Petersburg is another important Russian city where the early rulers of Russia once lived. The city’s beautiful Winter Palace is a world-famous art museum. It was home to Russia’s royal rulers until 1917.
1 cup butterscotch chips
for that price, he will have made a nice profit from it since
To describe Angel Zapata’s short fiction as poetic, bizarre, and speculative dark horror is anything but fitting, because it doesn’t highlight the effect his stories have on the reader’s psyche. Zapata fiction brings horror to the edge of science fiction, mystery, fantasy, and literary, and then he spices it with traces of slipstream, erotica, and noir in a language that is both stunning and precise, ultimately delivering that meaty tale one expects.
Las Gardenas - Fabled fish taco place in Cabo San Lucas. It was off my radar. Pleasant, a bit touristy, good but not the greatest. Although where in Cabo is exactly better I couldn't say. San Jose has Rosey's and informal stands. The MECCA is out in the country in Todos Santos and Pescadero.
In French, the word "étouffée" means, literally, "smothered" or "suffocated", so this past weekend, I enjoyed making and eating Shrimp Etouffee - shrimp smothered in a tomato based sauce. And it was yummy. In fact, truth be told, I think it tasted even better the next day when I had it again for dinner.
5. Click on "Enter."
Dave Stewart, the executive director of Mr de Klerk's foundation, said he had taken a necessary risk in his speech. "He is an elder statesman and feels he has a duty to uphold the values he and Mr Mandela worked towards," he said.
12. Bake with steam for 45 min or until tops are golden. The loaves should have a very hard exterior (this will soften as they cool).
So there are two big lessons to take from Guber’s book and from the new science of storytelling. First, storytelling is a uniquely powerful form of persuasive jujitsu. Second, in a world full of black belt storytellers, we had all better start training our defenses. Master storytellers want us drunk on emotion so we will lose track of rational considerations, relax our skepticism, and yield to their agenda. Yes, we need to tell to win, but it’s just as important to learn to see the tell coming–and to steel ourselves against it.
A promising day of blue skies held a hint of rain. Some friends accompanied us to Snowbowl. We began a long trek up Mt. Humphrey’s. Our goal was to reach the summit, or at least the saddle. We had a time limit which pushed us faster than normal up this steep incline. On the way, we met someone who inspired us even as the strength in our legs nearly gave out.
Her unfeeling parts really got to me when Rue died. Okay, Rue was a main-ish character so okay, fans are going to be sad now that she’s dead. Yet there’s a dead guy that Katniss killed RIGHT NEXT TO THIS WHOLE FUNERAL. Hey, I didn’t know the guy but I’m sure he had a mate, maybe an older sister who beat him up, a father who loved him..I bet he was a funny guy. Why didn’t (in both book and movie) acknowledge his death other than with a passing glance? Katniss seemed unfeeling to me in these scenes. The lack of describing minor characters bothered me. And the way people have interpreted Rue.
Bert Stabler is a teacher, writer, curator, and artist living in Chicago. He feeds on the living.
There was a time when my hands were numb,
Time:
“We have a great relationship there with the coaching staff, obviously. I can call Coach Richt at any point,” Lewis said. “I think he’s very honest and frank with us about things. This is a guy (Charles) that wanted to know if he could come here today. He was ready to get on the plane and come (laughs). Those are the kinds of guys we have on our football team from there (Georgia) — very no-nonsense, all about football and winning. And they’re good people. They’re coached well, they’ve learned, they know how to prepare. It’s been a great place for us and a really comfortable place for our coaches and scouts to visit. We have a great relationship with them.”
Our living room often looks pretty messy when we get down but it isn't too hard to put to rights- though with all the fabric threads and scraps we do often have to vacuum too. The mess is worth the progress we make in my opinion however. Besides this morning time I also work on projects while I listen to my younger two kids read aloud to me and sometimes in the morning while I have my quiet time.
Steph Brouwers My artistic style could be described as archeology, ethnography. It is related to the idea of “Cabinet de curiosités”. It talks about roots, imaginary roots...It talks about the magic of childhood, the time when everything was possible. I use different media to express it: sculpture, jewelry, photography, painting, drawing.
After we exited the theater, I started uncontrollably sobbing.
Morning light in my eyes
Property investors – after acquiring a house or flat – tend to become primarily interested in the future rental income prospects, not the potential resale value of the asset.
it's time for a night swim.
Skirt: Old Navy, $8, Earrings: Old Navy, $4, Shoes: Kohls (Brooches added to shoes), Belt: NY&Co, $12, Shirt: Anthropologie, $20, Headband: Made by Me
The High Court has ruled that over 100 investment bankers at Dresdner Kleinwort Ltd (DKL) are entitled to receive a total of €50m (£40m) in backdated bonus payments. The decision hinges on a contractual promise which was made back in 2008 by Stefan Jentzsch, the former chief executive of Dresdner Kleinwort Investment Bank, that the employees would receive a share of a bonus pool irrespective of financial performance. When the global banking crisis hit, Dresdner lost more than €6 billion, and was later taken over by Commerzbank. The promised bonuses were not paid which resulted in litigation.
My next comment might sound familiar to those of you who have been following my blog since the beginning. Yet, at the risk of starting to sound like a broken record, I feel I must point it out. The movie did follow the book very well, but it still missed the essence of what made the book so good. Once again, it seemed like the move was including certain aspects because “they were in the book”, but didn’t develop them enough to actually make them mean anything on screen. The affair was included, but it didn’t seem to add anything to the story. It felt forced almost. Part of this could just be that the character development wasn’t there in the movie. I didn’t find myself caring for any of these people, so I certainly didn’t care that Donna was having an affair. The same thing could be said about “The Monster Words”. They were also included in the movie, but they were just suddenly there and being used and for someone who hadn’t read the book it would certainly have to come across as odd. And the whole lottery winning thing was also rushed and forced. Of course, this wasn’t something that could have been left out, as it was necessary in order to have the Cambers be gone when Donna and Tad come to drop the car off. But it sure felt unnatural in the way it was presented. Once again, not having the character development was part of the down fall. When Mrs. Camber told Joe that she bought him a present, now he needed to give her one, it just didn’t really make any sort of sense at all without knowing all of the background information from the book. The line, which worked very well in the book, actually sounded quite dumb to me in the movie (and I even knew said background information). It seems like the screenwriter just used whatever he could from the book to make his job easier, instead of developing a screen-worthy script that could have actually done the book justice.
You can check out the website I'm creating here www.mikaylasgrace.com. I just created it today, and it is still a work in progress but I'd like to share it with you all to get ideas. I'll post more later when I'm ready to start promoting our project, which I'm calling Mikayla's Grace. By the way, there is a button on the blog but for the life of me I cannot seem to get it to work, so don't put that on your blog. =) Once I get it fixed I'll update it.
Water count: 110 oz
On our blog you can read the latest news and participate in a monthly “challenge” where you can win amazing stamps! So don’t hesitate and come take a look at www.stempelstudio.blogspot.com Of course you’re always welcome to come by and visit us to browse around our stamps while sipping a cup of tea at Verzetlaan 31 in Schagen. But please let us know beforehand that you’re coming, because we do not have a regular store, but all the stamps are in Karin’s livingroom…
Goodies from my Mom-In-Law...3 boxes packed full of yarn in every color....inspires me to sing this little ditty from Louis Prima...:)
Ever wondered what these "normal" authors think about their books and their lives? Well, now's your chance to find out! All this weekend, you can meet a whole range of children’s authors – the beautiful and famous included – over at the Awfully Big Blog Adventure’s first ever online literary festival.
GasBuddy: a free app that depends upon users updating gas prices as they travel; as you approach your next potential gas stop, click on Gas Buddy to find the least expensive fuel in town - broken down by grades (even diesel);
"In traditional publishing we had three formats, each at a different price. They were targeted at specific channels of distribution and were released at different times. There was some discounting by retailers, but historically not much. Then discounting became more aggressive and the channels of distribution for the formats began to blur. Currently some books never appear in paperback, some books only appear in paperback, and some books are in the market simultaneously in hardcover and both paperback formats (at three different price points). The digital edition (in almost all cases at present) doesn’t change in format over time – there is no difference in what is actually being sold. So, how should the digital edition be priced?"
That, folks, is a twenty percent drop in the nation's alcohol consumption in just five years. Is that not newsworthy? Why wouldn't a state broadcaster think licence-payers would want to know a fact like that?
the swedish Vasa:
I recommend it for: Lovers of intricate family dramas, Latin American literature and stories with magic and fantasy.
Put about 2 cups of fresh preservative free, toxic free, whole wheat flour into it. Do not add water now, there will be little bit of moisture in the masala, so just mix with your hand, see the crumbled effect.
born: 1772
So, I decide smartly that I will make tomorrow more along Michael's more acceptable terms. I choose to put two Wintergreen Lifesavers in Door Number 7. Of course, two of the same flavor, but a new flavor for him to enjoy... He likes Peppermint, so Peter Elf should be scoring some big points with the Wintergreen. Content, I head off to bed.
2. Start mixer on medium speed, slowly adding little cut up blocks of cold butter.
a new life that is shaped and hidden in God
Have Scripture interpret Scripture. If Scripture uses a word in one way throughout Scripture and not another way, it is best to interpret that specific way in which it is used when the issue is in dispute. Thus, in which way is the word anamnesis used throughout Scripture? Merely remembering something, or is it a memorial offering in sacrifice in Scripture? For arguments sake for the moment, let us leave aside the way it is used in the context of the Lord's institution of the Eucharist, since that is in dispute. Let us see how the word anamnesis is used. Now, in the Greek Septuagint, the word zakar is translated as anamnesis four times, ... Let us see the context and quotations.
By “Breakthrough” I mean those athletes that achieved a new level of performance – in some cases moving up near the top of their event globally. Not just new PR’s but also consistency of performance. And all improved to the point where I think they are in a position to help the US in their medal search over the next couple of seasons.
I tell myself, Stop this endless whining and moaning. I can’t bear it.
Father, fill me with the knowledge of Your Will in all wisdom and Spiritual understanding in Jesus Christ Name! Amen!
During the meeting, at a restaurant in Petaling Jaya, editors were asked to share their views on Bersih 3.0 and comment on the alleged high-handedness of the police against journalists.
‘It was a lovely day for the drive,’ Nash remarked, ‘But devilish cold for drawing when we got to the hills…. The woods in the hollow below were crowded with wild pigeons which alternately sailed in the clouds over the tops of the trees or settled in the branches where they sat so thick the woods looked like monstrous orchards bursting into bloom.’
Hmm. Makes me think of Rabbits.
I don't think that I have one! If I truly believe in something, I will resolutely defend my belief, but I'm happy to let others believe what they will and celebrate the differences. Anyone who has a totally different mindset to me is not going to be among my friends, anyway. I'm not sure that this really answered the question.
Yes, I am entrapping interesting women into friendship with butter, sugar and cream.
September 30, 2008
In What Price Culture? David Throsby and Glenn Withers point out that, based on 1981 census figures, more people were employed by the arts than were employed by mining and agriculture — a point you also made in your inaugural address as chairperson. How important do you see economic considerations, such as potential for employment, tourism, and so on. being in determines the direction of the government’s arts policy in the future?
2. Paris theme night – get a baguette, some French wine, and cheese for dessert
Today is our 1 year Blogoversary and even though I decided to hold a special event in January, I couldn't go without saying something today.. One year ago I was talking to close friend and she said since I loved books so much I should start a blog. I thought why not. Even though I didn't think I would get much response I figured how fun it might be anyway.
More likely, perhaps, the Metropolitan Police did not want the world to know that only a few miles from the Olympic Stadium, and four months before the Games begin, a Russian hoodlum has been spraying around gunfire. It somewhat gives the lie to the notion that London is a safe city.
As you can see, no chance of being precious about writing novels at our place. To those readers who thought that the piano-playing Dom in The Lantern was too quiet and mysterious, all I can say is, if only...!
Family Christmas planning in the 21st Century could not be more complex, especially when your family extends all over the country. To the rescue - technology for all generations! Really, get the greatgrandparents and the little ones connected! We are having a jolly time cyber-connecting, menu and game planning. Greatgrandparents are Gen 1.0, and so on until you get the youngest ones in Gen 4.0. How lucky are we to have 4 generations celebrating together?!
Today, I have a smile in my heart. I ran home on lunch to grab a bite, and right behind me was the Fed Ex man. He hoped out jolly as an Elf, and called out, "Lindsay, this is Your Lucky Day!" I knew what he had for me, and he handed me the box, and ask for my signature, wished me a "Merry Christmas" and then off he went, bounding up the truck again before driving gown my street off to deliver another smile to someone.
However . . .
With the B.C. Provincial Liberal Govt. remaining relatively silent on the Enbridge pipeline, the NDP has sent a letter voicing its opposition and its reasons for its opposition to the Review Panel for the Northern Gateway Project.
...was enough to change her mind- I pray it was.
Carlo Nash, Andrew Davies, Tom Soares, Danny Collins, Salif Diao, Jonathan Woogate, Lewis Moult, Ricardo Fuller, Big Mama
Ps. Your parents are laughing at you! I know my mom is for SURE! She giggles something about payback or something. Yea…Yea…
I recently went back to NOLA for a quick business trip. I managed to squeeze in a visit to a fabulous southern/cajun restaurant, Luke. There's one in the city my bf lives in, so hopefully we can try it out soon!
We can hit 458 degrees below zero which is no heat, but we can’t go any further after that. There is no such thing as cold. Cold is only a word we use to describe the absence of heat. We cannot measure cold. Heat is energy… Cold is not the opposite of heat, sir, just the absence of it.
1 disguised
I don't mean stupid like misspelling February. I mean stupid like shooting meth, or piercing their eyelids, or watching Entertainment Tonight. The kind of stupid that can kill you or turn you into a zombie.
He will cut him to pieces and assign him a place with the hypocrites, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.”
Now, one of the main functions of having parents around is safety. Somebody needs to make sure the kids don't crawl under the trampoline or make sure kids' legs don't plummet through the springs while bouncing. Somebody needs to keep an eye out to ensure that roughhousing doesn't get out of hand, or that kids don't slip and bash their heads, or any number of other nightmare scenarios. It's really asking too much of one single teacher to watch 25 energetic little kids under such circumstances and ensure their safety.
When they had massive evidence of black-on-white, leftwing racism, they did nothing.
Speaking of sesame flavoured things, this was a dessert that we had at the end of one of our many dim sum sessions or yum cha (literally translates as 'drink tea') that the Chinese tend to refer to it as. They're little dumplings made from glutinous rice flower (tong yuen), rolled in an almond powder that are filled with a black sesame paste. Oh my, this was one of Hailey's favourite things and she definitely let out a little 'oooh' in nostalgia as she saw me putting the images together.
But it’s OK, because Michael Ironside is ready to one-up this ridiculousness as he commands his two BDSM Cenobite minions to go and kill McLeod. They point out that he is so old that he will die on his own soon anyway, but since we wouldn’t have a movie in that case, Ironside rejects that sensible idea and tells them to go to the future and kill him anyway. Hooray for illogical decisions!
Yeshua (Jesus) had the role of a prophet first (which would seem to be the linen turban), currently is a high priest (probably the blue threads), and some day, He will take up his rightful place on the throne of David, thus making him a king (the gold tzitz).
Since we’d waited a little late to actually plan this trip, our ticket situation had been tricky for the weekend days of the meet. It’s a huge event among Dutch speedskating fans, and most of the tickets sold out quite early; on this particular day, we had not been able to buy enough seats for the five of us, so John, Ryan, and I were ticketed in the standing-room-only corners, i.e. the party zone of the oval.
The Avocado (Scientific name, Persea Americana) is a native of South and Central America. It was also originally found in the Carribean. Sometimes avocado is also known as Aligator or butter pear. Some of avocado extract can be used as antibacterial chemical.
3 oz. fresh soft goat cheese
It’s one that has me puzzled because in my opinion, there’s only one answer. I mean, to put it simply, I can’t write anywhere other than my own house. If I try to write in public, I get the feeling I’m being watched and it’s incredibly distracting. Take the library for example – I’m sitting at the table with my laptop and Mrs Jones comes in and says hello to the librarian behind the desk, Mrs Pettigrew.
Whose laid back personally doesn't get ruffled about much of anything,
Marilyn even confided her deepest worry. “I’ve always wanted a baby,” she said. “Having a child, that’s always been my biggest fear. I want a child and I fear a child. Whenever it came close, my body said no and I lost the baby.” She talked to Schiller about being afraid that she’d wind up like her mother, who had been in and out of mental institutions her whole life.
Namnam Cafe (318 Wallace Avenue) is a fairly hip Vietnamese casual place which opened last year on the St. Matthews-Clifton border. It falls on to what is to my mind the wrong side of the divide (I’m still somewhat bitter about the time the St. Matthews police hassled me), but has much to recommend it: a bright, cheery ambiance, an apparently authentic menu, and a pleasingly diverse list of local beers. Generally speaking, I don’t go too much out of the urban core of the city, and I’m generally a bit dubious of Viet cuisine outside of the South End, so even though this was on my list, it was easy to overlook and I put off actually coming here for a long time. Their menu has a good range of standby casual-Vietnamese foods, including noodle soups, noodle salads, rice dishes, and the like: it also has four varieties of bánh mì: pork (analogous to a thịt nướng), chicken (gà), tofu (chay), and cold cuts (thịt nguội), all for $6 except for the thịt nguội, which is $6.50. We waited for some time, but it’s a sit-down place, and relaxation is the rule.
1 mortals
Happy Friday friends. Boy does it feel so good to get to Friday. I always love the feeling that Friday brings. For me, it's like a breath of fresh air...something to look forward to...a day to celebrate. Hope you enjoy your day.
A week later they had sex.
In all my Customer Service training sessions, I still refer to the quote called: The Moment of Truth
9. Song of the Wanderer
3 entering
These are assumptions, based on cultural clichés, stereotypes, and personal experiences, which I realize is unfair to all those who are not at all this way. I don't want to make the case that *all* French men are perves -- this is far from true. The assumptions can get you into trouble, and not just French assumptions. I assssssumed, that American men were all on the up & up. Guess Again!
Jigarthanda- OMG!! what an apt beverage to the climatic condition of the city the only place where this drink is found authentic is “Famous Jigarthanda Stall” on the East Marrat Street.
Ron has been concerned that he's not done enough the past four years. I told him that he has been busy concentrating on staying alive. I told him that God didn't call us to be perfect - that job was already taken by Someone else. Our job is to do the best that we can and we have done our best - as much as our human bodies and failings will allow - then we have done what was expected of us.
CR: I've lived in different districts of Paris (15, 14, 18, 3, 4 ... from west south to north and east). This sounds cliché, but I'm definitely in love with the Marais. The oldest, cutest, and most compact area ever. The problem is it's really expensive, so my flat (a cute duplex) is small, but I really enjoy living here. Shops are opened on Sunday, streets are beautiful, Seine is just around the corner, and I can really feel the heartbeat of the city.
The low ceilings and walls are blackened from decades of cooking smoke. Strips of meat hang like party streamers, drying from the rafters. The tiny shop is invariably crowded; the few tables are usually filled, so I always sit on a wooden bench, balancing my paper plate in my lap.
Robert A. Hall is the actor who plays the coroner on CSI if you watch that show. He also is a Marine Vietnam War veteran.
Honestly, I just hate it when they all show up at once.
Add your wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and start flipping pancakes!
Spend your time with the people that give you joy.
I commit myself to eradicate all doubt within my mind that we can make a difference by constantly and consistently flooding this reality with common sense which so many beings lack these days because they are flooded and preoccupied with different things like consumerism/happiness/love and other destructive/distracting manifestations
Yesterday she decided she wants a scooter for her present, so we found a great deal online and ordered it to arrive later this week.
Since the night when Abby had killed her first monster, Tawa had been the only one who ever truly knew her. Her parents had no sympathy for a child's wild imagination. Her friends at school could never know. Then as an adult, no one knew her secret calling. Tawa wasn't only her teacher and guide, she was her confidante and best friend. Her life was a little less lonely with the stuffed hippo.
My chest heaves against the weight of my own world, do I really need to carry the world of others?
I did enjoy using my rice cooker, though!! It was definitely nice to not have to worry about burning the rice. Thanks, Jill!!
Follow Us: Ipromotebydempo
this...
I understand you may not share my sentiments, and I don't expect you to, but that's how I feel. Please feel free to comment and share your thoughts.
Well, let's start this post with Friday. Last show. Somehow strange it's over. And I don't know why I've got drunk after two glasses of whiskey and a half glass (not even half I guess) of absinthe. Maybe 'cause I didn't eat anything the whole day. Maybe because I didn't drink for weeks ('cause I took antibiotics) or maybe even because of the antibiotics, Friday was the last day of my 10-days treatment (another thing I'm glad about. No pills anymore!). However, three o'clock was way too early and I felt way too drunk. But I didn't had a hangover next morning. If I remember correctly, I never ever had a real hangover. And this was the first or second time I felt drunk, but I guess I wasn't even drunk, 'cause when I was home I felt pretty well. Hm, enough about that. I shouldn't blog about drinking experiences :D I'm just glad I didn't have to drive home. That's another thing why I usually don't drink when I'm out.
illegal immigration. Even before one raises the argument of
Carrie Fundingsland – Good lighting – lamps, sconces, recessed, natural, you name it. I’m very particular about lighting. I also couldn’t survive without natural linen. Something about the texture, the color, the way it drapes – for me it’s essential. And, last but not least, my family. Without their love, support and encouragement, I’d be nothing.
Cool, Air-conditioned Abundance Transporter
And Kyle made this last year in the first grade. I remember hearing about this outing with his grandparents and Terry (I was out of town), and was delighted when I saw that he had chosen to write about it:
Spot the difference?!
We have been noticing how Buddy seems to favor his left hand when ever he wants to get something and are wondering if he will be left handed or if it's too soon to be able to tell.
Looks Like A Good Addition to Your Graphic Design Resources Folder
"Yeah"
"Frank? Are you in there?" It was his sister, Penelope.
It's probably a safe bet that the station will do SOME sort of public affairs presentation aimed at the underserved Akron area - which still misses the nightly news program on what is now WVPX/23, anchored in its most recent incarnation by "NNA" host Mansfield. The newscast ended its run on Time Warner Cable's "NEON" local programming channel.
Anyway, it will be good to see my "old" friends again, (I'm sorry), as I haven't seen some of them for nearly a year! And we only live 4 miles away from each other. Ridiculous, I know, but time just seems to disappear when you get old.
1. Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Roll out the pizza dough to the size of a sheet of paper. Spread a thin layer of pizza sauce over the dough. *If you do too much the sauce will make a mess when you roll and cut it, trust me I know.*
“So, Forest City Ratner, the gig is up,” James proclaimed rather conclusorily. “It’s time to go back to New Jersey.” The developer, in fact, has not been operating in New Jersey, but the Newark Star-Ledger recently reported on discussions--denied by Forest City Ratner--about a local consortium buying the team to play in Newark’s new Prudential Center.
And yet, everyone seems to be in constant search for love… even those already married or seeing someone! The quest for that “perfect soul mate” has ruined many a lives in the past and will continue to do so in the future… whatever happened to the concept of “Eternal love”? People use the word “love” to depict their ulterior motives… They often confuse love with lust, obssession and what not! Are we running behind an illusion, which is anything but love?
6. My blog buddies who stay with me even when I abandon my posts. (sorry about the pun - but not really!)
What is the strangest or most unusual experience you have had at a book signing, author event, or literary festival?
In the bathroom.
One thing that characterises the stories written by P. G. Wodehouse, whether they be sort ones or long – is the pursuit of love.
Stop the mixer, and gently fold in the toasted almonds and coconut with a spatula until well combined.
Sweater today
27. Piano (Hi Tek ft. Ghostface)
I had a recipe for a peach cake that I've been wanting to try. But that just didn't seem like it would fit the bill. I wanted comfort. I wanted chocolate.
21. Who was the best new person you met?
Pros: Any holiday where you are encouraged to eat until you want to vomit is 100% okay in my book.
Nicolas Chamfort
Just kidding. It's called River Country. Disney opened a water park called River Country in 1976. It closed in 2001 and then permanently closed in 2005. It had rides, a lake, a kiddie pool, and it was on Bay Lake near the Contemporary Resort and Fort Wilderness. It was meant to resemble an old-fashioned swimming hole. Here's the weird thing though:
Score: N/A
deep inside his heart
There was no further rain, but we hit roadworks a couple of times, leading to quite lengthy delays. As it was getting darker I kept on checking the GPS for nearby hotels, but there was nothing, really. We just had to keep on going. It was quite hilly, and the scenery was lovely. Some hills resembled those around Ipoh.
And yes my friend, that’s how tedious writing can get. Specially for someone who doesn’t have it naturally like me.
little pieces of art.
The family she went to was so excited.
Iván Meade – Your website mentions that you started your own firm after becoming pregnant with your first daughter, have your children inspired your work/career in any other ways?
There is nothing that it makes sense to give,
Here is the New York Times bestseller list for this coming Sunday. Star Wars: Scourge is listed among the "Also Selling" category at #33. That's darn good.
But the BYC showed me that Joshua could have given up when he became a slave in the house. But he didn’t. He could have given up when he became a prisoner after being falsely accused but he didn’t. He kept growing, he was persistent in his faith with God and obeyed him. (And I’m sure there were times he did want to give up). It also taught me that we have to wait patiently for God. I originally made plans to commit to be here for two years. But after the BYC, I started to question if two years was enough. If not for the BCM, but DC. I realized that God has plans for me and sometimes I’m just scared to admit that I need more time to grow and be more faithful. But I need to be like Joshua and wait patiently for things to happen. Even if it means becoming a slave somewhere or thrown in jail because of false accusations, I doubt that would happen that way. Oppression here is definitely one of those things in the Deaf community. But everything happens for a reason.
4 to 6 fresh thyme sprigs (can also use 2-3 tsp dried thyme)
Nowadays, movies have innocuous composed scores with moneymaking “soundtracks” featuring songs that never even get into the movie, except for one blustering, sounds-like-everything-else rock song that plays over the credits. Where did all the funky synthesized horn sections go? The made-to-order raps? The first time I really noticed this was the Nickelback song on the end of the Spiderman movie.
I imagine it
I really hope my Dad and Riley like this card. I think they will though.
- Hardback (£2195)
Jonathan Haidt – The Difference Between Liberals and Conservatives
Holidays
30 Laurence Vanay - La Grand-Voile
A redeeming quality of heroes 5 was that the combat sequences were so beautifully made you could just play the game for hours, because you wanted to see the fights. In heroes 6, you can’t wait for the combat to be over and once you start following the “blood path” where you have to beat up everything on your way, you end up regretting it half way through.
So without further adieu, here are the portraits:
Well we are now coming to the end of Hannah’s pregnancy and her baby bump shoot with Cygnus Photography, although we will be bringing you pictures of the little one once she/he is born.
“what they needed ” for the time being.
Which reminds me, headache aside, I have noticed a big difference since Saturday.
Numerous feral dogs of all sizes and breeds, some still wearing collars, feast on the dead. I spot a tiny, fawn-colored, bat wing eared Chihuahua wearing a sparkly rhinestone-studded blue collar dragging a light blue leash, rip a finger off a corpse and flee with its prize. So far there have been no reports of canines being susceptible to the KCAP virus. If the KCAP virus, mutates so that canines are vulnerable, it will complicate this epidemic even more.
As you can see above, I actually transcibed my typewritten pages — with varying degrees of accuracy — to an electronic format, then had them bound at the 'depot. I even had Gen do a mockup cover for me.
The City will also require the selected contractor to work with workforce development organization, Opportunity Advancement Innovation, Inc. (OAI) Chicago Southland Office to select qualified local residents, identified by the OAI, Inc. for trainings and any potential jobs.
He stared at the thing. Unless he was mistaken the box seemed to wear an expression of innocent smugness. He peered at it. The inscription on the gold plate on its lid read: “Open with caution and at own risk.”
Arm pit to arm pit: 22 1/2 inches
Ideas for the use of these template sets:
Because the chestnut is quite solid it does remain together which results in the occasional mouthful of chestnut taste which certainly adds to ones enjoyment, bringing out the flavour.
“America still has the largest most prosperous economy in the world,” Obama told us. Right or not, I don’t know. I hope he’s right, but I’m no economist.
and with pats and smiles and mawkish tears of gratitude that didn't quite ring true,
09/09/2011 BUY 0.02 eurusd 1.38658 10/24/2011 1.39348 +14.06
I shoot my mouth off.
Secretary: Michelle Mao
I got lazy last week, so you will see some repeats.
drags its fellow beyond the water’s reach,
and see where it might take me.
The province wants public and Catholic boards across Ontario to form joint entities to save costs by sharing bus routes and using good routing and management practices.
And it’s that implicit understanding of its protagonist that makes Belle de Jour feel still relevant and satisfying even today, when it’s social politics are starting to feel fairly quaint. It is a film about the struggle to embrace one’s true self, even when it clashes with the identity society puts upon you. In that way, and in a very similar vein, I would compare it to a movie such as Secretary, which explored similar concepts in a more conventional (as if such words were ever used for that movie) romantic comedy setup. But few movies delve so deeply into the strange and bewildering blurred lines between reality and fantasy like Belle de Jour, where the unconscious and the consciously suppressed merge to become one complex, delicate lens through which Séverine (and everyone, really) views the world.
As is every great shoe acquisition, today's started innocuously--I had just pledged to not spend any money, having several large upcoming purchases in mind to save up for, and I was out helping my father shop for men's shirts. I was absolutely not going to buy myself anything. The last time this happened two years ago, I ended up with a pair of Chie Mihara pumps that I still wear at least twice a week and I certainly do not regret that shopping indiscretion. We ended up on 4th Street in Southwest Berkeley, always a nice time what with the lovely CB2 and the Pasta Shop, at local and sustainability-conscious boutique Convert.
At first, I thought this would be a serious novel. Then, I saw the tag line beneath the title, “One man’s ferociously funny quest to discover what it means to be truly transformed.” Transformation in a story that has werewolves, zombies and vampires? I snickered.
:) stacey and sandy
my life. Fantastic bizarre jazzy kind of popmusic with a sauce of
Keri is blackmailed by her boss to go and try to interview her high school boyfriend who has become a best-selling author and recluse. Keri only agrees because she is determined to win her promotion but realises it is going to be a hard job of getting the interview as they didn't really part on good terms. When she sees Joe again and he offers her a option of going on holiday with him and his family and he will answer a question a day or no interview at all, she goes with them. But she faces the trouble of getting on with his family especially as they all know how much she hurt him all those years before. At first she doesn't like the whole outdoors holiday as she is pretty much a city girl and she has to overcome some fears to be able to deal with the activities. The more time she spends with Joe she gets confused as he tries to seduce her but she is leaving again at the end of the holiday and tries very hard to make him realise that. She also finds it very hard to get any sensible answers to her questions and realises her dreams of succeeding at the magazine are slipping away from her.
Author says she was JFK's teen mistress (Baltimore Sun)
Mark 8:13
The faithfulness of God not trusted.
and the Ingersoll household will not be the same without him!!!
It's pronounced Hay-in Broo before you ask (or something close to that anyway) and if you ever get asked, in a pub quiz or during a lull in conversation with a particular kind of bibliophile, 'What author's novel was chosen by the Faroese as their Book of the 20th Century?' you'll be able to answer with confidence (and for a bonus point you can say it was actually the pen name of Hans Jacob Jacobson. And if you really want to be a smart arse you can add that he translated into Faroese works as diverse as Hamlet, The Tempest, Hedda Gabler, The Brothers Karamazov, Wuthering Heights, and the tales of the Brothers Grimm). Publishers Telegram are the marvellous folks that brought Sjon into English translation (whose two books I would recommend to anyone looking for a literary shot of something a little different) and so I couldn't resist when they sent me this novel originally published in Faroese in 1940 and finally translated into English thirty years later. It is this same translation by John F. West which we can read today, a further forty years later, and it stands up remarkably well. It may be describing a way of life that was slowly being eclipsed 70 years ago but the wit and verve of Brú's observations come through loud and clear and in our current economic climate, a perilous one brought about through a reliance on debt (both personal and state-owned), this novel actually couldn't be more relevant. You may not think that a novel about the fishing community on a small island halfway between Scotland and Iceland in the inter-war years had anything to say to you beyond its only local interests but you'd be wrong.
Lost In The Glare testifies that Barn Owl know this, and suggests they are perpetually trapped in that netherworld, probably by choice, working on their sound unnoticed in some low-watt cellar. Spacious and graceful, you might file this under ambient drone, but I think that does a disservice to the slow-burning intensity of this record, and the range of influences absorbed into the whole. There’s no infinite drifting here, always a build to something fierce yet indistinct. Something is always about to happen, often a plaintive picking of an old-English folk melody merges, incongruous against the dust-blown Eastern backdrops dragged from indistinguishable instruments. Even as they emerge and build, the hooks recede again, a shifting mirage in twilight. In and out weave the thumbprints of early Velvet Underground, the stripped-down Mogwai of Come On Die Young, the rain wet moors of Further-era Flying Saucer Attack and the slo-mo fuzz of latter-day drone metal.
Postscript:
Quite frankly I'm astonished it isn't more, considering it was my wife's birthday last week and that included various treats, including a very scrummy chocolate cake...
My one complain was...I missed Crosby's goal ...while I looked up to check the clock for time...I had to wait for a replay. -_-
I'm sleepy and somewhat loved up on endorphins and my feet hurt more than my shoulder which hurts quite a lot and tomorrow I will most likely have to walk backwards down the stairs which will not lend itself to the teaching of two yoga classes but what are you going to do? I'll tell you. You're going to listen to what I have to say.
It is the ultimate app because it’s fully open-source. It can be transmitted to anyone at any time. Whatever the technology of your being, of your personality, the maha-mantra fits into the system of your life.
On Wednesday, I slept in a bit late. I didn’t get up until 8:45 and had to hurry to get breakfast before Bob started his daily devotional with the Fulbe guys at 9. It’s okay though, nothing happens before 9 anyway. After the devotional, I went with Sulemanu to a baby naming ceremony for someone in the church. It is a Fulbe tradition to not name a baby until one week after it has been born. Also, during the ceremony, they shave the baby’s head and snip the tonsils although I didn’t witness that at the ceremony. It probably happened after we left. Before going to their home, Sulemanu and I stopped at a grocery store so I could buy two bars of soap, just as a present to give when someone has a baby. One bar was from me and the other from Bob. They named the baby boy Ali. The father and mother live right in Banyo. I rode on the back of Sulemanu’s motorcycle to get there. Dayyibu and Umaru were also there. I had never met the father or mother before but they were very glad to have me in their home and very welcoming. I got to hold the baby, take a few photos and socialize a little bit. The women all congregated in one room while the men congregated in another. The men were in the same room with the women for a short amount of time to socialize but it was very crowded so we retreated back to our own room right next to the women’s room.
These letters are housed at the national archives of India and were published as volume 96 of the collected works of Mahatma Gandhi (CWMG), a project of the publications division of government of India.
Jennifer.
We bade fond farewells and said our goodbyes.
Just wanted to keep you guys all updated! I'll let you know how court goes/cross your fingers for me!
1 pinch salt
Hi! My name is Yara Freytes, and I am very excited to be designing for The (Paper) Trail Makers. I live in Puerto Rico with my husband and our two boys, Luis (6 years old) and Diego (5 years old). I have a BS in Chemical Engineering, but currently I am a happy Stay at Home Mom. I started scrapping on 2003, when I had been on bed rest from the pregnancy of my first child, and I had not been able to stop. I love it! Love to document my family stories and travels.
This story is of legend in Canada and if one listens to the CBC and the liberal media this man is a hero. One only needs to ask the families of the Belgians slaughtered if he really is. A General looks after his own and I don’t hear a lot about those who were left to be cut to pieces as their General witnessed and drove by.
Drop off-sites open: 11am - 5pm
But as you proceed, all the feelings you were denying begin to surface…
And while audiences pulsated to the swirling lights, in the throes of LSD, bands would materialize onstage, often in long jam sessions. It should be no surprise to find out that early incarnations of the Grateful Dead and the Blue Oyster Cult got their start here.
We don't really celebrate our own birthdays in a big way. I get him a few things he wants, or vice versa, and we might go out to dinner, something like that. I've never really been "into" birthdays, since I grew up having such shitty ones, you just kind of learn not to expect a fuss to be made over you. MJ is the same way. He prefers to just stay at home and be low key about it, although he does typically take the day off from work.
My few fruit trees seem to be all right so far. Of course, they are of personal concern, but I don't depend on the fruit for my livelihood.
It still amazes me that God loves me; but I know that He does, and this knowledge sustains and strengthens me on a daily basis. My journey to this point has been a long, and sometimes difficult one: accepting such immense, unconditional love is hard, especially after a being told, seemingly forever, that you need to earn that love, and that love can be taken away in an instant if you ‘mess up’, or you’re not ‘good’.
A docent told a story in the new Chazen’s African art gallery. It concerned one tribe’s customs over the birth of twins. As we step into Wisconsin’s future, this story reminds us of the need to maintain our humility and balance: between the differing needs of our city and university, as well as between our past and our future.
Everybody sing along.
Is there no end to it and why, who and what had he been looking for?
seriously...there are entire computer programs dedicated to calculating the perfect, ideal, optimal milk producing rations for these girls!
6. Must have items for the home
I have a love/hate relationship with horror movies. Now if we are talking Hitchcock, well, I love all of his work. He was a genius! I don't think there is a movie of his that I don't madly love. My all time favorite? Vertigo.. I could talk forever about all the psychology of love, loss, and obsession wound in that film. My next favorite? The Birds...
with his little legs 'running' in his dream
Years of what we call Simms’ Sins, a close relative to water boarding has taken its toll. The difference is Turf is not by any means Guantánamo Bay and we are definitely not associated with the Al-Qaeda. That’s not to say I haven’t seen some of them at the track I think.
B: Writers in Toyland
So many times I resolve to get to bed at a decent time, that I cannot make up for all my failures from the day in the night time. And even worse so I make the next day worse from staying up late and frantically trying to make or do something that I should have been trying to do throughout the day.
Grease a 9 by 13 by 2-inch cake pan. Line it with parchment paper, then grease and flour the pan.
It is only a matter of time before the first buttercup also rears its golden yellow head among the flower beds - or, worse still, in the lawn. I don't know which is worse to remove - the deep, deep root of the dandelion or the creeping sneaky root of the buttercup. Apparently buttercup flowers make a good skin potion if they are warmed in vaseline. And of course, dandelion flowers make delicious wine and their new leaves are tasty in salads.
April. 5th grade. It must've been raining, because my class was playing a heated game of kickball in the gym. Mr. Timmer was our teacher, and I was the catcher. William Wainwright, my nemesis, was on third base, and after a decent kick from his teammate, he came toward me with determination. Though I had the ball, and was standing on the base, he put his shoulder down and knocked me up in the air. I came down on my left wrist, and broke both bones in my arm. Ow. That's what...28 years ago now? My mom was teaching at the time, but couldn't very well leave her classroom, so she had her sister Beverly take me to the doctor in Halstad. My arm had quickly swelled up to twice its normal size, and as we waited to see Doc Brown, he decided to spend 45 minutes visiting with an octogenarian in the next room. Aunt Bev and I learned all about Mrs. Alfredson's ferns while we waited.
LASH GENIUS Clear Waterproof Top Coat
I never played sports in high school because I was a band geek (and I’m still very proud to call myself that).
I applaud you with a thunderous handclap!!!!!!!
Gregory: you are a loser
One of them, for me, is taking time each day to share with you something that has blessed me during the day. I hope to accomplish two things in doing this; the first is that I take time to slow down, to notice, and savour the everyday moments that I take for granted. The second is to inspire you to do the same.
I don't have a week straight to devote to any decorating, let alone even one full day, so I hit on the project when I can. I may install wood one day and paint the next. Doesn't matter.. just move forward with intention to complete by a certain date and don't stop until it's done, preferably ahead of schedule. Definite deadlines bring new meaning to projects and it's no fun pulling all nighters.
This just makes things weird. No matter what you're thinking or feeling, play it cool. If you don't have "game", pretend that you do. This will avoid even more awkwardness.
Here’s what you can do.
Preamble:
I highly recommend this message by John Lynch. Tina told me about it about 4 years ago I went and found the audio and then bought the book. I have listened to it 25 plus times I have taught on it. It is in video now. It will wake us up from the drudgery of trying to please a God who is already pleased.
Since brewing the blonde, I've also brewed a stronger blonde that I initially intended to ferment with Wyeast 3942, but I ended up pitching some EC-1112 Champage yeast after about 24 hours with no visible fermentation activity in the airlock and no krausen. I didn't use a starter for this batch (which had a starting gravity of 1.060) so I probably should've just been more patient. The Champagne yeast took off like a rocket, but when I tasted this beer before racking it to the secondary it seemed to be lacking the esters I wanted from the Wyeast. No doubt the Champagne yeast took over. My solution to this lack of complexity was to add the dregs of one bottle of 2007 Boon Mariage Parfait. About a week later I added more dregs, this time from a bottle of New Glarus Imperial Saison from a couple years ago. Now I have very full carboy (it was full to begin with) and a little bit of krausen on top. I plan to let this batch of beer sit for awhile, maybe the whole summer, who knows? I have no idea how this experiment is going to turn out.
Some ideas are:
Blogger Jim Hoffman Wrote: “The scientific paper Active Thermitic Material Discovered in Dust from the 9/11 World Trade Center Catastrophe provides, quite simply, proof that explosives were used in the destruction of the Twin Towers. Specifically, the paper positively identifies an advanced engineered pyrotechnic material in each of several samples of dust from the destroyed skyscrapers, in the form of tiny chips having red and gray sides and sharing a very specific three-dimensional structure, chemical composition, and ignition behavior.”
Loucks was not among those arrested yesterday. He said the coalition sees Wescam as an opportunity for those against war to "think globally and act locally."
- 1 cup of dessicated coconut
Having taught at a couple of state schools (and currently attending one), the students at these institutions are not well served. Many come to college barely literate, as it is; this is a product of the “free” public schools. They barely pick up any information, much less critical thinking skills due to the monolithic ideological makeup of liberal arts curriculum and faculty. Since the bachelors’ degree is unlikely to gain you better employment than a similar number of years experience in the workplace would (although there certainly is a ceiling to what you can do without one, thanks to the certification inflation created by idiotic, hire-to-specifications human resources departments), and you aren’t learning much, the degree is worth very little. For the value, you could make a credible argument it should be free.
SO36 Club Berlin 7th November 1980
His parents had him kidnapped and attempted to "deprogram" him. After a couple of years, they gave up. He went back to college and his religious "family" of beggars.
our gall bladder
University of Toronto assuredly has a affairs I'd take!
‘Night Light’ takes a more stripped down approach with just an acoustic guitar and the occasional drum beat. The mid-section of the album has the feel of post-argument tension and slight melancholia.
Rest in Peace!
After a secret ballot among the members, Friday morning the winners in each category are announced and the grand prize, the appreciation of our peers, is awarded!
The boy’s mother, whose unarmed son was shot dead last month by neighbourhood watch captain George Zimmerman in a gated community, said: ‘They killed my son and now they’re trying to kill his reputation.’
Colin Cramphorne, chief constable of West Yorkshire from 2002 until his death in 2006, was mocked for warning that extremist cells ran training camps in national parks, such as the Yorkshire Dales.
A lot of population think that controlling these pests takes a lot of work. This is not the case. If you fabricate a systematic way of holding your house properly organised and well-maintained, you should be able to find this task very easy.
That's sort of interesting in a macabre and scary way when you think about it. One would naturally think that being unfair would be dangerous and/or unpopular, instead being the victim of or objecting to unfairness appears to be the risky and/or unpopular thing.
I've always loved the Rose Bakery (forgetting the nice but inept Anglo service, overpriced organic fare) for its comfort food, edgy industrial décor, cool-crowd-fallen-out-of-bed-for-brunch vibe, so when Kaori Endo and André opened the first Nanashi in the 10th, my ears perked up. The local food press/blogger brigade did their usually circle jerk putting the the hot new table up their somewhere with the second coming of Jesus, but, as it was okay food at reasonable prices in a funky place, and the staff was really friendly , it got my seal of approval.
JSB—You said a lot about the idea that there may be like regionally different hominids, different types.
So go crazy and get a guide to help you experience the museum. And rest assured that there's not one picture of dogs playing poker.
When I can, I typically take a long run after a day of writing, and I remember when I was writing the part of the trilogy that ends tragically for VILLAIN, and feel all weepy about him. Tearing up on the running path. Oh, how I loved my villain. Every villain is a kind of tragedy, and also a kind of rich and evilly delicious chocolate. What kind of chocolate??? I will tell you….
It is now officially being put in a bag and stuffed in the back of the cupboard. Maybe one day I'll bring it out again and maybe I might like it enough to finish it. Then again........I doubt it!
Newcastle have not won in their last 18 league visits to Stamford Bridge, and have failed to win in their last seven visits to London. But current form would suggest otherwise, they have won six of their last seven games, their only defeat coming at Wigan last weekend.
Wishing you the true gift of partnering with Presence!
Anyway, there’s an interesting aspect of Timelash yet to tag, which is the way in which the story is haunted by Jon Pertwee. And not just haunted by Jon Pertwee, but haunted by a Pertwee story that doesn’t exist. This is not the first reference to an unseen adventure ever, of course, but it is in many ways the most substantive and deliberate. There’s stuff like Planet 14 from The Invasion, but that can be explained away as a continuity goof. And there’s stuff like the Terrible Zodin, but that’s clearly intended as a joke. And there’s stuff like Meglos, but that story suggests a visit that was more tourism-based. The only story to really resemble this is The Face of Evil, and even there the story hinged specifically on the unseen story being a Tom Baker adventure.
Earlier in the semester, when we reviewed Foucault, we talked about his general rejection of sexual identity formation as a means of sexual liberation. To Deleuze, zeroing in on a sexual identity would inevitably just limit a group of individuals who could be vastly different from another, lumping them together by one common trait, even if that trait itself is a unique individual experience. This identity, would not really designate what this person is, it would only remove the possibilities of what a person can become. Thus, ascribing an identity becomes a repressive force instead of a source of strength.
Ta Ta for Now!
The fifth; his waistband split;
Wij vieren moederdag tweemaal per jaar (vaderdag ook) en de volgende is voor ons eigenlijk een beetje de echte.
JR MArtinez
1. If you ever had to actually live off your food storage alone, have you thought of what it would do to your health to eat only store bought food out of a can for an entire year? Of course with all those preservatives, you might live longer ;)
I'm at the beach writing this week, but I'm due for a post and a blog post is writing, too, right?
released, 93;
Sorry bout that, sometimes music just pops into my idiot head. That song has been trapped in there for 30 years…..
The decorations on the skateboards are interesting because they expresses the skaters personality. It is also interesting to see how the skateboard is worn out. It tells how the person is skating, maybe what kind of tricks the person does. It also tells how much the person have been skating.
I get followed by people. And I would love to return the favor and follow them, too, but I check out profiles and what they tend to share before I do. Almost all of them are just ‘resellers’ for the garbage that already gets passed around.
GET
There are loads of good variety acts playing the Piazza in London’s Covent Garden every week and there is a third tier to the annual Edinburgh Fringe, which no-one ever seems to mention. There are the paid-for Fringe venues… plus the two organisations offering free venues… plus the free street theatre with which Edinburgh is awash throughout August.
The NRA opposed these discretionary gun permit laws and proceeded to grant NRA charters to blacks who sought to defend themselves from Klan violence — including the great civil rights hero Robert F. Williams.
This annoys customers, me included. If I legally purchase a print book, I can do what I want with it. But if I buy an ebook, I'm stuck with using it on one specific device forever. I can't lend it out. I can't make a back-up copy. I can't put it on a different ereading device.
and the appalling circumstances of his death make it look as though the reverse is true,
Interacting with the dynamism of the rocks
I've tasted a bit of this myself when I was part of a 20 year run where I ran either attended a summer camp as a high school student, worked in it as an intern, or ran that same camp as a youth pastor in Nor Cal. Powerhouse was full of moments like this that only hindsight can tell you were in part because of growing up in the area and sticking around for over a decade in the role. The last 7 years in San Diego have been an awesome ride, but this weekend was a fresh reminder that so much comes to those who stick around. Time to batten down the hatches folks, I think we're gonna be here for a while.
Because I am in the last 2 weeks, I am doing workouts for the "last" time. The absolute best part about doing workouts for the last time is that you can push yourself the hardest. You see, when I know I have to do the workout the next week I mentally hold back knowing that I will want to beat that number the next time I do the workout. Since I won't be doing the workout again, I push so hard I can even get a bit queezy. I like getting a bit queezy, it means I am pushing my hardest! I don't recommend it for everyone though ;)
is on the left.
One may ask the question, why now and why such a blitzkrieg, by passing all diplomatic norms, of even the worst of the Cold War and the 90s and quite literally fringing on war? Why during a parliamentary election and not the actual presidential? The West, that is the Anglo-West, did not even wait till the votes were counted to start its assault. Some areas were still voting and the OSCE had not yet said a word, when the Hitlery, er Hillery led assault began.
(From F__)
The fact that “global warming” was generated by the United Nations should have been the red flag that something was not just wrong about it, but that it hid an agenda aimed at Western industrialized nations.
That young men, tossing on their beds,
In 2000 I finally got the chance to participate. I saw yellow flyers posted outside the video store where my mom worked -- the movie theater next door was having a two-night engagement, midnight showings of The Rocky Horror Picture Show on Friday and Saturday, $5 only.
Among the sixteen signatories to this article, all of them outstanding and renowned scientists, is amongst others Harrison H. Schmitt, Apollo 17 astronaut (the 'Last But One Man on the Moon'), former US Senator, university professor, and a crack geologist.
10. The Ash Grove 4:31
to those gauchos!
A1: "What about Ava?"
I become a better person.
1 tablespoon garlic, minced
I don't know about everyone else, but I am SUPER excited for Spring and to plant a garden, have green grass and feel the warmth from the sun. We had a girls weekend last week, and while I was gone my husband made me some big planter boxes for a Square Foot Garden. They are not done yet, but I decided to post some pictures in case any of you are interested in gardening. Square Foot Gardening is a super easy and efficient garden. It is also ideal to do, if you don't have much space!
which you really enjoy as you flick through the books
1/2 pound angel hair pasta
Nivea's Chocolat Exquis (85)
3) Pour mixture into prepared tin and bake for 1 hour or till skewer comes clean. Tent the cake if necessary. Overturn the cake onto a cooling grid.
call me
10. Which show do you prefer 1, 2, or 5? CSI
Alas, I love my PBA experience league (yes, I bowl in two different leagues) because there’s not a kid in sight at that one and everyone observes proper etiquette because it’s actually enforced by league officials. I’d still like to see adult-only bowling centers, though I think those are a bit of a stretch. I understand the appeal of bowling as a family activity and strongly support it as such, but please teach your kids proper bowling etiquette. It’ll make the game more enjoyable for all of us. Thank you.
2 nice
Does this mean that Olympics Committee are at least more honorable people than the Norwegian Nobel Committee?
I had the pleasure of designing with the new April Mini Card Kit.
The blaring sound from the TV and the sudden jarring light brought me back to present. Lines of a poem crossed my mind
Golden Wheat Shimmerz
And literally there is NOTHING to it! HA!
Winfrey
As I sat with my cup of coffee this morning, this quote popped into my mind and hasn’t left since. I suppose there is a reason for it, (my muse is behind it most likely), but for the moment I’m just going to enjoy the wisdom of Wallace’s words.
As I looked at this old house that day, my imagination went wild with images of my grandpa being a young kid. This home has withheld a myriad of floods and hurricanes. The trees protected it. When I began this project, I stuffed my face into books. I saw our history boldly smothered over pages…pages that give some knowledge, but leave out a lot. These missing pieces aren’t easily found once generations pass and homes collapse to the ground. Just as a unique language and dialect is kept inside its people, so is the heart behind traditions, ways of approach and intricacies of lifestyles. Certain patterns cannot be sustained. Other patterns may need to be remembered.
Sometimes I find myself thinking about life, the universe and everything as I drive from school to school, as I do in the course of my work. The other day as I was driving along (somewhere just outside Bedale, I think) it struck me that I have been a vegetarian most of my life. I went through a comparitively brief period eating fish as well as vegetable matter (during which I was, I suppose a piscatarian) but felt uneasy about it, and went back to being vegetarian.
Stories and Songs with Bob (Bobaloo) Basey
And here is the wonderful DT inspiration....
Mutiny from stern to bow
Simon Myerson QC, writing in his Pupillage and How to Get it blog considers Diversity…
Beckett was consistent in his loneliness. The unhappy boy soon grew into an unhappy young man, often so depressed that he stayed in bed until mid afternoon. He was difficult to engage in any lengthy conversation--it took hours and lots of drinks to warm him up--but the women could not resist him. The lonely young poet, however, would not allow anyone to penetrate his solitude. He once remarked, after rejecting advances from James Joyce's daughter, that he was dead and had no feelings that were human.
“It didn’t go too bad,” I recall thinking as I walked out, mostly relieved that it was over.
Plagued by a war between magic and technology, Atlanta has never been so deadly. Good thing Kate Daniels is on the job.
I love Christmas and the month leading up to it.
none of us can say we are without sin
And the understanding of the divinity within all things
7. Any photos with 20 or more votes will go in the draw to win a $150 photographic gift voucher with Memories of mine Photography.
Ideal Quilted Cotton Pads
Here's a shocker: inappropriate racial, homophobic, little people, and growing old as a cat-owning spinster jokes STILL AREN'T FUNNY. And they still won't be after post 10,000.
I took the photo of this beautiful red barn and silo in Vernon County, Wisconsin. It is not Sadie's barn home, but we can always pretend, can't we?
The one who is a friend of Jesus will be the target of the enemies of Jesus (15:18-25). By being a friend of Jesus, the disciples also inherit his enemies! This too is a function of a friend in the ancient world, to be a friend of one person was to also gain enemies.
2010.09.06 Pakistan Lakki Marwat 19 46 Nine schoolchildren are among nineteen innocent lives snuffed out by Holy Warrior suicide bombers.
Mother visited another time that I recall, and brought a kindly Quaker woman named Evelyn from Florida with her. This is the first time that I met my two new stepsisters, Heidi and Nanette. They were born to my mother while Margaret and I were in the orphanage. Evelyn had kept both of them at her home many times, and tried to guide my mother in some way.
The other day I was checking a prescription for a patient when he asked me how long I had to go to school to be a pharmacist. I have a good relationship with him and let him know it depended on the college of pharmacy but it was 6-8 years. I then used the opening he gave me to explain what a pharmacist does and why an advanced degree is required to practice pharmacy. Pharmacists are the medication experts and many patients may not know their pharmacist can for them.
As I walk that magical park with my family, I find myself smiling so much that it almost hurts, and as I look around at those dearest to my heart, I see the same thing on each of their faces -- in the steps they take and the words that they speak.
Here is the photo again..
and quilting. It was such fun bringing it out again for Spring 2011.
She out striped them all- in Givenchy Stripes when seeing double at a party in Paris-
causes fractures, bone spurs.
Meanwhile, I noticed one of the yard kittens on the back steps. I alerted T, who'd been worrying about one that went missing, he paid her a visit...and she didn't run away. Odd. She was one of the batch that are particularly shy. He came back inside to report something was wrong with her. Huh. He thought I should go look because I'm better at these things...diagnosing feral kitty ailments is a hobby of mine...or, you know, not...but I went on out to check on the beastie.
In the end, while we liked Ethel, we had other candidates to interview and experience has taught us that you never go with the first choice. I’m not sure why, it’s like one of those rules I’ve heard about like washing your hands after handling chicken or not using the sink sponge to clean the toilet.
They have these events running like clockwork!
A pada is usually quarter of mantra, except in dvipadaa mantraas where it is half a mantra. (Reference : H.P. Venkata Rao).
The book has great details on how to make your own. Check it out and sew up some great little personalized gifts for the bitty gals in your life. Then fill them with tiny treasures or goodies.
I used a mixture of Hero Arts, Papertrey Ink and Waltzingmouse stamps alongside some My Minds Eye paper, a LLB brad and some deliciousness from The Ribbon Girl!!
6. Brave (June 22) – Ok, so Cars 2 was a bomb and a rare misstep for the animated gods at Pixar, but if the lusciously gorgeous trailers for their latest film Brave are any indication, this could be an impeccable return to form for the animated powerhouse. While the Scottish accents and setting may not work in the film’s favor, leave it to Pixar to craft an engaging story of a feisty, archery loving princess who decides to create her own destiny after years of being told what to do by her Royal Parents. While plot details have been scarce, I trust Pixar completely with anything they do (yes, even after Cars 2), and in a year where female power is at a peak (Katniss Everdeen, anyone?), a young, spirited female animated heroine could be just the thing to return Pixar to animation glory.
But on the flip side, it was something new and different. And new and different can sometimes be great. So after grabbing a couple of rides with no wait whatsoever (and beating my husband at Buzz Lightyear for the first time ever….did I mention that already?), we grabbed some snacks and some curb and gave it a go.
I was on the yearbook staff sophomore, junior and senior year. My brother Andrew had been editor-in-chief his senior year six years earlier, and had also designed the cover, a legacy I coveted. It was between me and Kim, and our adviser, the fantastic Jerry Halfmann, chose Kim to be EiC. I was actually relieved, because I liked Kim and knew she was better cut out for the position. Upon being told, I said, "Oh, that's great! Congratulations, Kim! I get to do the cover, though." To my surprise, everybody just kinda shrugged and said, "Sure, OK."
Today I am sad. I'm sad for a season that will come and my husband won't be here to enjoy it with me. I'm sad for the daffodils that will bloom - never again will I pick some and put them in a vase to brighten his office. He always loved when I picked flowers from my garden and made a bouquet just for him. He always acted surprised. And touched.
Acreage: 4.6
The cupcakes are made with Dutch-processed cocoa (I get mine at Penzey’s or Surfas) and the peanut butter is Skippy creamy (you need a non-natural peanut butter so the, um, chemicals and emulsifiers keep the stuff together).
(3) expired, i.e. in the public domain.
Entry #50
If the terms of protest can be opened up and redefined by those to whom that protest serves, then we’ll be free to decide how we will deal with the oppression we face. That freedom will begin a process that will invariably lead to the question of sacrifice. Do we really want to fail at making the impossible a reality for the next generation? Do we want the inheritance of the next generation to be the continuation of this struggle? Or do we want to be the generation that ushers in a new era of equality that will be unrivaled by any other era before it?
Can you imagine the stories they could have told you?
What do people expect when they meet you in person?
With the rising number of media reports of racist bullying in schools, surely using Interlok as a compulsory text is unwise to say the least!
Chronic fatigue can be treated by light exercise and reducing stress. More than one source has stated that it is important to not overdo it on days when one is feeling good or the rebound crash will make things worse.
The IPKat found this in National Geographic News. On November 1 Boris Volfson of Huntington, Indiana, received US Patent 6,960,975 for his design of an antigravity space vehicle. Volfson's craft is theoretically powered by a superconductor shield that changes the space-time continuum in such a way that it defies gravity. The design effectively creates a perpetual-motion machine, which physicists consider an impossible device.
Little handsome, I love you. We're going to have so much fun this summer. Keep growing in love, calmness and adventure.
Icing sugar
The criminals and gangs of New York City had little respect for the Watchmen, who numbered only 30-40 in the entire city. The Watchmen were considered not to be very bright, nor very ambitious, and were known to be frequently drunk on duty. Each Watchmen had a post, or watch-box, which consisted of an un-anchored wooden shack, where they would frequently fall asleep on duty, usually after consuming huge amounts of whiskey. A favorite activity of the young ruffians throughout the city, was to catch a Watchmen sleeping in his watch-box, lasso the watch-box with a rope, and drag it through the streets, whooping and hollering like banshees. The soon-to-be-famous writer Washington Irving was known to be one of those pranksters.
If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you,
When you come right down to it our personal realities are probably 70% made up. I don't want to stray into quantum physics here, so my percentage is a wild guess, but we all know that we paint our worlds in colours that just aren't there, at least some of the time. Deep down, we know. We have our imaginary view and we have our reality view of the world. We just can't cope with holding both views at the same time.
Phreak: But why me. So I took Iron Stylus’ spot on the Showcase. Big deal.
“Ah. You an expert on that stuff? I didn’t take you for a bondage freak,” she stretched.
1/2 cup softened butter
“You know, I didn’t try to be Santa.” *wink*
...I can count on one hand the number of things I paid full price for that are in Apartment #412.
“ Raining Night Poetry”
She had me cracking up reading her post. She said that her hero is being difficult.
This stamp has been been released before, but because she's one of our favorites, Susana has decided to Re-Release the whole collection of beauties!!! She's from the Guardian Angel Collection. But wait... there is one Brand New Angel you may spy at the store (or have seen on my blog!).
“For I would not, brethren, that ye should be ignorant of this mystery, let ye should be wise in your own conceits; that blindness in part is happened to Israel, until the fullness of the Gentiles be come in.”
Contentedness, for me at least, is a continuum that looks like this:
Amit Bansal answers, Absolutely you can. You can escalate it to the HR and they can organize for a review process based on the organization’s HR policies.
- My wife says: What if someone comes into the bathroom?
1. Avoid standing near transdimensional vortices. They are dangerous and you are likely to be sucked in.
"That got me on a mission to learn more about African cultures," she said.
Heiress Angelina Carpenter traded in diamonds for denim–and the freedom to make her own choices–when she fled from her arranged marriage to Sheikh Taj Ahmad. Now working as a nanny for the royal family of Santina, Angelina can’t help but risk a glimpse at the glamorous life she left behind during a lavish party…and runs straight into Taj! And this time, the ruthless sheikh has no intention of letting his runaway bride get away…
Contact Point:
Brodsky asked the “value of 5.4 million in FAR.” (He was referring to Floor Area Ratio but meant, simply, development rights.)
Hi everyone, how are you today? The sun was holding out here this morning but I believe it has now officially disappeared!
Sarah Oliver, writing in the Mail on Sunday, has decided the recent debate over privacy and superinjunctions make for a timely exposee on a gagging order she was forced to sign over a decade ago when dating gagger-in-chief (alongside other gagging supremos such as Hugh Tomlinson QC) Keith Schilling.
Both of them delight in the beauty of the place, at the same time.. and in one shot (not in this video) they occupy the same exact place at the same instant. The human can’t see the Deva and the Devakanya is not interested in the manava and does not notice him at all. How the ordinary chap marries the ultimate in beautiful princesses, the daughter of the king of the Devas forms this superlative magical tale, with fantastic songs, humour, fights and victory of good over bad!
Brilliance, Tsukineko Many people like this because the black is richer than the brilliance, however, it needs to be heatset. You can use this on fabric, heat-set it, then color it with your Copics and it works great.
When you are confident enough about yourself you do not have time to deal with the opinions of others. Some waste soo much energy & time they could spend on something they love instead on reacting & responding to matters which they don’t agree on.
Note, these puke rules really only apply to the onset of puking. Once the kids know they’re sick, they get to keep an ice cream bucket near their side at all times.
It is happening to me as of now.
Getting creative with my titles today, but it kind of gives you some inclination towards what went on this past Friday and Saturday. Date 14 and 15.
Prior to the conference, the protestors assembled outside where I caught a few pictures and a short video of "Free Free Fakestine","From The River To The Sea'' and the usual"Fakestinian" flags.
I confess that I go to Walmart once a week, and I'm not the least bit ashamed by this fact. Every single time I go down the clearance aisle hoping to discover some diamond nestled among the dog crap. And I almost always grab at least two things that I never intended on buying upon walking in to the store. Yes, I confess I'm a Walmart sucker.
A 5-year-old girl stood next to her mother at the counter waiting for my co-worker to cut a bit of fabric for her. It turned out that the little girl was getting fabric to cover a donation box to collect money for Heifer International. Isn’t that an inspiring thing? That a child can be so aware of a need that she takes the initiative to do something to help.
Tom is taking one group to Red Star in Greensburg to watch some brewing, then heading to Rock Bottom. I'll be taking a group to Marzoni's to watch some brewing, and then head up to Otto's for lunch and a tour. Should be fun.
WHAT IS THE EMERGING CHURCH?
Table 2: Retail Channel Definitions
*To enter Erin's giveaway, scroll down to previous post!*
Then earlier this week, I was doubly excited to read that NY’s pilot for a shared bike program launches this summer. Woohoo! 600 bike stations south of 60th Street; memberships will be available—like the Velibs—daily, weekly or annually; and, again like the Velibs, the three-speed bikes will be uniquely designed for the city—but ours will have GPS. Sweet!
Now, on to the winners from the Air Wick Aqua Mist competition. I chose M.W. to receive the first prize of $200 because her comment made me giggle every time I read it ....
I've been seeing these things all over the internet, and every time I do, I get the almost irresistible urge to gather up my collections and start photographing them on a white background.
You should wonder whether there are people who eat only British food in Palo Alto. In this example, those are the only people you have pricing power over. And it’s very possible that those people don’t exist.
1 bag of pre-shreddix coleslaw mix (or approx 1 head shredded cabbage, 3 medium sized shredded carrots)
Interestingly, only one of the films has offered us a teaser trailer as of this writing—Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter—even though it's the movie with a later release date. Is the secrecy surrounding Dark Shadows helping with its allure? Or is everyone just more excited about seeing Johnny Depp sinking his teeth into a classic vampire series than witnessing Honest Abe whacking the undead with an ax?
Next week will be a Glamorous Review of
Today's challenge is this:
Obscured by the housing bubble and cheap credit, the well-being of working Americans was already threatened by powerful structural forces when the Great Recession hit. Technology supplanted routine work of all kinds, leaving millions with skills that employers no longer need. Offshoring of work to China and India destroyed millions of labour-intensive factory jobs. Low interest rates artificially pumped up wealth and consumption, but didn’t steer enough investment into the roots of the economy.
But, my goodness, how many ways did I enjoy this ale. And for how many varied reasons.
Colored?
Sleep proved to be illusive. He drifted in and out sleep as shadowy images of that night resurrected the pangs of guilt that lie buried within his subconscious mind. Random snapshots coursed through his head in a slide show of unwanted memories.
916 D-XI/12/1985. “Bernard Weisberg, United States Magistrate.” Installation, United States Courthouse, Chicago, Illinois. See Item A-4, above.
“We’ll likely make a Top Gun sequel with Tom Cruise first,” he said. “Jerry Bruckheimer would produce, with Tony Scott returning to direct. All parties are moving ahead.”
07. Lost in Paradise
Both blamed the economic downturn for lowering the number of jobs--though the lawsuit concerns alleged promises made in 2010. BUILD reps also pointed to offered a somewhat questionable defense of the unpaid labor.
Read if -
I'll be very honest
Thursday: Homemade Mac & Cheese, Peas
Recently I sent a link to the QS to someone querying me. His query didn't work very well, and I thought I was offering him a second chance.
This is pure escapism, pages and pages of thrilling relationships, turmoil and love all set against the exciting backdrop of three-day-eventing (the rules for which Walker covers at the start of the book, which might be worth reading for those not familiar with the sport, although Walker does manage to insert details and information into the course of the story without it feeling tacked on or information-heavy).
cagey hearts
I shared this with friends at a party several weeks ago, and I wish I’d taken better notes. But let me just cut to the chase: outstanding. I can only remember so much, but I just remember everyone going “wow, this is great.” It’s a black IPA, a style that seems to be on the rise (Stone has one as well). I remember it being very mellow, with a very balanced hop bite that is subtle, not overwhelming like some IPAs. A touch of coffee. This is part of Deschutes Bond Street Series, available May-September, and I encourage you to grab some now if you can find it – here in Texas, I think all we get from Deschutes is Black Butte Porter and Mirror Pond Pale (seriously, guys, could you at least start sending some Obsidian Stout down here?).
Here are some more examples of what I've done with the embossing kit so far! On this layout I embossed the top and bottom of the title using Opposites Attract, and the branch the little bird sits on using Straight from the Nest.
The topic of conversation turned to their audio of a clip culled from this weekend's episode of HBO's "Real Time With Bill Maher". In general I have a low opinion of Maher, an unfunny liberal mouthpiece hack, and I was prepared to loathe his guest by name alone: Alexandra Pelosi, daughter of Nancy Pelosi. Yeah, guilt by association, and the rotted crabapple didn't fall far from the tree.
Experts claim the statistics represent a mere fraction of a 'tidal wave' of offending in counties across the Midlands and the north of England which has been going on for more than a decade.
- Browser HTML5, Adobe Flash Lite
As in 3 months, y’all.
But I digress. So if you have a royalty accounting period that ends on June 30, 2009, the author is going to have a royalty reporting period of April/October (October for the June-ending statement and April for the December-ending statement).
How did you decide your teams?
What the researchers found out simply astounded them.
Responding to questions from The Miami Herald, federal education officials said they let states exercise discretion in determining when schools are distinct. Last year, federal officials reviewed Florida’s grant program for charter schools and approved of it, records show.
If the Lord wills we will have further rebuttals to Naik’s distortion of Biblical truth in the near future.
This is the new Saybrook rug from Ballard Designs and I would choose the black/gold on the bottom right side. It's a beautiful indoor/outdoor rug that would be perfect for high traffic areas in the home. Before I go any further, let me remind you of our dining room and the one stenciled wall, already providing lots of pattern in the space:
The ANC may be more subtle than Zanu-PF, but the ultimate goal is the same — getting rid of whites altogether. Most whites, English and Afrikaans, have seen the writing on the wall.
Looking at these purely as beers-to-drink, I didn't enjoy them as much as the Mikkeller single-hop series. If BrewDog are planning a second set of these, or if any other brewery is contemplating it (it's a great way to get drinkers actively thinking about beer and what goes into it), I'd advise toning the hop levels down a little to let those distinctive flavours speak more clearly. Yes, that's my excuse for scoring so poorly...
Happy New Year!!!! Welcome back to another new year of fun challenges. We are all so thankful that so many of you have joined us in so many challenges last year. You amazed and inspired us in so many ways, and we are looking forward to another year of gazing upon your creations.
I headed to Panera planning to get my muffin and tea and ordered a cup of coffee and a bagel with cream cheese. I packed up some sugar and milk and headed out the door... Praying he would still be there.
3. Stuff the spice paste into the brinjals and arrange them in a plate. Leave some leftover of the paste aside.
BEST BEATLES COVER. EVER.
As I said before, the Renaissance was (in part) the product of the Black Death. After being killed like...well, like people that are usually being killed during a pandemic they started to think that maybe they should care a bit more about their lives on Earth and stop worrying about all that "Life after Death" docudrama that was taught to them every single Sunday at their local church. For once in their miserable torn out by the Plague lives they raised their heads and looked up to the sky with great hope and expectations and said: "Hey! Fuck you!" and finally started minding their own business.
XL: “Well I don’t know if this is the funniest thing that’s ever happened to me but recently I went through a ‘drive thru’, paid, thanked the person who gave me the change and then just drove off. One of the employees had to run outside to remind me I had forgotten the food. It was more embarrassing than funny now that I think about it, I had a lot in my mind that day – or so I like to believe.”
If you would like to send a postcard please email me at molder.anna@gmail.com and I will send you the information you need.
Disclosure: I received the products mentioned above for this review. No monetary compensation was received by me. This is my completely honest opinion above and may differ from yours. Because I do not ship
Missing an action plan leads to a treadmill (working hard with no results).
Hello there! I absolutely wanted to show you this beauty I bought during the week-end: NYC "Big city dazzle", a marvellous multi-coloured glitter polish.
And still, I am filled with an indescribable joy and sense of completion and satisfaction. This is what surrogacy is, this combination of love and passion and perfect loss.
(And because I'm totally inappropriate, I'd like to just say that Gabe, the one in the cover with wings, is seriously hot.)
Since moving out here, Indie has backtracked a little on her night sleeping so we are in the process of fixing that as soon as possible. My eyes burn all day long as my night's sleep has likewise backtracked. Aside from that, she's smiling all the time now and loves squealing and kicking her legs to Ellen. She gets the whole kitchen wet when I bathe her because she just loves to kick those legs. She absolutely hates riding in the car, I think because she needs constant entertainment and staring at the back of the car is not that cool. My rotator cuff is frequently sore from reaching back and putting her binky in her mouth. Needless to say, I now hate riding in the car too. Notice a pattern? If Indie doesn't do it or doesn't like it, neither does mom.
He said mistakes made by AROs in recording the details of voters would tarnish the image of the EC, which has been the subject of criticism by the opposition.
Yesterday I met up with Elaine for lunch and a bit of a shop. I had to take a dress back to another thrift store because they forgot to remove the security tag. Grrr...I hate that! You can see the bundled dress hanging from the hook on my closet door in the above pictures (yes, it's pink) - have to keep it away from kitties who like to chew on bags.
Wenzel currently struggles with navigating the divide between making art and writing about art, where to draw the line on referring to oneself in the third person, and who to next invite for the TOP TEN.
Do you still recall the fateful night when you headed to the Bridge?
After humane officials broke into the kennel to save 11 starving dogs and retrieve the dead ones, Croley was arrested and charged with the maximum penalty provided by state law.
So, now, here in the present...I've been in Louisiana for a year now and I'm in that "trying to figure out my place" role. There are tons of really sweet, really Godly girls here that I love. I hope and pray that we are gonna be here for a long time. Previous pastors have stayed 20+ years and I want to be in that category!! But right now we're still in the new phase. People here already have their groups of friends. And so many of these groups have been so wonderful about welcoming me and including me and making me feel loved. But I still know that I'm not part of the group (YET!). I know that's normal, and again, it's just a part of being the new girl and that everyone has been there and I'm not alone. But it's still a hard place to be when you're there.
So for eight years I have been desperately seeking 'Me' time.
I hooked up with Richard Hogan and his trainee instructor Stephanie and got a really good idea of all the equipment, as well as a good reminder of what is involved in climbing. Climbing is a problem solving sport, thinking about your next move, weighing up the possibilities and the difficulties. But there is also the risk taking. You just have to go for it, not think too much about it or you'd never make the next move. Look at your feet, keep three points of contact at all times, build your muscles and develop your flexibility. Going up vertically on rock walls with the tiniest of holds for feet and hands is one of the most exciting and demanding sports - other than base jumping I suppose. ( No, not on my list.)
1) Put your iTunes on shuffle. Give me the first 6 songs that pop up.
If you suspect your child may be the victim of bullying ask him or her to tell you what’s going on. You can help by providing lots of opportunities to talk with you in an open and honest way.
These were lovely decorating the wedding reception, and my daughter requested that we re-use them for the baby shower. We wanted the lanterns to feel more "showerish", though, so we pulled off all the flowers.
Connor said nothing, avoiding her stare while he impatiently fidgeted.
"Let Your Love Shine Thru"
Harper, a multi-award-winning Canadian poet, novelist and songwriter, whose writing has been widely published and anthologized in Canada, the United States and Great Britain, currently resides in Haliburton, Ontario.
bowl (I use a 2-quart glass measure to make pouring into the machine easier), stir together peanut butter, sugar, vanilla extract and salt until the mixture is well blended. stir in a little milk to thin the mixture, then gradually whisk in remaining milk and cream. Cover and refrigerate at least 4
Summer’s last hurrah continued to defy the crisp fall banshees, making it almost impossible to go into work this week. While the beach tempted me all week, I stayed away. This weather cannot last forever, and if I get back into summer mode, the cold weather will be that much more soul crushing.
Dylan moved toward her as a diaphanous veil of color enveloped that insinuated through and around her like an ocean current. “Are you okay?”
1952-54 Mr. Jolly's Hotel for Pets aka Hotel For Pets (writer of NBC children’s radio show starring Frank McHugh)
Kate's father walked out on her family, got remarried (after cheating on his first wife with wife number two), and had a baby. Kate hates visiting him but does it anyway and actually kind of bonds with her baby half sister (emphasis on half is totally Kate's).
to write
1. Alive (Nightmare) – Kid Cudi – sometimes I fool people by the music I listen to here is maybe one of my trump cards.
I've been very good bout making lesson plans a week in advance. It helps me stay sane not to wake up every morning and scramble to assemble my thoughts. So now I post those plans where my kids can see them. I explained to them that they don't need to wait for me to tell them to start their work. Now they know what is expected of them and they can do it when they want, but no privledges until the work is done.
Grosvenor House Publishing is taking nothing based on these examples of book costs. I have seen several author solution companies claim the above royalty as a 100% royalty, but Grosvenor explains royalties the way they should be explained, that is, based on the percentage of a book’s retail price. For authors wishing to order larger print runs, Grosvenor do also use litho offset printing and will quote on this.
When showers betumble the chestnut spikes,
If you’ve got down time from your business, do not cram it with lots of routine tasks that you can easily assign to an assistant. Rather, utilize the down time for analytical tasks — such as finding ways to increase your sales or how you can improve a specific process in your business so you can deliver faster.
The newest collaboration is for Dark Shadows where Johnny Depp plays the role of Barnabas Collins. The film is a remake of a gothic soap opera that aired quite some time ago – between 1966 and 1971.
The swiss roll cake was really fantastic. Of course mine looked less than perfect, but the taste was phenomenal. Light and moist with the perfect amount of sweetness. I made two flavors of ice cream: vanilla bean and french vanilla (sorry, forgot which recipes I used), and added a layer of chocolate ganache. I made a mini bombe and a deconstructed version. Personally, I liked the deconstructed version better. But that's just me sometimes: disorganized and random (sshh...don't tell my students).
He was one of the word sellers. Or so I thought. He put out pages, bundles of words that sparkled, like crystals hung by the stalls in one of those old style markets. They caught the light, and leave you with something brighter. Some took it home, cherished it, and told him so. Some tossed him a pebble or two, of praises -- like flowers tossed onto the stage at the end of a performance, tossed and forgotten. Not a thought given to the work behind the scenes. But that's the way it goes. Some kept quiet, but kept the lightness too. And all was good.
Waiting for all Americans in 2013 is the advent of “Taxamageddon”, a combined 34 percent (34%) increase in taxes resulting from the expiration of existing tax policies and the imposition of new ones.
(He throws it at Manny and Andrew.)
Finally we get to the cruise ship and get through security. We are on the deck of the ship at noon and it doesn’t leave until 6pm. From that time we waited on our luggage to get to our rooms and went on the deck to eat at one of their free buffets. They also had a cookout at 5pm. There was a live band and I finally felt like I was on vacation. Some of us got up and dance while the band was playing and we was have a good time. We got in the jacuzzi and stayed until we left the port.
The court was wrestling with the nature of democracy vs. secrecy. At issue: whether people who sign ballot petitions should have a new right to add their names to ballot petitions -- anonymously. I grew up in the Chicago suburbs, a place with some very interesting politics. It wasn't until I moved out west, first to Oregon and, later, to Washington, that I learned about the initative process. Professor X and I did quite a bit of research in the 1990's on Ballot Measure 9, a precursor to the recent Proposition Hate in California. Like those two measures, the one involved in this recent court case concerns gay rights. This little gem, which I'm happy to say was resoundingly rejected by the voters, sought to overturn domestic partnership protections for gay and lesbian couples. Petition signers didn't want the public to know about their bigotry and sought to have the names remain secret. The Oregonian observed thatBut by signing their names on initiative or referendum petitions, people act as citizen legislators. Yes, in the age of the Internet, it may take some special courage to let your name hang out in the public square, but that is a minimal requirement of petitioning for a change in the law. ... Signers' names should be public in the same way that lawmakers' names, are public. Years ago, I had a mad crush on was crazy in love with deeply admired one of my political science professors. Something he said has always stuck with me. Just a pithy little truism, I suppose. But that doesn't make it any less valid.
Also I’ll be updating twice a week, instead of trhee times, so I can draw more detailed and smoother pages.
Why It’s Working: Using competition to perfect predictive models.
It's a Leap Year! Having one extra day in the year doesn't really mean that I have one whole extra day to stitch, but I would like to think so! Unfortunately work does tend to get in the way of my stitching and blogging!
At the same time, Dilla was ushering in his own group, the Detroit-bred Slum Village, whom many called the successors to A Tribe Called Quest. Dilla never seemed happy with that comparison, however, and always insisted SV was harder-edged and more materialistic than the Native Tongues.
James Gordon, Director and Founder, Center for Mind-Body Medicine, has conducted mind-body skills trainings for patients and health care practitioners around the world. Gordon has said, “Mind-body medicine requires that we ground information about the science of mind-body approaches in practical, personal experience; that we appreciate the centrality of meditation to these practices; and that we understand—experientially as well as scientifically—that the health of our minds and the health of our bodies are inextricably connected to the transformation of the spirit.”
Imagine going to retrieve your pet only to learn that the animal has been abused, neglected or even killed by the person you trusted to care for it.
Since the fall of the Berlin wall, very few, if any, white Europeans have benefited from Asylum legislation either here or in the States. Some might argue that most European countries no longer have oppressive governments so their citizens do not qualify for asylum. Others would question that assertion, and in any event how can these two men be considered guilty of anything other than a thought crime and the false belief that the right of free speech existed in Britain?.
But it’s what made Julia a star, so it’s OK.
Our present day prison system is built on the idea that the right way of dealing with bad behaviour is to inflict pain on the offender. While we are certainly moving in the right direction, with improved anti-bullying, some efforts at teaching skills and elements of emotional education, we still fall short in important areas. Most important of all is in fact public opinion. As long as people in society call for harsher treatment, and use criminals as scapegoats for the ills of our world, they cannot be treated fairly – and it will be their victims, and future victims who suffer.
Not only that, she phoned Chris Evans on Friday to tell him she was going to do it and she'll be telling him about it on his Radio 2 Breakfast Show tomorrow!
My primary inspiration for this post is a recent post at Patrol Magazine by David Sessions. I love Patrol (as I’ve said before), and I respect David a lot (see his comment on my original Douthat post). I used to write for them a couple of years ago. I consider their editors (as well as some of their former writers) to be “friends” of mine (in that unique-to-our-generation, online-only, never-met-in-person sort of way). All that being said, I felt like the post was a tad unfair and didn’t give Douthat the benefit-of-the-doubt–that I believe he has earned–to think more than what was in the book.
“I thought not. I could make that land larger for a price. I want you to take me into your service” asserted the Voice in a tone that concealed whatever nefarious scheme it had concocted.
You see, if clothes make the man, your clothes made you a bank robber. No word of a lie. You ought to consider things like that when you get dressed for a run. In May. On a warm night.
--forty and four,
And don't get me started on the impact of fun @ work on productivity, creativity and problem solving. When we have fun @ work we immediately enter the realm of possibility and 'other-ness', even for a short time we exit our work-constraints and instead push back the boundaries of our minds to make way for more of the ridiculous. These very acts of 'exiting and pushing back' are the little windows through which imagination and innovation can enter the scene, and enter they will if we let them.
Patterned Paper: Basic Grey
I won’t be continuing this blog after finals are over. I hope I was able to provide information readers didn’t know before. Hopefully you know more about your surroundings as well.
2. Buffalo Bills
What does it all mean? That's not for us to decide. But what you can help decide is the new name for the former "Sun Devil Ale". Show San Tan your support, and vote. Better yet, stop by for a pint. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
In an ongoing investigation, the Social Security Administration has found that Weston was getting the checks for four relatives, including children; five individuals who were not related; and one person who had the same last name but whose relationship to Weston has not been firmly established.
Want to win a 4 pack of tickets to the Feb. 2, 7:00 show at the Allstate Arena? Leave me a comment here with your favorite Disney character and I'll choose a random winner on Wednesday, January 27. Before leaving a comment, check your calendar and make sure you'll be in Chicagoland and can make the show on Tuesday, February 2 at 7:00. Good luck!
We sit, now, right at the turning point of beginning to move back
Everytime I’ve had à wonderful time or day My head starts singing her music. The lyrics of her songs are for us italians poetry. It is maybe not a coincidence but surely “blood” calling as they say it in Italy. My grandmother was Sicilian of origin (Catania) and I have all the temper, stubborness and love for life that the Sicilians have. This is one of the reazons why My closest friends call me Etna. ;) I Will share with you all one of My favorite performances since I was listening her cd tonight. Her sentence in this song reminded me of another reazon why I so much love skulls. Among so many others because they are the “hidden cause” behind an effortless beauty…
Then we traveled to Northern Minnesota where we camped on an island for three days, drank purple cows, took our picture with Paul Bunyan. For our next stop we drove a little further west to participate in a wedding: a matron of honor, two junior flowermaids, a singer/guitar player, a ring bearer and a reader. We all had a job. We tubed down a river, rehearsed, met some new friends and celebrated with dear friends and danced the night away.
TC Sophisticated Cricut cart - 'Mom' @ 1" using the Font2 feature, flower1 @ 1" & 1 1/4" (only used the shift pieces)
Wolf, hireling or good shepherd?
Prindiville is active in numerous professional and community organizations, including Public Policy Forum, Executive Board for Community Colleges International Development, International Institute of Wisconsin, Waukesha County Business Alliance, WCTC Foundation, Board of Advisors for the Carroll University Center for Leadership Excellence, Waukesha County Economic Development Corporation and the Waukesha-Ozaukee-Washington County Workforce Development Board. Her other memberships include the President’s Advisory Council at Carroll University and the Workforce Development Center Leadership Executive Committee.
Because we have insisted, and continue, to use and abuse her body for capital gain, like a pimp selling the services of a whore for his own profit, Gaia has only one of two choices at this critical point. She can either die, physically and/or spiritually – as many abused women do – or she can stand up and boot the abusers out the door. I’m placing my bets, based on the evidence I have observed (USGS world earthquake and volcano maps are useful), on the latter. The batterers are now becoming the battered. Our karmic debts are coming home to roost. Gaia’s survival is not our concern – she’ll be fine. Ours is of concern as, in point of fact, her health (and her other charges – non-human flora and fauna) is far better off without us.
GARROSH: Oh.
embracing each other every now and whileWe had lost us into ourselves
What began as a hearing sympathetic to the police’s budget constraints turned into a barrage of criticism as the conversation moved from what the police required to do their jobs, to the savings that could be achieved by simply cutting out waste and graft.
With the current economic climate effecting peoples budgets, people are now more then ever looking for good value breaks and Kerry has something for all budgets. Many B&B’s are offering rates from as little as €25 per night. Eating out has never been such good value with so many great restaurants offering exceptional value Early Bird Menus. What ever your budget is here in Kerry you are sure to find cheap hotels and guesthouses.
Even if I could make an argument to the pleasing aesthetics of a human skull (but I won't) why would there be skulls on your legs just up to your calves??
That’s it. There’s never been a documented case of anyone contracting HIV in a normal household setting. You can’t get it by drinking out of the same cup, by giving hugs or kisses, wrestling, or just being plain goofy. What every normal family does.
I was trying to catch the rainbow.
In the face of sever budget cuts to loved and cherished Ontario social programs, Casino Toronto might just be the gamble the government needs to help with its “little defecate problem.”
So, throw some chocolate chips and cream in the slow cooker while you go sleigh riding and it will be hot and ready when you are done enjoying the outside! Just pour and drink to warm up!
The first Friday in May.... How is it May already? Tomorrow is supposed to be the largest full moon of the year. Here's to a cloudless night so we can see it and enjoy how amazing it is! (and here's to none of the full moon shenanigans life seems to play on us.... flat tires and restless kiddos and such...).
- explain what Jesus wanted the disciples to do after He was gone
Greetings dear Visitor
Oh, and Jacob is a werewolf. Werewolves hate vampires. And vice versa.
Hundreds from Occupy Wall Street marched over the Williamsburg Bridge from Brooklyn to Manhattan, but did not shut down any bridges or tunnels as organizers earlier had planned.
To make it even easier to bake I also included 12 muffin cases and 2 six-hole muffin tins which were only 99p each from the local factory shop. Everything fits neatly into a gift bag with the perfect Christmas design on it.
The new title features stunning strips from writer Ferg Handley, art by Cosmo White and colours by Kat Nicholson, alongside a mix of puzzles, competitions, features and, of course, a ThunderCats free gift every issue.
So I amble, dawdle, ramble and roam
but we shall see... :)
And she holds to me a mirror,
2. I usually only piant my nails on my left hand, that's why my left hand is stained and my right hand isn't.
Each of the next several posts will examine and give detailed information on each step as we cover it. However, it is also important to remember that I did not come up with this information all on my own. The following sites or blogs contributed greatly to helping me understand and utilize SSL encryption and certificates. As we go forward, please check them for the final say on what I am telling you. I might get something wrong. I will also welcome your comments and suggestions on how this goes. Follow along. We must might learn something.
But looking at earlier photos from the late 1970s/1980s she is wearing very sructured, classic peices - and I just had to share some of my favourites.
You have until midnight October 14th to cast your vote.
When worn with more dramatic upper lashes
2. Candy
* Lightweight aluminium chassis
I didn't mean to hurt her. When I found out that I did, I apologized. But it has nevertheless blown up.
There is a question I would like to ask Mr Meir.
But when you came into my life, you completed that love, I knew all so well...
Now starting out the book I loved how Harry really did have a normal life. He couldn’t do magic and still had to live with the Dursley’s whom I actually like, frustrated by like. Their attitudes are completly annoying but they give Harry a sense of realiness. Magic is not the only thing. I think that it also really does give more to the plot because it lets you understand Harry more.
Knight of Malta and happy member of the Vatican-controlled Bohemian
The goal of this class is to think about what it would look like for the Christian faith to be that shaping, formative story which – explicitly or subconsciously – shapes the foundational ways in which we see the world. And the way we’re going to approach this question is through the writings of two English fantasy writers with a brief discussion of a Victorian journalist enormously admired by both our writers. Late in his life, C.S. Lewis wrote an autobiography of his early life titled Surprised by Joy. In it he described the effect that the fairy tales of George MacDonald had on him: “They baptized my imagination,” he said. Over the next six weeks we’re going to return over and over to that line – what is a baptized imagination? What does it mean for our very imagination, the core of our being, to be itself Christian?
I bought a stamp that says that - it has the little Hallmark crown over it and it just cracks me UP!
Starting with my own, @GreenEyedLilo:
To be honest, I am very sad. This will probably shock my many LGBT friends and relatives because, I trust, you always have found (and I promise always will find) me to be unconditionally accepting of you. I love you as much as I did. I love you unconditionally. However, I also love the Lord.
Bazaar apparently dates from 1985. Note this is not the version that appeared on the 1999 compilation Another Pyrrhic Victory. This track again is again similar in feel to most of the tracks on the Come On Down LP.
the job done to take any 'progress' pictures.
How much does Saudi Arabia hate women? So much so that 15 girls died in a school fire in Mecca in 2002, after “morality police” barred them from fleeing the burning building — and kept firefighters from rescuing them — because the girls were not wearing headscarves and cloaks required in public. And nothing happened. No one was put on trial. Parents were silenced. The only concession to the horror was that girls’ education was quietly taken away by then-Crown Prince Abdullah from the Salafi zealots, who have nonetheless managed to retain their vise-like grip on the kingdom’s education system writ large.
In a shallow bowl, spoon apple mixture over top and
The Present Day Shaun
In future posts, I'll talk about other types of fun, high-energy Grand Entrances.
I don't want to be a spoiler here, so I won't say a lot more. What I will say is that "Started Early, Took My Dog" is well worth the time spent reading it, and indeed, following along with Jackson Brodie as things reveal themselves. However, I would recommend reading the three earlier Atkinson books, "One Good Turn," "When Will There Be Good News" and the previously mentioned "Case Histories" in order (and not that order!) to get underneath Jackson Brodie's skin and learn about this tortured detective. And I promise, you'll find them all fascinating.
Imagine visitors wandering around your art gallery, centre, museum or park with an interactive App that encourages them to look at details and discover connections to their own lives. It’s getting closer every day.
“But, I need to know, why am I here?” Obadiah strained to see into the darkness but all he could make out were thick ferns next to the canal. “Can’t you show yourself, I wish to know who I’m speaking to,” Obadiah added boldly. He felt peculiar but not afraid.
(even though his gifts mean work for him in the future :)
This is probably one of the most bodgit & scarper things I've done (well almost) however the end result is quite comfy.
If he were traveling with a British passport that would provide proof that he was born in Kenya on August 4, 1961, not in Hawaii as he claims.. And if he were traveling with an Indonesian passport that would tend to prove that he relinquished whatever previous citizenship he held, British or American, prior to being adopted by his Indonesian step-father in 1967 … MORE HERE
NEC, +74%
This has led me to initiate destructive relationships, led me to dissolve good ones, led me to put my life in danger for any of a hundred stupid reasons, and led me to make more than my fair share of bad choices. Yes, it is this part of myself that has lead me to fall head over heals in love way too quickly and in turn led to recurring heartbreak. This is the part of me that used to be way too eager to trust and in turn brought me to countless disappointments. This is the part of my personality that has gotten me arrested on occasion – I’m sure we’ll get into this at some later date – and has even landed me in the emergency room on at least two occasions (that I can remember). Yes, this is the part of me that is often easy to anger, upset, annoy, intrigue, amuse, surprise, elate, piss off, sympathize, grieve, panic and embarrass, which in turn leads me to act out, cry, stomp my feet, concentrate deeply, laugh like a hyena, shout, grin from ear to ear, rage like an insane person, reach out to anyone (regardless of the wisdom in doing so), weep uncontrollably, completely freak out, blush and/or try to hide out. Damn, that was a mouthful.
Windsong
On a sidenote, Claudy's co-worker made him this blanket. He loves looking at the patterns. Pretty psychedelic!
1. Oscar Cullmann, Les premières confessions de foi chrétiennes (1943). Cited in Richard N. Longenecker, New Wine into Fresh Wineskins: Contextualizing the Early Christian Confessions (Peabody, Mass.: Hendrickson, 1999), 14.
05. THE INESCAPABLE TRAP (死角なき罠): Okita is determined to destroy Gamilas' outpost on Pluto, the launching point of the Planet Bombs dropped on Earth. The Yamato plans a strategic airstrike, but they are countered by Gamilas' long-range Reflection Satellite Gun. Losing control, the Yamato plunges into the frozen sea on Pluto...
So it’s against some code of ethics to accuse a priest of subterfuge, even when we have the evidence from historical scholars that Olivieri did precisely what I accuse him of? And if Mr. Palm thinks that I misconstrued the true office of Olivieri, let him show us the evidence instead of his mere assertions.
But I knew that I was supporting the very best cause imaginable. But it was more than that. I informed this family (who I do not know at all) that I was buying. They responded, "Oh thank you! No one has purchased a thing from us - thank you so much!"
I look forward to spending more time in Kindergarten classrooms – every secondary math teacher should get the opportunity at some point in his or her career.
I'm back at the Sauce, and I am at a loss as to which style to sample. I'm still pretty far from the 200 beers needed to get a plate on the wall, so I'm still drinking the beers on the Fire Sale. This means I'm going for the New Belgium seasonal, Springboard. The lady tells me that this is a blonde ale, so blonde ales it is for the night.
i'm part of that generation that was going to live hard and die young...or so we said...
C1
Moreover, during the administration of President Richard Brodhead (2005-), the university’s most significant racially-oriented episode involved not racism toward African-American students or professors but a racially-charged crusade directed by members of the school’s African-American Studies Department against a group of falsely accused white Duke students. Apart from a single statement from Provost Peter Lange rebuking an outright racist screed from then-Duke professor Houston Baker—and a vague, tardy, and ultimately toothless apology from Brodhead—there’s no evidence that anyone from Duke’s administration ever addressed this faculty behavior, or ever rebuked those Duke professors whose private biases led them to ignore their obligations to their own institution’s students.
6. Any State in excessive deficit will submit an economic partnership programme detailing the necessary structural reforms to ensure effective correction, for endorsement by the European Commission and the European Council.
Since making my big announcement I have been busy on several designs for new clients. It really has been a wonderful collaboration and again, I can't believe I waited so long to jump on board with Envelopments.
Contrary to every inner prompting I walked on.
The pros being meeting three or four close friends whom I still see to this day, learning to read at such a young age that I don’t remember learning it, participating in/creating several cool and creative projects, and experiencing the school atmosphere.
They were nice, tho. One bought me a Guiness and Napkin Man tipped me five dollars as I played all his 90′s hip-hop requests.
On the way, they met the Mouse. They all had the same conversation with the Mouse.
I have a point here, Abby you know Abby? She and I go way way back like 18 years and 9months(give or take a few months). Well she is graduating in May. She just got all of her graduation goodies like cap and gown,announcements,thank you cards etc...
I've been using recycled glass jars, as I did last year. But this year, I've been washing them and then sterilizing them for about 10 minutes in a 150 degree oven. I pop the jar lids in for a minute or two. Once almost filled to the top, I screw on the lid tightly and then turn them upside down on the bench. I leave them for about ten minutes before turning them the right way up. When they are cooled the lids that have a raised middle should be able to be pressed to invert them. I've been using this method for about 6 months and with good success so far.
To pass the time, Mom started doing a lot of word search puzzles. It was her way of keeping her mind active. It was difficult for her to read, but she could still focus on one word at a time. She had dozens of those books lying all around the house. No matter where she went, she could do a puzzle.
I must say the cop-protagonist of this novel is one of the brightest lights in the clone world, an exact replica of Thomas Jefferson. But as I kept reading, the improbabilities kept bumping into each other and I just couldn't believe the storyline. Thank you for letting me see this, and I wish I could be more enthusiastic. HarperCollins Publishers
0:)
Anyway, here are pictures of the china. Books were on a separate table. 84 lots of china. I took three pictures so you're getting three views, wicked waste makes woeful want, as they say.
The SuperMarket Smarty features a unique patent pending design that organizes, informs, and helps you plan your menu and grocery trips. The SuperMarket Smarty has a retail price of $9.99 and features:
Kind of a weird flashback episode that takes place on a submarine in WWII that both Spike and Angel are oddly on. Didn’t ever buy the premise and other than one good joke there wasn’t much else there despite some good guest star work from actor Eyal Podell.
Cawthon Lang KA. 2006 January 3. Primate Factsheets: Vervet (Chlorocebus) Taxonomy, Morphology, & Ecology. http://pin.primate.wisc.edu/factsheets/entry/vervet. Accessed 2011 March 9.
Guilty as charged.
Also as a side note, I would like all my Bartender,cocktailers, and cocktail enthusiasts to check out my sister website The Bartender Lounge. This is a place where all our professional opinions can be heard and we also can get compensation from it. If you will please follow this link and sign up and enjoy...
WRONG!! Not according to any of the Beer rating sites. Lets call them the voice of the people. Beer Advocate is based on the East Coast and RATE beer is based on West. So between the two, we can say if a FAIR voice of the beer nation.
A lot of people tell me not to worry. Unless they've been in the shoes of someone who knows what it's like to lose a baby, then I don't want them to tell me that. I feel like I have earned the right to worry about Jude. No, I don't like worrying about him, but I don't like feeling that other people think I'm silly or crazy, as if I haven't been through anything to warrant extra concern for my unborn baby. All I know is a devastating ending. All I know of pregnancy is death. The only other baby I had died inside of me. No one can expect me not to let my imagination run. I can't be confident and calm all the time. I wish I was. I would love to be. It would make this so much easier! But I know I won't finally feel better until Jude is in my arms, healthy and alive.
I also intend to up the excitement factor! I'm a bit of a "fun junky" and I cannot stand being bored. I need to dance more, travel more, socialise more because as much as I like baking and cooking and family life, I'm not really all that domesticated. Plus I'm very good at doing all of it anyway!!
Note: The owners of referenced or linked-to materials do not endorse me or this site.
Mandy Patinkin (btw, who is notorious for leaving in the middle of productions) is the doubting Thomas reining in Dane and her unfounded suspicions.
I stood by the side of the stove, telling her about my day while she whipped up chicken and green beans and rice or spaghetti or coq au vin or gumbo.
While traversing through these soaring forests topped with snowy creaminess, you are cradled along Nature’s protective snow forest canals, away from harsh winds.
6. Prawn and Quartered—This lovely slice of fried gold is a treasure trove of humor, thought, and introspection. You’ll laugh so hard milk comes out your nose and then bemoan the fact you aren’t nearly as funny and/or thoughtful as she is.
Rnd 5-12) ch2, dc in same st and in each st around. Sl st to top of first dc.
$1.00 off Glade PlugIns Scented Gel products
When I think about the times when I live in the moment. On the allotment, where I often just turn up, whatever mood I'm in, whatever the weather. I don't always know what I'm going to do. I just turn up and start somewhere on the plot... pulling up weeds for example, or planting something, or like last weekend, clearing the paths of weeds, covering them and putting chippings down. Most of the time, I focus on what I'm doing. It's very practical, often repetitive, and involves exertion. I'm conscious of what I'm doing, and whether it's hot, the birds chirruping, the strimmer somewhere on the plot, when the sun goes behind the clouds, whether I'm thirsty or not, how wet or dry the soil is, how it feels to dig the fork into the ground, the smell of the soil. I still think about other things, but the thoughts come and go. Often I can arrive in a bad mood or a tired mood or preoccupied and it works out by the time I finish. I notice what has grown a little more, I notice everything. It's the time when I am most observant of what's around me, but also observant of how I feel in a very uncomplicated way.
And then, just couple of ‘blitz’ (run the mixer on juicer) we do not want to mash everything together. We want itsy-bitsy pieces of dal.
STEVENS POINT, Wis., April 19, 2012 /PRNewswire/ — NewPage announced today that the company’s 7 pt. Sterling® Ultra web cover paper served as a key component of an award-winning Super Bowl XLV collector’s edition program cover produced by its customer, Hazen Paper.
Point being: One of the best things someone feeling lost in the church can do is read history. You’ll meet lots of friends who can help you as you struggle, a lot of them will probably be from church history, but if you’re like Yancey, you’ll find help from several non-Christians too. Yancey’s friends are Martin Luther King, Jr., G.K. Chesterton, Dr. Paul Brand, Dr. Robert Coles, Leo Tolstoy and Feodor Dostoevsky, Mahatma Gandhi, Dr. C Everett Koop, John Donne, Annie Dillard, Frederick Buechner, Shusaku Endo, and Henri Nouwen.
"You're not going crazy," said Will with maddening calm. "You're not seeing things at all. This is part of your heritage and history. It's time you knew about it."
The most compelling definition of the perfection of proportions is the image known a ‘Vitruvian Man’.
If you are considering a trip to NYC I highly suggest going -- a fabulous place
1 ong
WANT TO USE THIS ARTICLE IN YOUR E-ZINE OR WEB SITE?
Muslims are forbidden from depicting human or animal images in their work. They would not approve of the T shirts of today’s youth, showing images of rock stars.
The Tuanku also hit out at the organisers of the recent Bersih protest, which drew thousands of demonstrators, saying that he could not accept illegal gatherings and that the law must be respected.
This is my first layout with the new Blast Off line, done for the Sew Dang Cute post on the Bo Bunny Blog which is one of my favourite posts every month because I love stitching on a layout, I think it just always gives it that something extra :)
Well, children have an amazing ability to learn quickly and efficiently. Their brains are like sponges and as far as language learning goes they have the ability to learn without many of the anxieties adults have. They learn for fun, not out of obligation, or to improve their resume, but because it‘s an activity. Enrolling children early on for English courses outside of school will only improve their school performance. Teens are similar in that they are still so young and have the ability to learn at such a high level. If you doubt this, check any teenagers Trigonometry homework, and chances are your opinion will change. Not to mention that after taking an extra English course, children and teens alike will have the ability to return to school confident in what they know, enabling them to really concentrate and fully engage in more advanced lessons later on.
Rae, and her puggies Priscilla and Phyllis sent shampoo and treats!
The shooter, whom Jordan described as a "lone wolf," was reportedly driving an older white pickup and used a small-caliber gun in the shootings, he said.
we shall see…
DJ: oh no
Me: Aaaagggghhhh....
Lee Davies
Michael Jackson grins at me, makes a joke about himself and my dog doing some kind of backwards walk and then heads off into the crowd.
Very soon, though, this blog will rev back to life in ways it never has. I have big plans for it, and hopes and dreams, almost as big as those for my novels and plays. I will keep you posted, so look for me in a week or two!
I knew I wanted a Boston Terrier but I decided that I didn’t need a puppy due to me having a full time job. So I was keeping my eye out for just the right dog when I saw her posting on Craigslist. I emailed that person so fast and badabing badaboom, I was the proud owner of Milly the next day!
This exam is tough, this is really gay
"In 1997 when my Dad was dying of cancer, Dr Hindman told him to not worry about my Mom, that he would watch over her and make sure she was OK. He fulfilled that promise. . . . Dr Hindman was a man of good character and went out of his way for many people."
These should not be treated with the same types of treatment. You are going to have to get special treatment and the right medicine to treat this disease. There are some people who have this disease will not know they have it. They may not have any of the signs of the disease. They may have painless warts on their sex organs. Those warts will be different in size and can be smooth or bumpy.
Not one of the central demands of public sector workers has been met. All public sector workers are still being told to work longer, pay more and get less.
I watched “The Beaver” tonight and that’s the theme. My title might have reminded you of the graduation speech at the end, if you’ve seen it: “What if some of human experience is just something that you inherit like curly hair or blue eyes? What if pain is just in your DNA and tragedy is your birthright?” I’ve grown up with these questions in and around me.
Again, not entirely a legit complaint, but I have utmost respect for SAPS. These guys go into dangerous situations and fight real bad guys like murderers and drug lords. JMPD like stopping rich white people in BMW’s and making their lives shit. They are like the bulleys from high school whose teacher was on the committee. Fight some real bad guys JMPD or GTFO.
Come and play as the wild fairies play
Stephen Meyer, on the other hand, though he does argue that intelligent design can be detected in evolutionary steps as Behe proposes (thus, for instance, his provocative essay on the Cambrian explosion published in Debating Design co-edited by Michael Ruse and William Dembski), his principle argument is actually situated at the very origin of life. In Behe’s case, there are dozens of proposals for the steps leading up to the bacterial flagellum, none of which happen to be plausible or convincing – or at least not as plausible or convincing as intelligent design. In Meyer’s case, there is actually no alternative hypothesis on the table at all, let alone a plausible one. It is more difficult to imagine this kind of intelligent design proposal being dissolved. However, Meyer’s case is qualitatively different from Behe’s, since Behe’s proposal is for intelligent design to act as part of the explanation for how things evolved, and Meyer’s case is about how life arose at all.
The Synopsis:
I bet adamant watchers of the RSI are still pushing in however, given how the Wednesday opening got beat back in above a level that showed RSI 21 at above the 50 level, and closing Friday on RSI 21 at 58.8 while shorter term RSI adjusts down even further on its Friday close. Very few people thus read RSI as overbought, and it might come back in vogue somewhere around HK$21-22 assuming a straight run up.
“I am sorry sir, but we have received notification that you are barred from all LetsGo stores.” She smiled with pleasure at Haley, noticing her for the first time. “I’m sorry sir, but there’s nothing we can do.”
Well, I quit my job. Now I am 27, a little below average height, a lot above average weight, male pattern baldness running rampant through my genes, and unemployed.
But this. This was different. I always thought of the Hungarians as mild-mannered people, spice-wise, based, I suppose, on their love of sweet paprika.
Reading Assignment:
His legs were crippled by a disease, so the Moxx chose to travel around on a fast-moving anti-gravity chair. The chair also replaced his body fluids every twenty minutes so that he didn't sweat glaxic acid. He greeted visitors or friends by spitting in their faces.
American spend 8 billion dollars annually on cosmetics.
I wont get into the whole argument, but I found it interesting when the topic of racism in television was brought up, especially when my teacher mentioned The Bachelor. I am not a die-hard fan of this show, but I did get myself sucked in to a few seasons that had a bachelor or bachelorette that I actually found interesting, so when he mentioned this show as a racist one, I was confused.
Anxious
In those patients with mild to moderate brow bossing and thick skull bone over the frontal sinus (or are missing a frontal sinus), bone reduction by burring can be done with a nice result. When brow bossing is present but the bone thickness over the frontal sinus is thin, simple bone reduction contouring is impossible without entering the frontal sinus.
There will be lots of fun vendors, with lots of cute things! I'll be there with my friend who is selling those ADORABLE wood letters that are decorated and embellished so stinkin' cute!!! I promise you won't be disappointed if you come!
The parties responsible for the pollution at Newtown, on the other hand, are well known—ExxonMobil, BP and Chevron, along with several industrial companies along the waterfront. The city supported the designation at Newtown because there was “no other way to clean it up,” Lavorgna said.
If you want to read a little more about Stencel,
for those who have no preferences.
I would also like to share another scene. This one is from the cartoon series Avatar; The Last Airbender. It's the scene in the third "book" (what they called seasons/series') where Aang and Katara dance. It's more of a choreographed fight than an actual dance, but it still looks amazing. It was actually watching this scene that inspired me to make d "dancing".
confession 5: I am lurving black and white pictures. just because.
This is going to turn into something of a love letter, but I promise when I’m finished you’ll be just as obsessed as I am. Or you won’t. Do whatever you like.
I can’t imagine what life would be like if I had left Norfolk right after high school, or even at an earlier age. Sure I still have time to experiment and see what it is like (I can start saving now for a trip to the 2014 World Cup in Brazil), but I feel that part of my true identity would be left behind. I would just be another stranger on the sidewalk, making his way through the maze called life. To me, that would be strange . For now… let’s keep it local.
Yuck! I wrote those couple of lines above a few days ago. Nothing has changed but I don't feel as desperate as I did on Thursday. At least I don't think I do.
In this God designed place, it takes effort to keep the chain locked. Everything tells you to watch our for yourself, but it's only by linking our arms with others that we overcome! After all, breaking the chain in Red Rover means the other team is winning. Not a good strategy if you want to see victory! And I do.
- falling down stairs that have no hand-rail
1. Never leave just before someone’s almost going to kill you
More detail on the background to this decision
29. “All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them.” –Walt Disney
They sing plenty about falling in love and falling out of love, but always with a wink that suggests they know how ridiculous it all is. In addition, they also have a political edge to them; Bacalhau speaks of the effect “Parva Que Sou” has on audiences in Portugal, telling as it does of a woman’s fight to retain her dignity and sense of purpose in an economic climate that dumps on the poor. And there are so just many songs that put a huge smile on your face – “Mal por Mal” or “Fon Fon Fon” or “Movimento perpetuo associativo” (ignore the title, they’ll have you singing along in no time), as well as ones that are so beautiful, they’ll take your breath away: I almost burst into tears at the loveliness of “Passou por mim” and I doubt you’ll find a more gorgeous song than “Clandestino” anywhere. And as for “Um contra o outro” – it has one of the catchiest choruses ever. Really. Ever.
pineapple filling – I just bought 1 packet of the readymade ones and I add a bit of hotwater to the filling, just a bit so that they won’t be too dry.
2) Contrasts
Taking no chances
So let's see
These two were my favorite floats. I love the giant turkey and the kids were thrilled to see Santa for the first time this year!
and a little more worn
My next projects are what i have created on Orlando as i visited there in 2001 and am returning again in 2012 to visit some of the places that we didnt get to first time around.
And then we divorced 25 years later. Never trust a man who doesn’t like DiCarlo’s pizza. Really.
Dad was the official icing applier. He was really good at it. Once the icing was on, it was time for some candy.
One trait that has been lost on me, however, is my dad’s scientific nature. A dentist by trade and Back to the Future’s Doc Brown at heart, Tim Harper, D.D.S. is endlessly curious about the nature of all that is best explained by biology, chemistry and physics. While I, like the narrator of Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star, might be inclined to eternally wonder exactly what role stars play in our solar system, my dad correctly identifies them as the old-as-time collections of gas that they are. Once when I was having trouble getting my printer to work, my dad suggested using the scientific method to solve the problem. As I started to laugh, I looked up, saw the earnest expression on his face and realized he was not kidding.
While you were busy focusing on Al Queda and Al Sharpton, Al Crakah tipped in an stole your pension!
/end shameless promotion
I absolutely loathe going out to eat with large groups of people, so I knew that the regular ole dining with friends deal wouldn't work for me. I wanted to do something that would be really fun and entertaining for everybody. So if you, like me, were born a performer, but your mediocre singing ability has held you back from fulfilling your total destiny as a star, then karaoke is for you.
- come back next week to party again!
So there's been a lot of time to reflect...on the goodness of others. How total strangers will be so kind and compassionate and helpful. How wonderful my dear family members and precious friends have been to think of ways to help, to encourage, and done so with a smile on their face and joy in their heart. I am blessed with amazing family and friends and will forever remember the sweetness they have brought into this otherwise drab season of life.
Individual and group entries are welcome. For more information, see us in the library and check out the New York State Archives website: http://www.archives.nysed.gov/a/grants/grants_student_sraguidelines.shtml
Most of all, look at this writing experience with an open mind. Sometimes the questions will be hard...and require some thought. That is a good thing. Other times it will be easy. You can add photos, or whatever you like to your post. It is about you after all. ~ Thanks for joining me.....I hope you enjoy this each week.
Taking Reverse Phone Lookup to your advantage is the key. Learn quickly like any other website systems. Entering a phone number is so simple indeed in getting info you need to have. Apart from considering as well the fact that it’s affordable. The simpler the better as always so why not take the easy route via this amazing system.
You get the picture. Sometimes, less is more.
“When a client comes to us and says they want to start using tablets in their business, we are quick to advise them to develop a strategy for the best and most effective usage,” said Greg Rosen, President of Ramp Up Technology, a Manhattan-based provider of technology support, IT & computer solutions, and interactive marketing. “Tablets are wonderful tools, but if they’re not used correctly based on the specific needs of a company, they can then be one of the most ineffective uses of time.”
Well, April has had other ideas.
Now here I am, ravaged, compromised, contused and stripped bare, and somebody loves me. Whether or not I was the heiress of a loving culture, family and inner worth, I now am left feeling begat of love, born of love and clueless. There’s another living, breathing, thinking, human being who voluntarily loves me. And, I’m more than okay with that.
Scientific journals will have a right to publish peer-reviewed studies, even if they are critical of products made by wealthy corporations.
He responded, “then we will, they said they would honour the tickets, don’t worry, they will sort it out,” he said, “ach, let’s get out of this stupid place.”
**The mixture will thicken as it cools. One method to test thickness of jelly is to drop a little onto a very cold surface. If the jelly does not run, then it is thick enough).
To conclude I think that in today’s time the disciples would be a 16 chavvy character whom works in somewhere like Asda who hangs around with a croup of friends at the local park! But the amazing thing is God uses there ordinary and adds his extraordinary to make them a powerful force!
Especially in the after school program, play is a great way for kids to decompress. It's a great way for them to be themselves, to pursue their interests, to work at their own pace, to solve their own problems, to disappear into a favorite book, to work out their frustrations, to learn about group dynamics. Play offers children who have limited time for recess during school to move and jump and run.
St Johns Wort:..A perennial plant with 5 petals bright yellow in appearance with small black dots. Properties:..High concentration of Melatonin. Treatments: this was until banned by the authorities used for treating depression.
My friend is absolutely right (along with R and others). This position has more holes than a sieve – even more so when one considers the very origins and raison d’être of Afrobeats. Dan Hancox again:
Months go by and I hear it come up again. Suddenly all phone calls are taken outside away from me. He becomes distant and non verbal. I start to do some research on Freemasons. I asked my pastor for his opinion and I even went to a Christian counselor. Everywhere I have turned it’s been nothing but negative feedback. My counselor told me to pray hard for him. She has family members that are involved and it’s not something for a follower of God to be involved in. Now I’m really scared. All the people who I trust are fearful for The Mr. I tell him about my fears and what I have heard and read. He becomes angry and tells me this is something he is doing regardless. A few weeks later he tells me that the advice I gave him should not have come from me it should have come from his brotherhood. Excuse me but we have always trusted and counted on one another’s opinions.
No barriers. I can’t tell you how often I see tables loaded with freebees and literature placed between sales and marketing staff and their prospects. Get the table out of the way, and engage your guests face-to-face.
After that, we went to lunch, then he had to be back with his, um, group (?), at 1pm. er, sorry, 1300 (hehehe), which lasted for 2 minutes, then we went to the Commisarry (first time!), which is the Army Grocery store (great prices, by the way), and to the PX. We looked around a little longer than we probably should have, and had to RUSH to get home in time to pick up the big kids.
Then there are the descriptions of Pale Ale picking up its distinctive flavour only after a long maturation. You know what that screams at me? Brettanomyces. What else takes so long to develop?
shellfish
It has started me thinking about other perspectives in life.
This is a video of Dinah from about three weeks ago.
[18] See Robert H. Gundry, “Salvation in Matthew,” in Society of Biblical Literature: 2000 Seminar Papers (Atlanta: Society of Biblical Literature, 2000), 402-414 for a more detailed discussion of
- 2 medium tomatoes, skinned and chopped (I didn't bother skinning them)
But before you go, I've got a little something to give away. I'm giving away 2 pezzy prints charm packs to one lucky winner. All you have to do is leave a comment. If you like, I would love to hear what you like to do with charm packs, cuz I've got a few more sitting on my table waiting for some great ideas. The winner will be drawn at random on March 23rd when I wake up. Here's a picture of all the great colors, and there are 2 charm packs for this give away.
It's not what's been replaced or added it's what still remains or- better yet- not so much what is still visible but what is invisible that pulls me back.
We rarely eat meat, (1) because it is SO expensive here on the island (no joke, for 2 chicken breast it comes to about $9.20, seriously!) and (2) because when I go to the butcher I get weirded out by the whole animals hanging there, just staring at me!!! Okay, so it is mostly because it costs so much and I get nervous when trying to speak Greek, maybe I will bring home goat liver instead of chicken. Anyway, since we don't eat meat often, I really like to substitute vegetables. Here is my version of a "Vegetarian Pastitsio" a wonderful alternative for my veggie loving friends!
After searching high and low on Pinterest and online I was quiet unsuccessful in my quest.
*Visit www.nbc.com/casting and closely follow the instructions for taping your 3- to 5-minute audition video, and send your completed application, photo, videotape and copy of your driver's license to:
06 Panic in Detroit
The original restaurant occupied the new construction which was completed about two years ago.(the part of the building that extends from the back of the property out to the sidewalk.) Gaining additional seating required expanding into the first floor of the original structure and coverting about 3/4 of the first floor to more table space.
7. When We Two Parted
It was then that I realized, regardless of the biopsy results... whatever was in my lungs, was there, the only thing that was up to me, was how I was going to deal with that.
The suggestion that Greece should be commissariata is a crude response to Greece's post-colonels' political underdevelopment. No-one could risk taking on Greek fiscal governance: apart from the unlikelihood of being any more successful than the elected Parliament at imposing fiscal restraint measures, there are no means to assert sovereign control for Greeks, never mind Germans.
Motlanthe, Dipico and other beneficiaries of the trust in effect increased their ownership of the initial holding from 10% to 50%, without spending any more money.
Put on the Brakes People!
Yes Geli dear, but as every Enron investor could attest, the past is no guide to the future. And your economy just slowed by half. And the euro is stable in the same way that rice pudding has the consistency of reinforced concrete.
MandyZ
We just need to focus.
The only thing I have left to do is replace the tap on the sink. It's very hard to control the temperature of the water with the present faucet so I will be replacing it with a two tap faucet in the future. But as there are more important things to take care of first - like painting the rest of the house - it will wait.
Well, that turned out to be a lengthy show and tell. Took up quite a chunk of my time too. Precious time. Makes me realise just how much extra time I had for creating this month since I haven't been blogging. Until next time...
If you don't like cabbage or sauerkraut this dish isn't for you. It is one of Dr. Foods favs. I love it too (hey, I just sounded like the Irish Spring commercial from when I was a kid! Uh oh, I am old.)
From Britain alone there are millions of such stories. So many young lovers torn apart never to meet again in this world, so many futures which could have been but never were, so many hopes dreams and plans which came to nothing, and in particular so many young men who sacrificed everything and died terrible deaths for the sake of their country and the love of their homeland.
But a nap would be good.
The influential religious sect Iglesia Ni Cristo will gather its flock Tuesday in what organizers described as a “Grand Evangelical Mission” or as political observers would say, “show of force.”
Plain and simple, I want the opportunity to parent a girl child. I want the bows, the frills, the tea parties, the obnoxious Barbie shoes that will mingle with the legos in my life. And darn it, I'm tired of apologizing for that desire. I want a grown up relationship with my daughter, whatever that may be. I want to see things through her eyes. I want to be the mother of the bride. I want to watch my husband with a pink bundle. To watch him dance with her. To stop being excluded from Mother/Daughter lunches, spa days, and picture options. (not that I let those terms stop me. Those who know me, know I've shown up with a boy or two in tow to picture sessions and lunches).
I know what I was thinking when I witnessed this agonizingly prolonged scene: Come on, Delphine, just say something! Don't just sit there and wallow in your own misery! Take some action and do something to fix it! And yet...I understand the impulse to wallow all too well.
Brand: Bumble and Bumble
It is only May but I have witnessed the best film of 2011 and it is 13 Assassins. The following review will contain nothing but fulsome praise for Takashi Miike’s film so brace yourselves…
Do you have silver and gold coins or bullion tucked away?
Jean’s work combines images that speak to me: the often harsh landscape of Montana, where four generations of my family have lived; images of women; the feminine and flowing lines of beautiful fabrics and clothing.
1930: 1042.5 OG
Yet memories of days gone by, will always remain within my heart.
While we recognize the ruling isn’t going to have any early impact on the multibillion dollar business of campaign finance, we still believe it is good public policy. Average Americans are powerless to stop the influence of big money in politics, but at least they can find out how it’s spent.
My ultimate intention is to reach out to everyone who works in the creative
Long ago when I was a teenager, I occasionally accompanied a relative of mine on journeys to do with his business, taking the opportunity to discover bits of the country I’d not normally have known about in the process. One regular trip was to Loughborough, and the last leg was up the A6 from Leicester. We didn’t have much time for places like Mountsorrel, a small town on the A6 that I remember as being full of grime, noise, and fumes from the cars and lorries on the main road, which carved its way straight through the centre. ‘A decayed market town,’ Pevsner called it, and no wonder. And as for the church. Well, who would bother to pay attention to a building so pulled about, patched up with brick, apparently unloved, its walls of local granite graying over with dust? Added to which, it
“Good Lord!! Have you no culture woman???? You don’t go murdering bugs and insects with Fine Wine Magazines!!”
Its an apple problem so if you run into this go do the apple store.
It's 2012 already!!! How time flies...
I got bruised and I am all sore.
Holder’s letter appeared to be part of an Obama administration effort to respond more forcefully to the growing criticism over how the suspect was detained and questioned, an issue that has caused political problems for the White House.
Have you decided to get Direct TV yet?
cook on low for 5-6 hours
He's a character . . . what can I say?
I hope you’ll go to your local ice rink and give it whirl. Have fun! Let me know how you like it!
Ironic to come into work and find an influx of folks sharing these two videos – created by a Dutch filmmaker and father. His children’s life, growth, personalities – their moments – all beautifully captured in less than three minutes. What a gorgeous tribute to his children and such an amazing way to honor this magical parenting journey. Enjoy!
Not everyone needs or wants formal instruction. Not everyone needs to be told "go practice."
Can’t wait to see what the Internet finds when it’s 80 degrees on Friday!
Calorific Diet Tracker shows your ratio vs. ideal ratio and uses a three color traffic light system to keep you aware of what you are eating and how to immediately make modifications.
I know white phones are a bit ‘ooh look at me’ but I felt like I wanted a change from the usual black colour of my Desire S. So anyway, I didn’t go for it in the end. I think I’m going to hold out and see what Samsung have to offer with the Samsung Galaxy S3 handset which will hopefully be officially announced on the 22nd May.
Paper Hearts
today through this devotional. Therefore, open your heart and receive
When we did the concerts. Especially when we sang “UGLY”, everyone was in their own world and jumping along, I was very moved by this.
-a2e
Enjoy. oh yeah, I took a slice of bread with a little bit of butter and dipped in the sauce from the pot before I cleaned it (put the meal in a container since we unexpectedly went to a movie premiere and didn't eat this for dinner) and it was great with the bread. That is so exciting to me as I am a total dipper.
Jesus’ very first disciples struggled with this. They traveled with Jesus, watched his miracles and heard him preach. They came to believe that he was God’s chosen Messiah – true God in the flesh, their only true hope for salvation and real life. And then he was killed. Now they didn’t know what to do with all their hopes and dreams. It was all over. On the third day after his death, some of these disciples went on a short journey. A stranger joined them as they walked and asked them why they seemed so sad. They told the stranger about Jesus and all he had done and said, and then they told him how Jesus had been handed over and killed. They end with a brief and poignant expression of their loss and confusion:
At the end of the semester, we had to hold a luncheon for all the faculty in our department. The recipe that I'm sharing today was given to me by the resident director of the house, so I have no idea where it originally came from. However, she said her mother had made it for years, so she suggested we serve it at our special luncheon.
now no one likes you - what went wrong?
12-21-2011
As I said earlier, you will notice that the Book of Kings covers the kings from both the Northern and Southern kingdoms. Generally, the author writes of one king and then the other who would have been serving at approximately the same time. Here is a link to a chart that shows all of the kings and the prophets. I find it quite helpful to keep a copy of this in my bible as I am reading through these books.
Professor Oh has a few videos on her YouTube channel in which she explains the basics of Hangul pronunciation. These videos were really helpful whenever I forgot how to say a specific character or in establishing more clearly the difference between some others. She also has a couple worksheets for download.
Don’t let your spoken words run rampant either. Be conscious of what you say out loud. Your mind chatter will begin to reflect that, and you will not have to battle the mind chatter caused by speaking meaningless, gossipy, hurtful words.
Hope everyone’s well. I have been keeping up with blogs and such just not updating my own as I’ve reached a bit of a plateau in my running career right now. But I’m sticking with it and that’s what counts, right?
"I firmly believe we can meet that goal," Kass told me during an interview. "We're seeing amazing energy around the issue and communities really starting to begin to tackle this in ways that make sense to them."
So we ordered our tickets — because, well, that’s how it works here in Korea — and we were set to go. The tickets cost 8,000 won, so that’s less than eight dollars, and in the theater, there’s assigned seating — no waiting in horrendously long lines on opening day! There was also a bunch of food vendors right outside the theater selling some awesome squid and other various stuff, and the security seemed really lax about people bringing food in.
8. Line a baking tray with aluminium foil. If using a banana leaf, place it on the lined tray and lightly grease with oil (if not, grease the foil). Scrape the meat paste onto the banana leaf (or foil). With lightly greased hands, firmly pat meat paste into a square that’s about 3 cm thick, smoothing the top and sides. Use a toothpick or bamboo skewer to dock the paste at regular 3 cm intervals (this prevents it from puffing excessively).
“If you become a catamaran and sail away from me,” said his mother,
Now that's up to them, but why imply that two are available? I dislike this misleading way of doing things. It is presumably to ensure that the "look" of the bar is maintained. Better though to take the clip off when the beer isn't available, or better still to buy another extraction spear. They are cheap as chips and this place, believe me cost millions.
The Groom leads the way.
The agenda of the call organizers was clear. Two speakers, one of whom was a (non-Jewish) Democratic senator, spoke of our country’s need for “raising revenue,” the new code phrase for tax increases. When I suggested that we separate politics from spirituality, a third participant pushed back, saying “the Torah is a political document.” A curious assertion in a crowd that would quickly denounce any invocation of the Bible in political discussions.
Often there is a saxophonist standing outside the station playing for contributions. He is a talented musician. He plays very difficult scales and very complicated jazz runs.
Our 1959 building is well taken care of, well loved, and previously served our community needs. However, it is also overcrowded and needs more space for library programs, books, computers and volunteers. Electrical, plumbing, lighting, ventilation, and access for the disabled require upgrades. Since 2006, community focus groups and the Library Board have researched ways to expand or relocate our seriously overcrowded library.
Responding to the overwhelming demand from readers on the libraries loaning The Hunger Games books, Paper Plus is discounting these books by 30% over the next seven days, to all those who show their public library card at the counter.
Try to imagine using every day items to display collectables or special merchandise. The sky is the limit as to what you can use. It's easy to find discarded suitcases, cribs, ladders, wine racks, hanging baskets, drawers and other great upcycle-able items at swap shops, recycle centers, even your own home. Add a little imagination and you can have a display that will add charm and dazzle.
Call it what you will; a backlash against celebrity, a craving for humbler icons and a more back to basics approach, or simply the power of the internet turning the attention onto the everyday woman. The point is, this year was for me less about aspiring to look like an Olsen and more about wanting a simpler and more rewarding lifestyle. The rise of photo blogs has had us interested in interiors; organic portraits of the way people really live trumping over-styled editorials.
Attitude and Work-ethic beget what you deserve.
Ray Davies & The Kinks
Time to Come (1992)
- Scientists say that people growing marijuana indoors use 1 percent of the U.S. electricity supply, adding to global warming. McBrooklyn
Ignorance they say is bliss, so with the Wine exam looming I achieved a state of total zen like tranquility. Not so some of my housemates who had broken nights and possibly for one a sleepless night. I slept like a baby till 6:10 and decided that the extra 20 minutes until the alarm were not worth it so into the shower. This had an unfortunate knock on effect. Little did I realise that the person in the next room had forgotten their watch after a weekend at home and was relying on my getting up and moving around to wake them. Hence, whilst I was still luxuriating in the steamy confines of the bathroom I heard them leave their room and head downstairs. Joining them just after 6:30 I heard about the movements of the previous night and the innumerable cups of coffee and tea that had been drunk in the quest for Wine knowledge.
What do you believe about God?
Copics -
Anything he wanted passed could have been passed and much of it wasn't because Democrats crossed the aisle and joined with Republicans to stop some of Obama's most egregious political proposals.
Since then he has been performing all over the nation and even performed few weeks ago in US..
So waking up to the reality of a piano bar-less pop culture, Joe and I have done a fun thing. We’ve created one at home. In recent years I’ve focused on learning some favorite classics (easier versions of Mozart, Beethoven, Schubert, etc.). I am working George Winston’s arrangement of Pachebel’s Canon up to tempo (how I love that piece of work!), and homing in big time on Scott Joplin’s rags.
While on the road I was able to visit family and spend a day in Portland enjoying art and some slow-paced browsing. If you are in that neck of the woods definitely check out the biennial show at the Portland Museum of Art. I thought it was one of the best that I had seen.
10. Mr. Jaws - Dickie Goodman
And, of course, here's the fabulous theme music from his show - Supernature by French electro-disco pioneer Cerrone (with lyrics added by none other than Lene Lovich, and gyrations and hip-thrusting courtesy of the salacious Hot Gossip):
He should be in the Celebrity Big Brother house. He can cook, he can hit annoying twats with his plank of wood and he could nurture ducks in the jacuzzi.
I'm looking forward to reading about what everyone did with this recipe. Some things I'd like to try next time: with cooked rice and mix it all together like a risotto, making it in little baby pumpkins for individual servings and maybe a sweet version - like a rice pudding with pumpkin pie spices and pecans??? Oh, the possibilities!
I've danced with people that have interviewing skills that would make Barbara Walters look like a rookie.
Again, consider Bangladesh, where the problem is particularly acute because we have systematically destroyed various avenues through which grass root politicians can arise. There is no student politics, or labour movement, or environmental or community movement. Local government mayors and chairmans have no authority. This seems to be a far bigger problem than worrying about the dynasties as such.
Total points: 28
Oh boy, was it Savannah who got the mosquito bites? Poor her!!
Not a minute too soon, the Department of Homeland Security has announced that it is creating “environmental justice” units that will be empowered to oversee regulations in conjunction with local governments throughout the country. The framework for the Environmental Justice Working Group includes eleven federal government agencies, including the TSA, the Secret Service and FEMA. Go big or go home, right?
The chef says it will take more time than either of the other 2 exam dishes so we need to really get cracking with our time management.
Brian Aherne The Great Garrick
- Sentiment is Crafty Sprouts Have A Cool Yule
The first thing you must realize when making bagels is: do not use the entire yeast packet. Bruce Ezzell’s bagels called for 3 g of yeast to his 1.9:1 flour:water ratio (or 2.25:1 sponge:flour ratio if you prefer), and for some reason I was surprised how yeasty and “spongey” the dough was when I put seven times the amount of yeast in it. It tasted sour and I had to add over 100 g of additional flour to compensate.
I think fall was one of my Mother's favorite times; maybe being born in September had a little to do with it. My mother would just come to life when the apple farms and cider mills went into full swing. Her great love for pork didn't hurt either, she always said that apples and pork were a match made in heaven and I would have to agree.
something called the refugee mentality. They expect things to be done for them,
Speaking of baller, I finally got my Christmas tree put up. And it wasn't anywhere near as tragic as last year's Christmas tree dramz.
make sure you always put yourself first..
Preheat the oven to 215˚C/425˚F. Grease a skillet, if you have one, or a round cake tin if not, with ⅔ of the butter, then sprinkle over ⅔ of the sugar. Core and peel the apples, then cut in two. Set the halves upright, tightly-packed in the pan. Sprinkle with the remaining sugar and butter (cut into small pieces). Place the pan over medium heat and cook for 20 minutes or so, or until a light caramel forms on the bottom.
When it comes to formatting, you do not need a title page for the synopsis, your contact details go in the covering letter, and the novel’s details go on the same page as the synopsis. Start by putting the following information in the top left-hand corner of the page.
Wednesday I had my second round of oral surgery. A good friend is about 6 months or so ahead of me in the process, and she's waiting for the crown work to be completed. Takes a long time, especially when there are extractions with bone grafting before the implant process can begin. I believe we both had multiple sides. The docs won't work on the left side until the right side is healed completely. The left side had the first surgery in November, now the right. It's giving me fits.
Yet another group that has survived replacing two of its members, and are dare I say stronger as a result? I had never really been a U-KISS fan, but Soohyun’s voice in their Japanese single Tick Tack got my attention. Add Neverland to that and I’m really becoming much more of a fan of theirs. I will continue to youtube stalk them…
comprehensible even to strangers, the tourist
All he’d want you to do
I didn’t know it until I happened onto Lenore’s blog, but I’ve been a Free Range Parent for my kids’ entire lives. And I was raised by a Free Range single mom. I was a Free Range Kid!
Note - Use one colour at a time on any image.
that you are one of a kind
And there. And there. And there.
There was an ASG (American Sewing Guild) event on Saturday from 9-3 (or so). I wasn't sure if I'd be able to make it, what with everything going on. But there was a designer coming for the presentation and I really didn't want to miss it. With the wedding dress done and the bridesmaids dresses pretty much done, I decided that I needed some time for me. So I went! I hadn't pre-registered, but they let me in anyway.
Some reference books, my daily file box (in pink) and the file box with my Grandma's writing in it . the tape dispenser (that I moved up out of the reach of Liam) and my extra markers and storage box for the camera and it's cords and charger.
Cheshire
Let me tell you know, once that stuff has dried onto your car it is STICKY! Presoaking is required.
A Mr. Dodson was armed with a nine shot .22 caliber revolver, black and silver and Mr. Selsor was armed with a .22 automatic Lugger Blackhawk.
Ten CDs By The Fall You Should “Visit” Before You Die: A Luggage Seller’s Guide
Thriller - exciting
3. Abolishes the IRS. Employees of the IRS will be transferred into the US Treasury national sales tax area.
I do subscribe to some other relationship sites on my Google Reader. However my Google Reader is so full of unread blog posts that I often just tune off altogether. So the best way is still to subscribe to a newsletter.
Overall, on first impressions, Austin & MacAuley hit the early marks with strong cover artwork, a slick website and some marketable titles out of the 100+ listed books over the past four years, but scratch much below the surface, and it becomes a struggle to join the dots up here. Their website has a number of grammatical errors and lacks real detail and substance regarding the kind of publishing they offer and their ability to distribute books to the trade.
The Organized Classroom Blog recently wrote a great article about hosting a winter/Christmas classroom party. For tips, ideas and games, you must head over to her blog! Here are a few highlights...
Spring has almost arrived here in California and this season it means pretty prints and pastels. I was so excited to see mint green, light pink and yellows all over the March & April issues of Vogue. Mrs. FFF has been seriously watching her pennies lately, so I had the perfect opportunity to splurge a couple of weeks ago at the Goodwill Industries 50% off clothes and shoes Presidents Day sale!
till I have written it to you.
They were using this question as a trap, in order to have a basis for accusing him. But Jesus bent down and started to write on the ground with his finger. When they kept on questioning him, he straightened up and said to them, “Let any one of you who is without sin be the first to throw a stone at her.” Again he stooped down and wrote on the ground.
I did get my one clumsy move for 2010 out of the way today. Last year, my groove involved missing a step going downstairs at my house and doing a face plant at the bottom of the stairs, a week after getting my cast off my arm. At least I didn't have an audience for that performance (outside of the furry four-footed kind). This year, I waited until I arrived here in California and made my move in front of Bubba Gumps. Evidently I am not even coordinated enough to walk down the sidewalk without falling down. In the rain. Hard. Busted. Embarrassed. Sigh.
He told me a story of one of his trips up to Belfast. He spoke of driving the Causeway Coastal Route from Belfast up to Bushmills and then to the causeway. He told me of driving along this scenic road with views of the water on one side and inlets, lakes and islands on the other when he ran across a wall that had painted upon it, “No Popery Here” or something along those lines and Union Jacks and the Ulster banner, which until 1973 was the flag of the Northern Ireland government, flying all around. Peter mentioned how the gorgeous view was marred with this display and to what end? Mary also shared with me that I would find the roads a little more drivable up there, she found them wider and found them better maintained. So with all that in mind, we awoke very early and started our adventure to the Giant’s Causeway.
Sleeper Agent – Proper Taste (Mom + Pop)
It's about this time each year that I begin to appreciate just how ridiculously optimistic the gift-knitting plans I made early in the year truly are (seriously, I must have been smoking something particularly strong this summer...a couple of days ago I came across a handwritten -- well, scrawled, anyway -- list that suggests I was planning to knit no less than five cowls, four scarves, three lace shawlettes (LACE? WTF, Piggy?), two children's cardigans and a pair of socks...I'm astonished eight maids-a-milking or 11 pipers piping didn't make the list, frankly), and I start to scale down. Waaaaaaay down.
AYR reports that, contrary to previous statements, Bruce Ratner told shareholders in June that the arena would open in mid-2011, at the earliest. FCR's Bruce Bender, trying to spin, suggests groundbreaking would occur in the fall. It doesn't.
And so I take what's given to me and I sit back.
My manager buddy – we’ll call him Mike – was sitting at a table with me, smiling as always, and replied “Yeah, I think I’ve heard of that. It’s uh…what is it again?”
Please forgive any missspellings. My phone does not let me spell check.
Slipping through my fingers all the time
Here's a recipe for cultural enlightenment: Take a cross-section of your life, add one part war complete with flying bombs, destroy part of your town, go without food for four days, alot yourself a few cups of water per day and then imagine accomplishing the things you're expected to do on a daily basis. Can you do it?
It was then I’d woke up in the middle of the night, leaving a dream that made my brain buzz. I tried to shake it off, leave it where I found it. In my dreams. But it wanted to be let out. So I sat down in secret and started writing.
Please join us each week for our Anything Goes linky.
“I spend my days off the way I want to spend them,” he told reporters. “My off-day is my off-day.”
None of this film has a basis in reality, not even emotional reality. Sure, I get the double-date conundrum, but the resolution to this problem is so horribly patronising to all involved that the characters begin to fall to pieces well before the credits start rolling. It defies logic how someone as smart as Lauren does not realise there are two reconnaissance men literally running around her apartment while she’s dancing in her underwear and eating popcorn. And to be so ill-advised by her trash-talking friend, Trish, throughout the entirety of this double-dating debacle? The director and scriptwriter seemed to think that in order to make a woman sound empowered, she had to act like a male character out of a Farrelly brothers movie (think ‘Woogie’ from There’s Something About Mary). Trish is brash and crass and all-round awful; she has sex with her husband at the same time every week while eating some kind of Cheeto-type junk food, and her punchlines are so soul-crushing that they actually made me want to throw things at her, just to stop her giving all token comedic female characters a bad name. (Although if anyone could name me one good comedic female sidekick, I’ll watch the movie they’re in.)
I’ve written most of my life, I read every genre out there including science fiction and even romance. (Although I am not a fan of contemporary fiction or chicklit)
Level 15: Mastery: +63%, Weapon ATT: +15, Minimum Critical Damage: +8%.
All that being re-capped, I’ve come up with a new way of dealing with this… and when I say ‘new way’ I mean it’s ‘new’ for me and my current struggles.
So Peter, thank you for sharing such a special gift - a great start to what feels like will be a wonderful year.
Listing our fortunes can help us heal faster, I think.
Anyhow, I wont keep rambling on... I will endeavour to get those pics up of the kids over the Easter break and also hopefully tell you some good news regards the job interview.
There's other things I've done in a jam when I don't know where to go with my WIPS: brainstorm with someone, character studies, and something that works extremely well for me- cleaning or doing some other mindless task that let's my mind float free and come up with different ideas.
Useless eaters. All they do is they destroy the environment, and they don’t produce anything. They just sit around and watch TV.
“Let it Rise”, written by Holland Davis, will be featured as the “Song of the Week” on www.MyrrhWorship.com for the week of March 5th! Myrrh Worship is so excited to be able to feature this remarkable song on the site and is very encouraged by the response this song has had on reaching so many congregations across the country every week. “Let it Rise” was also recorded by Fervent Records recording artists, Big Daddy Weave, so be sure to visit Myrrh Worship March 5-11 to check out their version of the song AND to receive a FREE Lead Sheet Download of Holland’s incredible song!
hrum yuwaziya
I also take a photo and print it on paper using tracing paper sketch the photo scan it into photoshop elements and blow the print up to the size I wish using an inexpensive program called “Big Picture”. It is one of the best investment I have made as far as usable software. I can decide on the size and it prints out the picture on computer paper that is number with the row and column.
Yoochun move slowly at first but when he heard his wife moan in pleasure he fasten his pace. Junsu’s body bounce front and back on the bed as Yoochun trust into his hard and fast.
Nicholas Fox of Beresford & Co. says: “A lot of people think there is no problem here because disks and downloads are protected by copyright. However, that is just not true. Copyright protection only protects code against copying. In contrast, patent protection enables a company to monopolise an invention even if competitors independently come up with the same idea. In order to protect their commercial interests companies need patent claims directed towards the products and processes that are sold in the market place. In the case of computer based inventions this means that claims to disks and downloads embodying an invention are required.”
-Brock is beating the shit out of Cena!
I was sitting out on the sand in my trunks after angrily refusing to swim during the mandatory practice swim. I had heard an announcement. There was going to be a talent show. One time I tried to participate in a talent show. I had written a song I was going to sing and I began to sing it when stage fright got the best of me. Everyone thought I was cute, but I felt horrible. I could only run off the stage in tears as the next act showed me up.
I will be emailing you individually to let you know which Brainbench certifications you still need to earn (passing score is a 2.75) before the end of the semester. Please take the exams as soon as possible and retake them as needed throughout the semester. Remember you can use the internet and textbooks while taking the exams, just not someone else! The highest score you earn, passing or not, will be recorded as a grade this semester. If you have questions about this, please ask me.
“Ah, Mrs. Archer?”
Friday evening I was driving home from visiting Dad in the hospital when I got a text from Great Dancing Argentinian, whom I wrote about a couple of weeks ago in Making the First Move. We had had a really great first date and then kind of stalled out, as sometimes happens. How are you Jen? Did you know there is a social in Kissimmee tonight?
We are accidents of chance
You know what else was in there? A Check. For $500. From our old apartment complex that I was TOTALLY not expecting for 2 reasons. 1. We already got a check from them a couple weeks ago for some smaller amount, which I thought was our security deposit refund - and I was bummed when I thought we didn't get it all back! 2. I didn't realize we were going to get our security AND pet deposit back!!! I thought the pet deposit was non-refundable! Hm, who knew? Not really sure what the first one was for (maybe since we left early, they gave us back some of our rent? Dunno. Guess I should have paid more attention to what the other part attached to it said!) Even though we were getting back what was already our money - I WAS PUMPED! So with that lovely $500 we are now at $3,128 for our updated home study/dossier goal!!! Only $672 more to go! WOW!
Knight also released her women's collection in 2007 and when Preston passed away a couple of years ago she took over the business. Knight's designs take inspiration from 18th century old French Priest Coats, Edwardian frock coats and military jackets or antique silk and lace jackets, blouses and skirts. Now that is my kind of designer!
Lamport, Draughton, Loddington or Faxton!
Short post. Tonight I made my first ever 10 gallon all grain. It was a simple saison recipe that I scaled up from a 5 gallon recipe that I did a month ago. The first batch of saison that I made on July 28 was kegged up two weeks ago and served at a party at our house. With 50 guests, several of them beer lovers and homebrewers, it took all of 3 hours to kill 5 gallons.
Miranda & Charlie
nobody would run away from home to go do drugs.
If you’re looking for a similar regular volunteer opportunity, Kacie recommends checking out the Hands On Nashville website and seeing which opportunities look intriguing. “There are a lot of projects that do not require a specific skill set, which makes it very easy to find a project match!”
It's fashion week in Milan.
My team and headquarters were shocked and confused, it was a perfect time to begin the operation, but I told them that I would explain it later; and I had to yell to get them to follow my orders, but they did.
Artwork of the CDr is included, also a scan of the original "Anaconda" tape- cover, and some pics of the gig, shot by me with my little pocket- cam. SHARE & ENJOY
Today we are excited to be part of a Weather Blog Hop! Please link up your own weather-related posts and be sure to visit other posts and other bloggers who are hosting this Blog Hop!
You make me feel like i'm the most beautiful girl in the world
Officially, I am okay with these sweet pictures "catching me up" so that I can get back to all of the current goings on in our home and life! And if by some chance our children actually have a hard copy of this in their hands (because Mommy really followed through and printed this thing off), please know that each and every special day and event are etched in my mind even if this blog doesn't have a photo and story to document it! I love each of you so incredibly much!
It puts things in perspective.
It didn’t take long to learn about our (Acer palmatum dissectum ‘Crimson Queen’). This elegant specimen tree, with fits finely cut leaves and weeping habit, can can be grown just about anywhere in zones 5-8, reaching a height of 8′ to 10′ and a spread of 10′ to 12′. After it leafs out in spring I get underneath it and carefully prune to reveal the shapely trunk. And it gets an occasional spray of deer repellent to keep nibbling to a minimum.
Old recipes oftentimes do not give a specific oven temperature. That's because they were originally developed back when people cooked on woodstoves and there wasn't any really accurate way to know the temperature. Our OLD pie recipe says to bake in Slow Oven. A Slow Oven is normally considered to be 300°F. I made note of that in the recipe.
Place them on the prepared baking sheets about 2 inches apart and cover with a towel.
In addition to the foregoing General Objections, Plaintiff objects to Interrogatory No. 1 on the grounds that it grossly mischaracterizes the May 30, 2005 article that is the subject of this lawsuit (the "Article"). As is plain from the face of the Article, the Article was neither "satirical" nor a "parody." Nor was access to the Article limited only to subscribers of www.almartinraw.com. Subject to the foregoing General and Specific Objections, Plaintiff responds that the Article and/or the content of the Article was republished by dozens of websites immediately following the publication of the Article by Defendants on www.almartinraw.com and www.conspiracyplanet.com. The content of the Article and the Article itself was rapidly and widely disseminated through the New York financial community via electronic and verbal communications. The Article was brought to the attention of Plaintiff and/or his representatives by multiple sources in the New York financial services community shortly after the initial publication of the Article by defendants.
Glue this page inside the card on the right hand side.
Recently, my husband, the Amazing Bob, and I went to London. From Geneva, it’s an hour-long flight, followed by an eternity stuck in rush-hour traffic. Yet as our voluptuous British taxi jerked and crawled through the streets, we were dazzled. Before us stood Buckingham Palace.
The stuff about the yeast press and duty free beer is an interesting point. When duty was charged on the gravity of wort before fermentation, brewers were allowed 6% wastage during production. That is, they only paid duty of 94% of the wort that went into the fermenters. If you could manage to waste just 4%, then you weren't paying tax on 2% of a batch. Brewers became obsessed with clawing back any wort they could. That's also why re-using ullage was so popular. That was also effectively tax-free beer.
The boys had one particular little mate that lived in the server room and, despite orders to the contrary, they kept their mousey fat on biscuit crumbs and boiled eggs.
* Super Natural Every Day - by Heidi Swanson. This book is full of good for the body go-to recipes that I keep on going back to over and over again.
I’ve been working with LOD today, mostly. LOD is what you see in the distance. Like distant trees, rocks, mountains, buildings. Those sorts of things.
“It’s not a good idea to put on a ‘Women and Investing’ seminar,” said Don Grant, senior investment management specialist for Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, during an InvestmentNews webcast Tuesday on attracting female clients.
His middle name is ‘Ray’.
Angie had a bad asthma attack this weekend…finally went to the doctor’s on Monday after too many treatments at home. She took a treatment in the doctor’s office that did not good; he sent her to Infusion for the same kind of treatment she gets at the emergency room along with some oxygen. The doctor told her if that treatment didn’t help, he was going to admit her to the hospital. The treatment helped – not 100%, but she was breathing better. She has been home since then…I think she’ll stay home today. Now she’s coughing!
I think that I shall never see
Genre: Thriller, Suspense, Post Apocalyptic
However I’ve thought of all the reasons I’ve given up in the past: it was too hard, I didn’t see results fast enough, I thought I wasn’t worthy of the end goal, I doubted myself too much, I let someone talk me out of what I wanted….
Since I am preparing for a vending in central NY the weekend of June 9 (huh? what? more later) AND leaving for CA on June 8 for my granddaughter's HS graduation I figured I'd better get these submissions done sooner rather than later.
76. Thought about running away? - Not really. I usually want to run off, though - a totally different feeling. Like running off with my honey for a weekend together. We've never really been able to do that. I'm looking forward to it someday.
Like in many Western remakes of Japanese horror films, there is also an effort to destroy the threatening Other. In the Grudge Buffy valiantly tries to burn the house down, and in the Ring the frightened mother tries to appease Samara’s angry spirit. These solutions are part of a Western tradition of exorcising the evil and re-establishing the status quo. Pulse follows suit and Mattie with the help of a grease monkey who bought Josh’s computer, uses a virus Josh created to shut down the system, thereby destroying the ghosts. In contrast, Kairo ends quite bleakly with little hope of a resolution. The film’s female protagonist is adrift on a boat with other survivors, but there is little sense of connection between them as the film closes on the indefinite search for more people.
Finally, Cheef Clothing, the maker of my favorite sweatshirt (It says "I was here first"): The website is down, but hopefully will be back up soon!
I have always loved camping. Camping in a tent, camping in a trailer, in the forest or the desert - for a party or as a quiet chance to reconnect with nature. Hell, I’ve even been a summer camp counselor, taking children into the forest for money. I freaking love camping.
I love Baroque music. I also love cowboy music, both old and new.
Crack the eggs into the same skillet, and cook. (you an either cook them as a hard fried egg and then cut into pieces or scramble them and cook that way). Remove and set aside.
About the company: Pure Romance is one of the nation’s leading and fastest-growing woman-to-woman direct sellers of relationship and intimacy aids. Its premier line of products is marketed through a distinctive network of in-home parties organized by more than 75,000 specially trained or certified independent sales Consultants throughout the United States, Australia, Canada, Puerto Rico, South Africa, and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
And the big, big wheels of thunder roll,
If you line up on the other side of my views generally, you may want to let this one go. I welcome all comments, of course, but can guarantee there is nothing anyone can say that will shift my views on this subject. At all.
Memory work: I started having my kids memorize verses when they were young. As the years have gone by, though, I've added other things to our memory work: facts from history and science, grammar rules, multiples in math, Latin roots, and anything else that is pertinent to what we're learning in school. I know many who attend Classical Conversations groups for this very purpose.
“All sections of the community, civic, legal, commercial, and agricultural, of town and country were present, and all places of business in town, including the banks, were closed during the funeral, and as a mark of respect and recognition of the deceased’s military service, Colonel P. Krog and Lieutenant JEFF. Becker were in uniform. The sympathy of the Girl Guides and Brownies was demonstrated to Miss Claudia van Zyl, a Guide, and little Miss Marie van Zyl, a Brownie, by the uniformed presence of their officers, Miss Tenant, Captain, Mrs. Snelling, second Captain, and Miss Saayman, acting Brown Owl.
The activity in Iran and the Iran-Iraq border were caused by pre-emptive Zionist attacks in the region, having nothing to do with the Plejarans and Andromeda Council.
If you are an artist in the Kingdom and would like to get your work profiled, Alicia welcomes you to contact her personally at: essentialfitra@yahoo.ca
2. I put TV/music on in the background. I do this because it prevents me from staring out the living room window and creating imaginary worlds in the lattice entrance I can see. The monitor the TV is on (or the music visualizer) acts as a buffer and I usually get distracted enough to turn back to the other screen and write.
To qualify for the kit, comments will be due by midnight EST, Sunday, March 25
Philemon had opened his heart and his home to the church. I should do likewise, opening myself and my home to others, offering Christian fellowship to refresh people’s hearts
Christmas is our family’s time to share fun, laughter and happiness.
So I urge you to leave room in your outline, brain, heart, or wherever, to allow for something unexpected to happen while you write. Just be open to the idea. Be open to the strange.
Stearyl Citrate – See Stearyl Alcohol.
Hallo!
I have repeatedly posted about this in the past. This is how the media gangs up against and vilifies white South Africans.
They were all so excited (and smiling) as they ran past us when the race began!!
But how do we respond to Jesus telling this leper to be quiet, and carry on his business as usual? This seems rather bizarre. Why would Jesus do something of this nature? Some speculate that the reason Jesus was so harsh with the leper in his rebuke was because Jesus knew in advance (foreknowledge) that he was going to disobey. This is certainly true, but there is more to this, and verse 45 reveals what is behind this strange request:
Cameron’s “common values” that he would like immigrant communities to commit to echoes Laura Bush at the time of the USA’s re-entry to UNESCO after years of absence, when she said that UNESCO “can now help to achieve peace by spreading the values that will defeat terror and lead to a better and safer world”. She, of course, was referring to the values and worldviews of “the other” who in her view, sowed terror, whereas for many in the global south, it is the values, worldviews and ideology of wealthy countries in the north and the manner in which these are expressed economically, politically and militarily, that are the chief source of terror in the world.
After making sure that Reese is still alive, Natalie and Paul leave to get help. In the car, Paul tells Natalie that he called paramedics to rescue Reese. Natalie then waxes philosophical, telling Paul that what happened will become an urban legend too, and will change as each new person tells the story. As Paul asks what the plot twist will be at the end of the urban legend, Brenda pops up in the back seat, holding onto her ax. Paul glimpses her in the rearview mirror, and the car swerves all over the slick road as they try to avoid Brenda's attacks.
Digital Camera, Netbook, Oscillococcinum, Vitamin C (30 1000mg tablets), Clorox Wipes, and lots of ziplock plastic bags.
Digital Spy - more than 8m
It's actually not blustery at all today!
‘Bounce Back’ is really just the better known term for resilience, a word we probably don’t talk or hear enough about. So when you think about your ‘bounce factor’ really you should be asking yourself ‘how resilient am I’?
What makes a green smoothie green? A leafy veggie – like kale or spinach. Having a green smoothie as a snack or start to your day means stepping off with a ton of natural sugar for energy (from fruit), vitamins and minerals your body needs (from fruits and veggies), a bunch of antioxidants (again from the F & V), and a good shot of fiber to keep you regular. If you opt to include a scoop of greek yogurt you’re also getting some active cultures, and that’s going to keep you on the regular as well.
EPISODE 164
Local MP Rushanara Ali said she would be raising the matter in Parliament tomorrow. She said it was ‘unprecedented’ for missiles to be placed on residential buildings, adding: ‘This is a heavily built-up area. There has been no consultation – people have been told that this is what is likely to happen and people are very worried.’
By the time these remnants of civilization end up on our shore, they are utterly changed from their former selves, studded with rocks, coated in seaweed, broken and battered.
Below you will find some common guidelines for publicity under the new reporting format. Publishers are encouraged to contact your Publisher Relations manager for review of specific promotional materials.
- Rosemary P.
I can say that I’m still here, we exist as nobodies in this life,
The flowers were placed in a pile of things I didn't know where to store.
How to Claim the 7 Charisms Contained Within You
"But..."
I can only watch from the outside-- because I do not know what it's like to be addicted to drugs (nor alcohol, which my son isn't). I don't know what withdrawals feel like, but I've had enough addicts tell me that its worse than I could ever imagine.
Cold, gray and occasionally raining, I’m fairly certain nobody is sad to see May arrive. Despite the dreariness, the beat goes on…
1536: Reach Tobu Nikko station, take a leisurely 1 hour stroll back to hotel
It's a fun read and you'll learn a lot!
Jesus is inviting me to cast from the other side of my boat in regard to…..
So....I thought I'd list a few links of some lovely blogs that offer free digital stamps. Here they are in no particular order:
We hope we have given you some inspiration to get you started, for more pictures pop across to the personal blogs
to put the enemy out with his vajra-shovel.
In the cabinet I stashed things like fruit snacks (the gummy kind), pretzel sticks, and the 100 calorie snack-packs.
with the interior design of his home we did already in Belgium,
Second frequently asked question:
“No you won’t,” Ariela was still as calm as if she was visiting with friends about the weather. “You may die trying, but you won’t kill me.”
Our government can’t afford this interventionist policy. Think of the toll this is having on our troops! It’s easy to support something in idea but when it comes to reality, it’s the cost that makes it impractical and unachievable.
Such communication is vital, and it is what we often neglect. Instead of putting our specific lives into black and white where we can see them and do something about them, we leave them vague, unspoken, and unwritten. “Something” is bothering us, but we don’t know what it is. We sweep our feelings under the carpet. We turn a deaf ear to our quiet desperation. We are not ready or willing to attend to ourselves, and our souls know this. They are alert to the fact that they are ignored and unhusbanded. Is it any wonder that they are depressed?
Don’t get me wrong. I’m as chatty as the next girl. But I have friends. And family. And I don’t see enough of THEM so I’m hardly going to spend my time chatting to strangers who either a) have too much spare time on their hands or b) are just looking for a pen pal.
I can't believe a whole week has flown by. We haven't had any earth shattering events, just a lot of stuff going on. Alyssa has a lot of school stuff going on and has had a lot of demands on her time. I am very proud to say that she has been handling them very well!
It smells like sweet caramel and I get desiccated coconut; vanilla; mashed bananas with a milkiness. In the glass it's a rich dark brown colour with reddy; golden flecks and a brown creamy head.
I only really realized recently (try saying 'really realized recently' ten times fast :-P) that I'm actually, along with being anarchist, anti-civilization. I've held those views for a while, but only recently realized that those views had a name! Now, when people hear 'anti-civilization' their first reaction is often horror. They seem to feel it's as good as saying 'anti-human', although nothing could be further from the truth.
I love the idea of Victorian time travel using mirrors, electromagnetism, and static electricity. The static, naturally, attracted The Daleks. There’s something wonderfully Lovecraftian about this, unconventional science drawing otherworldly creatures to the location of the experiments. I love the image, albeit in my mind, of Daleks bursting out of mirrors. The Daleks want Jamie. Maxtible theorizes that The Daleks are attempting to discover what it is about humans that enables them to continually defeat The Daleks. This idea will be revisited much later, and to much less effect, in 2007 in Daleks in Manhattan/Evolution of the Daleks. But one story at a time.
The Day Trip to End All Day trips
£ 20
For me, it lasted a good six months or so: I got a job and a new
I can't really pinpoint a time in my life where music stopped being so important to me. I definitely feel the loss of it in an intense way, yet any attempt to re-capture it ends up being fruitless. I constantly rail about the crap on the radio, yet make no real attempt to find less popular music I might like.
1 tsp. minced fresh ginger
You would call me a whore, b***h, liar and fat
think?
So I stood up and went out of the bedroom and just held her. She had stopped crying. I didn't sing, just rocked her gently now. And within 5 minutes, with not a peep, she was sound asleep. She slept for 1hr 40mins (40mins longer than usaul at that time), and woke with a beaming smile.
To make the cake, in a bowl, combine the 1 cup cocoa powder and the chocolate. Add the boiling water and whisk until the chocolate melts and the mixture is smooth and blended. Set aside.
"...I actually spent three hours once, sipping tea and reading magazines while waiting to meet HR at Conde Nast (a 'crisis' had developed, the sweet JUNIOR HR girl told me when we finally had our interview, because her boss couldn't get out of the meeting: two girls at Vogue had gotten into a cat fight and one was threatening to quit and HR had to intervene). All I wanted was a little freelance layout work, and I ended up doing my own layouts as an 'audition'...
Look Back in Love vs. Look Back in Anger
At very few were critics allowed to ask questions.
“Actually, I don’t have a sense of needing anything personally. I’ve learned by now to be quite content whatever my circumstances. I’m just as happy with little as with much, with much as with little. I’ve found the recipe for being happy whether full or hungry, hands full or hands empty. Whatever I have, wherever I am, I can make it through anything in the One who makes me who I am.”
The composite survey rose by one tenth of a point to 93.9, which left it just below the high point reached in last winter’s economic pick-up. The economic expectations index continued its recovery from last summer’s low point by five points, but the other measures that go into the headline index were mixed. Needless to say, tight credit conditions have been the biggest obstacle to small business growth.
Out here on the West Coast lumber practically grows on trees, there's so much of it. Yet, for some reason, the lumber yard still charges ungodly sums for it. So whenever something needs to be built, my instinct is to scrounge around to see what is already on the farm property, at our home in Vesuvius or is otherwise free somewhere near.
I’m certainly not trying to objectify humans here. But what I’m saying is this – too many people undersell themselves, because they are not aware of their value. And by ‘undersell’, I don’t just mean salary-wise. I’d much rather take a lower-paying job with an employer who values me (and genuinely cannot afford to pay more) and will be invested in me such that I continue to grow and contribute more effectively to them and to future employers; than a job with an employer who pays a competitive salary by market standards, but thinks that they own me because they are paying me a salary, doesn’t respect me, and doesn’t improve me in any way.
The temple had a series of stairs leading to the top as it was built on a small hill. It made it look like one of those hill top temples in South India. The day we went in, there was also a pooja going on for Puri Jagannath. The Jagannath statue was very big. Photography was not allowed inside and hence no pictures. The main deity is Lord Ganesha and this is one of the biggest I have seen. I can say it was almost as big as the Mukkurini Vinayaka in Madurai Meenakshi Amman Temple.
at the edge of night
To fully trust in Christ we must know that just as life is costly so, too, are our relationships. A relationship with Jesus Christ costs us submission. I know the word submission in today’s equal rights world is yet another negative term, but if we will understand it and accept submission for what it really is, a willful act (choice) of servile flattery (serving/acting out of love and respect) then we will experience the eternal joy that God intended us to have in our lives. We must choose to submit to Christ’s headship over us, serving Christ not because He is our conquering hero but because we love and respect Him for what He chose to do for us on the cross. When believers do this, they become a part of Christ’s body, known as the church (1 Corinthians 12:27; Ephesians 1:22, 5:29-30; Colossians 1:18, 2:10). Quickly, let’s take this concept of the church a little further.
"No, my tires were on each side of it."
Globalisation has increased the size of agglomerations in that firms and workers are attracted to places with lower production costs and larger local markets which reinforce regional imbalances. In my view it seems that the only way countries can compete in the global market place is to make certain locations more desirable so that efficient firms looking to lower costs of production will move into regions. The free market does not allow this solution, agglomerations left to grow to unsustainable levels will lead to negative externalities of pollution, congestion and other social ills (as in the case of London, see the article in Saturday’s Guardian).
This is such a nice piece. It seems to be well made. It is sophisticated but not so formal that I can’t wear it with casual clothing. I look forward to exploring other jewelry by Pugster.
I am going through some stuff right now.
I became cynical about this whole inexpensive tablet thing declaring that as an hoax.
Nicole had a male co-worker walk her out to the parking lot after work. There was a note on her car underneath the windshield wiper. "I had totally forgotten that he knew what kind of car I drove because we had talked about it online."
I couldn't see the look on my face, but even I was terrified by me. At one point, Andy and I were walking upstairs to get a shuttle and had to go through a one person door. A woman cut me off by throwing her stupid fugly ass in the doorway without saying excuse me or apologizing and I finally let out a "Seriously? SERIOUSLY?!" at her before launching into the most cuss-filled rant I think I've ever made.
I was constantly questioning myself, did I give up? What did I do wrong? When we got pregnant with our second we were a bit more realistic in that I was going to try to breast feed, but still purchased a back up just in case. I had my son at a different hospital, and I was ecstatic to find out this hospital had a lactation consultant. Well the day they visited my son and I, they were extremely busy. They came in while I was trying to feed. They asked if I had breast fed before and I just simply said I had tried for about three months with my daughter. At this point I still did not think there was anything "abnormal" about my breasts in regards to breast feeding so I didn't feel any reason to divulge any other details. The consultant basically took a look at my breasts and said something to the tune of I did not have good breast feeding breasts, but since i'd had some success previously she would come back and try to work with me. She then left because she was in a hurry to see others. I didn't have good breasts? What the heck does that mean? Any hope I had to feed my son went out the door with her. I tried about a week with her voice in the back of my head and then stopped. I felt as though failure should have been tattooed on my forehead.
There is no form of fortune-telling or divination that begins with the letter “Q.” Dear me! Whatever shall I do? Oh, I know! I will make one up. Wait for it. . .
If you have favorite dealers at Marburger, or you are a dealer at Marburger and would like to be featured here at Hill Country House, please leave me a comment and I will be happy to post about you!
Well maybe it's the time of year or maybe it's the time of man .... but I am feeling themey. Themes are like filaments along which worthwhile thoughts can form. Think about a candy floss machine (that's cotton candy to our American cousins): I know about the mechanics of making candy floss because my friend Edwin bought me a candy floss machine for my birthday a couple of years ago. You start with a bit of sugar in the centre of a centrifuge and as it spins sugary filaments form. These filaments then become the sweet superstructure of the finished delicacy. What I am trying to say is that themes can become the superstructure of finished thoughts - or, there again, perhaps I am just demonstrating that candy-floss thoughts can be made out of practically nothing.
WHAT???
How would you reply if I were to ask you, "What's the most beautiful thing?" Would it be a special someone's smile. A sunset or rainbow playing behind your favorite vista? The Mona Lisa or Starry Night? Beethoven's Ninth or Imagine? Shall I Compare Thee to a Summer's Day or Thirteen Ways of Looking at a Blackbird?
As I was sitting there, I saw a car turn off onto a parking lot across from me and park. It's lights went off, and I decided to give it about a minute or so and then go check it out.
Weeeellll.... the middle of the month approaches. I simply must change my direction, and I refuse to repeat the decor of last year (yes, YOU try explaining the logic of that to the man) so I am left in a panic. BUT, my lovely eight year old and four year old sons have come to my rescue. The other day, while perusing Pinterest to look at craft ideas, they pointed out that many of my images had a green and aqua thing going on. They both LOVE turquoise and aqua and they are sold. It has taken me a couple of days... but it's possible that we have it.
Today, as I conclude the aspect of how our words affects us, let’s look one more time at James Chapter 3. Read with me verses 10-12;
We have a big box thats full of scraps of paper, card, ribbon, wool, and anything else we think will make a good picture and she likes to create little master pieces from nothing but scraps and a glue stick.
13. Summer Mood - Skip Martin
While the experts on Sumerian civilization may not agree precisely in their interpretations, the consensus is that the above three signs mean “freedom from taxes.” There are two features to observe about these ideograms. First, the word “freedom” here puts in its earliest written appearance. Second, is the remarkable clarity used to depict “taxes.” These Sumerians expressed in a symbol the nature of governmental “take” better than we express the process in our modern languages. Note its barb or fishhook or harpoon characteristics, suggesting, so very clearly, that this instrument is one which can be thrust into, but hardly retrieved from whatever it penetrates. The nature of taxation thus revealed itself at the very dawn of history, and experience confirms this early disclosure: Taxes are easy to increase but almost impossible to decrease.
While any cracker would work for this, the sweet lemony flavor of the Meyer Lemon Cookie Thins with the tart cranberry and creamy brie are an amazingly wonderful combination. These cookie thins also come in a gingerbread flavor, which I'd like to try with the cranberries, too. Wonder if it would be as good? I'll have to find out!
May 25
Going on to equate the way we recognize images of sexy women and objects - well that ought to be a weakness of the definition. Instead it is swallowed whole and as far as I can see the only reason is that it agrees with a cultural meme - women being treated as objects. Circular argument rooted in a definition - you see them a lot in psychology.
I look at photos of myself from recent years and recognize that I'm still in the process of "becoming". 19th century novelist George Eliott said "It's never too late to be the person you were always meant to be" and I like that quote. Rather than life being one transition after another it seems to me that there are lots of them happening at the same time. Certainly, the concept of "transition" has a unique meaning for me and people who have walked a similar life path, but that's simply one of the more visible examples.
And wander around while singing this song
I will be honest, this program is one of the most complicated things I have built yet. In the beginning I was panicking because I didn't know if I have taken on more work than I was truly ready for. But at the same time, I knew that my team was counting on me for this. By the second week of the project I was already burying myself in articles, research papers, forums and my own little testing framework to make sure I get every little detail right for this thing. From how security will perform if someone were to try and hack it to the minor click of a button on a panel. I wanted to ensure that everything would be to the best of my minor ability. This is obviously a much bigger challenge when you are working along. But it's not like I had a choice in the matter.
I asked “why God” and He told me it’s like E’s yogurt …As a mummy when my son won’t eat his dinner I will bring out the killer weapon PUDDING (usually in the form of a yogurt.) I do this to show him what he could have if he first eats his dinner. He will plea with us to give him his pudding but like good parents we hold our ground (for his own good.) The pudding is not a taunt it is an encouragement to get him to eat what is nutritious for him first.
And if not, we’ve got a brewery tour scheduled on Sunday.
Through Saturday, June 12th, you can score a
When Marge comes, she really is very mean to Harry, and more than a bit sadistic about it, telling him off for not liking his tone when he tells her what she wants to hear a bit too transparently. But when she starts to talk about Harry’s parents dying in a car crash, and probably being drunk and so on, calling Harry a liar when he tries to correct her story, Harry finally flips out, casts a spell on Marge to ‘blow her up’ – not like an explosive, but like an inflated balloon. And he runs away from the Dursley’s, carrying Hedwig and his trunk.
My mom is doing very well. Thanks for all the prayers.
Put all the ingredients in a mixing bowl and slowly add water while stirring the mixture. Add more flour if necessary. Heat up oil for deep frying. Use a small ladle to scoop some of the batter and deep fry in the hot oil until golden brown. Serve while still hot! Best eaten with chilly sauce.
Whether steampunk or suspense, sultry or sweet, the 21012 Tucson Festival of Books loves a good romance. With more than 40 remance authors, there’s an offering for the romanticc in all of us. Here are a few more to whet your appetite:
Did you love
Despite my efforts to squeeze every bit of activity into every crevice of every minute of every day, I have to admit I do my best work when I mentally board a metaphorical plane speeding toward a single destination.
“I can’t,” Benny leaned over and said.
NOTE: layout for this page only with photo of an old building in Montreal by eleanor angeles
My mother used to hang laundry outdoors on a clothesline in our back yard. We lived on the Texas coastal plains, so we had coastal breezes every day in the summer. Sometimes a summer shower would come up, and we'd run outdoors to gather in the clothes before they got wet. Nothing smells fresher than sheets that have been dried outdoors.
SHE HAS NO CHARACTER.
You don’t have to be a Malory geek to enjoy The Life of Sir Aglovale de Galis.
Karen Knegten c/o R.S.V.P. Rental Services
a weird counterpoint to lipsmacks and squishy tongues,
The other reality check was leg on does not mean leg on.... leg off... leg on again. Keep your damn leg on and aid from that position - don't remove your leg to aid - it really irritates your horse!!
It’s a beautiful, bright day. But, in the basement, it’s gloomy. The tiny windows don’t let in much light. In some places, the walls are covered by faux wood paneling. But in most places, the chipped, grey, stone foundation is clearly visible. The air is musty and stale. No one comes down here much except to grab something from storage or to use the washer and dryer that are pushed against the far wall.
As you have seen in the info page I made above, you have probably noticed that it’s the same thing as GMS’s and, in fact, other MapleStories’ Malaysia.
One time he was gonna go hunting and going to his lease before sun-up to prepare for the day’s hunt. And he gets out on this lease, it’s an hour before sun-up, and he hears a hog howling as if it were in pain, as if it were being attacked. And he hears some muffled sounds, as if something were attacking. And so he had a big flashlight with him. Of course, this guy, he’s got a gun, he’s not afraid of anything.
Suggestions on a postcard welcome.
Once the dotted lines commonly known as "dancing ants" indicate that I have the building selected, I make the mask part of the curves adjustment layer active. Even though I made the selection on the background layer, I can use the selection on any layer as long as those ants are still dancing. Next, I simply use the paint bucket tool to dump black into the selection.
I am also obsessed with colored jeans like everyone else, and I am excited to be able to fit my butt in these F21, Mustardy yellow jeans...cuz I'm not sure I could zip them when I first got them on this trip to Savers here...
- "So Cute" patterned paper collection
Alright, the Louboutin is wrong, but the Versa-CHE is actually right, since it’s Italian. However, AA might’ve NOT project(ed) those words properly.
A couple of months ago, I had some pretty bad sores in an area that was... lets say... inconvenient for the application of bandages. But Doc had a solution. With the kids in bed, I lay down on the couch while he attempted a delicate superglue surgery.
High priests of wisdom, sweetness, might, and bliss,
This is what is happening here in South Africa. The ANC police are turning on the public. They are not fighting crime and criminals; they are assaulting and killing the public…innocent citizens...black and white. But in our case the shepherd is not only looking on, he is enticing the sheep dogs, spurring them on to assault and kill the sheep...and ask questions later.
First, phone ‘radios’ are already designed operating in the frequency region (AWS vs. UMTS &DCS). (below from http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=99&p=1493)
First, an excuse (of sorts): During a routine visit to a doctor yesterday, there was a minor incident. Despite it being somewhat embarrassing (I prefer to be seen as strong and healthy and capable), the good thing is that it led to the discovery of severe anemia. Well, not such a good thing, but it explained many things, including my serious, complete, and confounding exhaustion for the past six months. When your blood pressure is that low, apparently, they are surprised to see you even standing!
He was pretty excited about this *new* product and couldn't stop extolling the virtues of this wonderful new stuff. He claimed that it was shatter resistant and if Dad wanted to, he could just drop a cereal bowl on the ground to prove it. So Dad decided to. He took one of the white bowls with little brown flowers on them and let it fall to the cement floor.
So I don’t have to fish anymore, or keep paying for broken armor caused by high level enemies OHKO-ing me. Which brings me to my next rant about WoW.
- Viva Pinata (sooooo sweet… :)
... All you have to do is send us your document ... with the deadline and we will guarantee delivery of a perfectly written document to give you complete confidence when you submit your work. The fee is worked out on a flat rate (£7.99 per thousand words or 0.799 pence per word), so you know exactly how much the proofreading will cost in advance. ..."This service is provided by one of a large number of companies which vie with each other for the custom of authors. Sadly it is my impression that, even at the relatively modest sum which these companies charge, virtually no use is made of their services by anyone who submits material for publication in JIPLP. This is a pity, since poor-quality text distracts peer reviewers and incurs extra, quite unnecessary labour for the editing and production staff. Good-quality proof reading would benefit not merely those contributors who are not native English-speakers but those who are and who, because they have never learned the rules of their native language or have forgotten them, sometimes produce texts of woeful quality.
Christ has conquered! Glory fills you!
I think of Spring and how much I love the mixture of brights and pastels, happy and sunny days, sprouting greens and blooming flowers. The contrast of light and dark is almost blinding but the light always wins out. This is Spring and I adore it!
As designers and personalities, John and Raf are chalk and cheese. While John Galliano is a dramatic, historical dress-loving romantic and rough diamond geezer genius, Raf Simons is - according to those I've spoken to who have worked directly with him - a clinically organised, philosophically minded and deeply emotional man who relishes process and is in a thrall to form, contemporary art and modernity.
It is interesting that before this, we have a record of Job making offerings on behalf of his children – just in case they sinned. We are not told that Job ever made an offering for himself. Like Peter, he was self-assured. Like Peter, Satan asked to sift Job like wheat. It is just such situations that we pray against in our prayers. We acknowledge our weakness and ask for strengthening. We ask to receive our lessons according to the way of wisdom and instruction.
I also discovered this absolutely marvelous library on Santa Monica and 6th. It has a mind-blowing collection of books- there’s one on Bayes Theorem, one on relativity, a copy of Car Science by the hamster!
Back to the apron. I saw this and I couldn't believe that I didn't think of it myself!
I know Michael has expressed his own thoughts on who is behind this smear campaign, but I also have my own thoughts too, and I do not rule out the possibility that this could be a disgruntled ‘vanity publisher’, as Michael calls so many author solutions services, or someone operating on behalf of one of them. Yes, I’ve my own thoughts on which it might be. There also remains the possibility it is actually someone in Michael's own locale, which is even more disturbing.
Of course, of course
XXIII
6pm start – All Ages show
This was fun! The potential to blow up the microwave oven, along with the potential to get seriously burned or injured was right up our alley. We prefer not to get injured or burned, nor do we wish to burn down the house or destroy the microwave, but, if the experiment is potentially dangerous, we can enjoy it more. It's our moment of heart-racing, what's-gonna-happen?, will-Daddy-be-mad-when-he-gets-home?, sort of the thing. It gets the adrenaline pumping and our nerves all rattled and it's just plain fun!
Mommy cried when i dropped you off but
Tuitele had written a waiver letter to the NCAA requesting a late entry to the Warriors football team, but was denied due to his time alloted to play for a Division I school.
The only true way to enjoy the natural beauty of the Grand Canyon is to see it for yourself.
A businessman told City Press he had to pay money into the trust after Malema assisted him to obtain a Limpopo government tender. Property developer David Mabilu and building material supplier Steve Bosch have been identified as other benefactors of the trust.
Robert R. McCammon – The Miracle Mile
Pleased with all our efforts, she blesses us with long life, good health, wealth, success of our families, sons and grandsons, our chosen wishes, dharma, artha, kama and moksha.
“Fangs,” she whispered and her eyes widened. Her heart missed a beat and then slammed painfully against her ribs. “He had fangs. He was going to drink my blood.”
Stuckey, for years a resident of Staten Island, talks about his life growing up in Brooklyn’s Sunset Park:
Parts of the area are paved with granite, but there is also a lot of tarmac. The reason for this does seem to have been financial. However, I was surprised to hear that my least favourite aspect of this compromise design - the markings painted on the square - was a deliberate decision. Rather than the usual small corner marks to show pitch locations, the architects chose more obvious, colourful painted lines which were meant to evoke a barcode. The contractors had to be convinced that the lines were intentional, and I'm not surprised. It's not to my taste: rather than barcodes, they evoke a very ugly car park!
These tin foil paintings were fun. I wrapped and taped a piece of tin foil to the back of card stock sheets. I made sure the kids all had aprons for this project. We used bright colored acrylic paint and foam paint brushes.
I’m doing this because I feel I have to.
salt print, palladium toned, hand made paper
This anonymous Motel isn’t that anonymous anymore. That’s WLGS named it when we heard about this amazing yet tacky motel outside of Melbourne. I was heading down that way to visit a friend for the day. I had a look on Google to see if there’s anything abandoned that I could go out and take photos of whilst I’m over that way. This was one of the sites that we found.
“Um….no….do ya think riding the motorcycle is the problem?”
We will continue to monitor the development and decision of this application.
Currently promoting their debut U.S. release available April 24, The Wanted’s latest video in their “Wanted Wednesday” series features the band touring the States and Canada. In the midst of meet and greets, radio visits and performances they manage to bring their own flavor to covers of Goo Goo Dolls’ “Iris” and Starland Vocal Band’s 1976 hit “Afternoon Delight.”
(v) Allah’s name cannot be given to His creatures
"With its 8% alcohol, Meister Max is a beer for a new and daring men generation.
There’s a new day coming
from the water bowl which sits untouched outside
"True, it's not the Atlantic Yards we once envisioned," Kruger acknowledged, but said it had the desired components: arena, housing, commercial realization. "It takes blight and it eradicates it from an area that desperately needs it," he said, contradicting others' descriptions of Prospect Heights.
Of my numerous blushers, the Jill Stuart Mix Blush Compacts hold a very special place in my heart.. They’re girly, pretty, pigmented, and basically every blusher lover’s wet dream. I bought my very first one – 03 Coral Glow from Taiwan earlier this year, and got a CP for 01 Baby Blush shortly after that. I just had to fill up the gap in between.. lol..
Miss Traide volunteered for this, unlike the animals she had a choice.
In my opinion, (b) may be plausible but the idea that a Muslim life is worth more than the life of a non-Muslim is rather flimsy and uncomfortable. In any case, the situation in Darfur, by comparison, also involves Muslims and is arguable worse than the Gaza dilemma in terms of the extremity of conflict. Yet it plays second fiddle to our concern with the Palestinian conflict.
And my friend Maren (right) and my friend Luell (left). Aren't they cute, in their Whooville outfits :) We were all supposed to wear jammies, to be festive.
Barely having enough money to get through aa week, but smiling all the time at all the good things in life, your kids, your friends, nature or even sunny days.
One of the things that came to light in their suit against McDonalds is that by Russian consumer law, McDonalds can not legally call their milk-shakes, milk-shakes but instead milk-containing shakes, since they put large amounts of vegetable oil in the shake instead of milk fat.
I can write 1500 – 2000 words a day. It takes about four hours of writing. Another ½ hour of planning, and many hours of thinking. Before I did NaNoWriMo, I would usually turn my computer on and have a look at what I had written the previous day and spend most of my time fixing it and not moving forward. With NaNoWriMo I mostly ignored
Must have been the cats.
This one become another turncoat situation when she realised the community weren’t as happy about it as she was. Back in March 2011
This year we have had many tokens of its certainty. One might almost compose an almanac for the year 1865, and put down the name of some one of note at least to every month, and I should scarcely exaggerate if I said to every week, in the year. All ranks and classes have been made to feel the arrow of the insatiable archer. From royalty down to poverty the grave has been glutted with its prey.
I sent an email to several of my gay Taiwanese friends asking for their thoughts on this topic. None responded. I decided to ambush one of them (who regularly dates foreign men) while out for drinks at Taipei's Red Square this past weekend, a well-known gay bar neighborhood, similar to Soi 4 in Bangkok, but prettier.
So yeah. Welcome to 2010!
Distinct technological objects will become as quaint as steam locomotives.
I dedicate this poem to Nick van Lieshout,
The big day came and as the justice of the peace was performing the wedding, Summer noticed all the people she knew sitting on the groom’s side on the church. She became bewildered and the ceremony was over before she came back to herself. “Travis, I don’t know what you’ve been drinking, but your kiss taste like the bottom of my outhouse. How do you know Bradley and Geraldine Hayes?” Summer asked him the moment their wedding kiss was over. “Oh, Geraldine is my momma’s sister.” Travis said with a smile. “Is there a problem?” Summer collapsed. Travis caught her and carried her out of the church, as the people thought it was a romantic gesture. They applauded Travis’ chivalry.
I'm loving the Bailey Button Triplet ones this year!
So onward with our Spring Theme. Do you recognize the cartridge I used? Nursery Tails. Just a reminder to take a second look at those cartridges. I did add a little inking around the scalloped border but other than that I didn't change a thing.
Down in Texas the post season has just started. We saw the Humble Kingwood boys dominate The Woodlands at the district level and the El Paso Eastwood girls team win a 5th consecutive district title. Region 1 should be loaded with some great races. The top individual boy and girl (Craig Lutz and Rachel Johnson) in Texas will both run Saturday at Mae Simmons Park in Lubbock. It is very possible that we will see the same school, Southlake Carroll, win both the boys and girls titles. Look for the SLC boys to be challenged by Marcus and Amarillo Tascosa, and the SLC girls to be challenged by Coppell and EP Eastwood. The 4a races should be a great time for El Paso with Isaac Spencer (EP Austin) and Joel Flores (El Paso Jefferson) contending for the individual title with Chuy Alegria of Ft. Worth Boswell. El Paso Jefferson will be a strong favorite for the team title.
balanced momentarily on the Atlantic horizon, a great orange balloon on the slate blue-grey of the ocean. A slight breeze rustled the hardy grass on the dunes, producing a whispering silver sound. The whispering was just part of a greater stillness, as were the continuous rising and falling hiss of the gentle waves on the beach, the shrill cry of a seagull, and the barking of a dog somewhere in the distance. It was growing a little cooler, that in itself a relief after the hot summer day. He watched the sun sinking below the sea, bleeding orange and yellow into the sky, etching a ruddy path from its going across the sea. He felt very peaceful.
A hell deep inside,
with Nate this morning
2.Boil kashmiri chilli for 5 minute and grind well to make a paste.
Quite popular with the locals and their assorted kueh mueh are not too sweet with no artificial colorings.
Definitely our ice bucket, it’s a great price point for a weekend get away hostess gift. I am also loving our super notepad because let’s face it, who doesn’t need a fabulous notepad!
This 1940s Vogue jacket pattern has been wanting to be made for some time, but I've never found the right fabric. I don't think this red & black wool is perfect but it will give the jacket a bit of a 'Pendleton' look which I'm quite keen on.
I am in deep need everyday in all sorts of ways. What if I could not go to God with all of those needs, including any struggle against sin, or failure? Because that is not spiritual, but soulish. That may be good Platonism, but it is not (good) Christianity. The Spirit will help us to pray according to God’s will. And will give us the heart and mind to do so. But we come to God in all our weaknesses, just as we are. We talk to our Father about our struggles and griefs, fears and concerns. All a part of our soul (= life), and all which indeed matter to God.
Orlande de Lassus Missa secundi toni (K, S, A)
I need some colour in my life.
Duration: 26.05. - 09/07/2011
This is the most expensive out of the throw pillows I picked for this room, but still not astronomical! $13 is a very fair price for this sort of thing, the total to buy an insert an this would still be under $20 a pillow which is average to less than the going rate on them. The color and pattern on this just added a little oomph to the room that I really liked and the faux silk adds a little more shine which I am a fan of. Overall a good buy I think!!
► I saved all my planters from last year to reuse. I know this sounds like a "duh" moment but generally, I've thrown them out. I'm not talking about the heavy duty, expensive ones but the cheap, white plastic hangers. Last year I decided to save them because as I was thinking about it, I realized how much cheaper it would be to just purchase some seeds or small plants and sow them directly into the planters. I also wish I had kept the little 4-pack boxes that you get when you purchase vegetables or flowers because I could really use those right about now.
Stay tuned for delicious Thai recipes in 45-70 days! " )
That hasn’t stopped a growing number of American distillers from developing brand identities and marketing plans based on that rattiest of American spirits. Yes, I know. Such distillers may hope to tap into American ideals of freedom and liberty (moonshine is, if nothing else, rebellion in a jar). Some evoke regional pride, others the history of a particular time or place, or a sort of pre-Prohibition Nirvana when the smoke from still fires wafted over countless thousands of American homesteads. I admit, these are appealing images.
Prohibition on Multiple Sales of Rifles Reporting Requirement. Preventing the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives from requiring licensed firearms dealers in four border States to report information on the sale of multiple rifles or shotguns to the same person would hamper efforts to address the problem of illegal gun trafficking along the Southwest Border and in Mexico.This reporting requirement is of dubious legality and even more dubious utility in stopping firearms trafficking to the narco-terrorists in Mexico. That the Obama Administration would single it out for special mention speaks to their true intentions regarding firearms.
where his paternal grandparents had settled after arriving from Sicily through Ellis Island in 1906, Tony La Russa spent 32 years at the helm of the Chicago White Sox, Oakland Athletics, and St. Louis Cardinals, winning six league championships and three World Series titles. A staunch advocate for animal rescue, he and his family founded ARF (Animal Rescue Foundation) in 1991, which aids abandoned
Betty Friedan started the women’s liberation movement with her book, ‘The Feminine Mystique,” arguing that it is wrong to treat half the population as less competent than the other half, even under the guise of “caring.” As in, “I care so much, I’m not letting you live a full life.” Moreover, it was driving at least some of the housewives crazy with boredom!
People if you are not sure your partner likes you enough without the use of others as a tool to test their desire of you, or if you feel the only way you can keep your partner around is by doing stupid shit like flirting with other people in front of them constantly, then you need help and definitely need to stay out of LTR’s!
What I felt like saying was, ‘I’ve produced mythird child and my sixth novel since I last saw you. Aren’t either of those things more important, more interesting, than my size?’ But no – my waist looked smaller! Forget the kid and the book: finally, something to celebrate!
Peru has been selling fresh frog juice for the last 15 years, and some locals drink it every day because they say it gives them strength.
Julian Tuwim
(I’m lying. We have proms, but they’re called “formals”. Didn’t go to mine, although a girlfriend dragged me to hers, and it was DEATHHHHH)
Ina May Gaskin: To begin with, women may easily desire the impossible—that every baby can survive if we apply enough technology and expensive medication. Too many have been seduced into thinking this is true. Women have been infantilized to a great degree, another factor that hasn’t helped. We can’t count how many women fell for the line that their sex lives would be enhanced by having a cesarean instead of a vaginal birth on the grounds that the vagina through which a baby has passed has been stretched out and ruined. I just spoke this morning with an Israeli woman who had a c-section for her full gestation twins 9 years ago and still grieves about the loss of the body she once had. Her figure is beautiful—that’s not the problem. But lovemaking has been painful for her ever since the surgery, and no surgeon can tell her why or fix her. And she knows that her surgery wasn’t an emergency but more a product of her doctor’s discomfort with the possibility that her second twin might be breech.
It's time I let you go
Elder abuse victims often live in silent desperation, fearing retaliation from their abusers. Many times, it takes the courage of a family member or loved one to take action and stop the abuse. Earlier this summer, Senior Community Centers staff shared information on recognizing and preventing elder abuse:
HMAM
Afternoon all
No lie. Right there, on the bus to the Cheddar Caves.
Now we are thinking about our next project, which we hope will be another book - called something like 'Flights of Fancy' - again two pieces by each member and the proceeds of this one going to our local Air Ambulance, which runs on contributions from the public. I have written one possible piece and this morning I had another idea just as I awoke. Isn't it strange how ideas can pop into one's head in that moment between sleeping and waking? So when I have finished the blog today and read a few of yours, I shall begin my next piece - it will be called
That’s why it’s a good idea to include something like grapefruit seed extract (not grapefruit essential oil, which is completely different) in any formulation that has water. It has been shown to be effective against a wide range of bacteria, fungi, and molds even in relatively low concentrations. The down side is that grapefruit seed extract can be toxic to humans, so should not be taken internally except under careful guidance of a qualified professional.
Thanks for stopping over for a look into my favorite room in our home. If you are visiting from Melissa's, please let me know you were here so I can be sure to stop over for a visit.
The scrapping community here in Australia has once again shown how wonderful and supportive it is and that is comforting to see.
It must be because she is such a nice lady.
Swindon Town have been promoted and will be wanting to win the league in their next fixture at home to Port Vale.
Dana Smith
Tommie Sanders, the artist and creator behind has this to say about her creations: "I would describe my jewelry as fun, colorful, affordable, and most importantly Art. The pieces I make are made to be a fashion accessory, but fashion is Art. Everything I make is a part of me, and what is most important to me is that the jewelry I make is unique, and one of a kind. I would like my customers to know that by purchasing a piece of jewelry from me, they are purchasing a one of a kind piece that no one else will ever be able to buy. They will always be the only one with that exact pair of earrings, or necklace, bracelet ...etc. Beads may be similar, but they are never exactly alike, especially those that are handmade or pulled from the earth. I love using my handmade polymer clay beads, and stone beads for that very reason."
it all would end
Maybe if we not only let our representatives know about our concerns, but also that we appreciate when they take an action that benefits everyone, we can encourage the type of positive change we want to see in the world.
8. Underneath 5.17 (30/60)
When a reality TV crew descends upon the bakery, her simple summer job gets even more complicated. Maddie could become the Bakery Network's next breakout star, if she can handle the heat of being cast as a show villain. Drew has an alternate idea: run away from everything, with him and his sexy tousled hair. She decides to take the leap, but when she finds out Drew's been hiding a shocking secret, Maddie looks down at her packed suitcase and takes a moment to think. She could fly off to Australia with a guy she hardly knows, or she could pick up her suitcase and hit him with it.
Following a review of both the technology and the relevant law, Mr Justice Kitchin concluded on the evidence that NewzBin clearly knew that its facility was used mainly by its members for the unauthorised downloading of infringing copies of the claimants' films. He then turned to Fox's action, which was based on the following:
Corporate Insider Transactions
But, I can't imagine that I would run to them before I would run to you. How could I? I am hoping that is something God will understand. And I'm hoping that I am ok for feeling that way. It's complicated I guess. That's the only way I know how to explain it.
After reading over the recipe, I eyeballed the short ingredient list and noted that most of the prep and baking is done in a single tatin pan or skillet. I'm already loving this recipe! I opted to make a mini tarte tatin, halving the recipe and using a 6 inch cast iron skillet.
Janet McTeer, Albert Nobbs
Do I have criticisms of myself? um, no doy. I always will.
Firstly, I’d like to apologise for my lack of activity on here! I’ve got a lot of uni work right now, so I may not post much for a while…
The last 11 months have been painful, some days absolutely unbearable. But I’m getting stronger.
There are several approaches to dealing with such circumstances during the holiday season full of family activities and/or work parties where alcohol is going to be served. My suggestion is to take your own preference of non-alcoholic beverage. OR drink non-alcoholic beverages that are served there at the event. My all time favorite is the Shirley Temple drink! I bring the ingredients with me...Ginger ale and a jar of cherries (with the cherry juice still in it). Simple and easy.
The swirly smooch between Eric Stoltz and Mary Stuart Masterson in Some Kind of Wonderful is, in my opinion, the best onscreen kiss in movie history. Well, that intimate moment between Christian Slater and Samantha Mathis has to be the best non-kiss in movie history. Their gaping mouths linger, as if they were about to inhale one another whole, but their lips don't actually touch. It's an extremely provocative scene, full of adolescent desire and sexual frustration. Oh, and the fact that both actors are topless in the scene probably helped in the sizzle department. This sense of longing is continued the very next day when Mark and Nora meet up on the HHH campus and proceed to go through the same mouth lingering machinations.
“What about the other 27 states like Michigan, nobody is talking about them?” he says.
Idea from the new Cookbook Jamie Oliver’s Food Escapes
The improvement of the blacks in body and mind, in the first instance of their mixture with the whites, has been observed by every one, and proves that their inferiority is not the effect merely of their condition of life. We know that among the Romans, about the Augustan age especially, the condition of their slaves was much more deplorable than that of the blacks on the continent of America. The two sexes were confined in separate apartments, because to raise a child cost the master more than to buy one. Cato, for a very restricted indulgence to his slaves in this particular, took from them a certain price. But in this country the slaves multiply as fast as the free inhabitants. Their situation and manners place the commerce between the two sexes almost without restraint. The same Cato, on a principle of economy, always sold his sick and superannuated slaves. He gives it as a standing precept to a master visiting his farm, to sell his old oxen, old wagons, old tools, old and diseased servants, and every thing else become useless…. The American slaves cannot enumerate this among the injuries and insults they receive. It was the common practice to expose in the island Esculapius, in the Tyber, diseased slaves, whose cure was like to become tedious. The emperor Claudius, by an edict, gave freedom to such of them as should recover, and first declared that if any person chose to kill rather than expose them, it should be deemed homicide. The exposing them is a crime of which no instance has existed with us; and were it to be followed by death, it would be punished capitally. We are told of a certain Vedius Pollio, who, in the presence of Augustus, would have given a slave as food to his fish, for having broken a glass. With the Romans, the regular method of taking the evidence of their slaves was under torture. Here it has been thought better never to resort to their evidence. When a master was murdered, all his slaves, in the same house, or within hearing, were condemned to death. Here punishment falls on the guilty only, and as precise proof is required against him as against a freeman. Yet notwithstanding these and other discouraging circumstances among the Romans, their slaves were often their rarest artists. They excelled too in science, insomuch as to be usually employed as tutors to their masters’ children. Epictetus, Terence, and Phaedrus, were slaves. But they were of the race of whites. It is not their condition then, but nature, which has produced the distinction. Whether further observation will or will not verify the conjecture, that nature has been less bountiful to them in the endowments of the head, I believe that in those of the heart she will be found to have done them justice. That disposition to theft with which they have been branded, must be ascribed to their situation, and not to any depravity of the moral sense. The man, in whose favour no laws of property exist, probably feels himself less bound to respect those made in favour of others. When arguing for ourselves, we lay it down as a fundamental, that laws, to be just, must give a reciprocation of right; that, without this, they are mere arbitrary rules of conduct, founded in force, and not in conscience: and it is a problem which I give to the master to solve, whether the religious precepts against the violation of property were not framed for him as well as his slave? And whether the slave may not as justifiably take a little from one, who has taken all from him, as he may slay one who would slay him? That a change in the relations in which a man is placed should change his ideas of moral right or wrong, is neither new, nor peculiar to the colour of the blacks. Homer tells us it was so 2600 years ago. Jove fix’d it certain, that whatever day makes man a slave, takes half his worth away.
The point of this discussion is to emphasize the value of opposition as well as the discernment to distinguish between the good and the bad. Simply abstaining from all forms of aggression is not the answer and inevitably develops into a failure to relate to society. Life is challenging. Taking away that natural development is hazardous to early development and is not naturally remedied in the complexities of adulthood. If we as a society desire to cultivate mature and well rounded adults, we shouldn’t be so quick to shelter them from the value of opposition.
They were standing with a group of people at a party when a man who was denied entry came back with a gun and started shooting, police said.
If science, and this includes psychology, ever has a motive, it should only be to better humanity. That’s it.
(That's John in the red and my brother, Ben.)
Everyone was good with the eggplant. It had good flavor that I think would have developed had I marinaded it longer. And it wasn't too spicy either, so the Mrs liked it. The Boy had The Squeeze over and she didn't care much for it. But then again - she goes out with The Boy.
Lastly (and I realize this is probably not a turn-off for most of the reading audience), Twilight vampires are just too…nice. They don’t burst into flame in the sun — nope, they just get even prettier with their sparkly skin. They can even stroll around outside, perfectly unharmed and unsparkly, on a cloudy day! (Although I have to say, I think sparkly vampires are marginally better than vampires who avoid bursting into flame by wearing copious amounts of sunblock).
In my case, I took longer to figure out how to do this than anybody I’ve ever met. It takes a while. It’s going to take you a while. It’s normal to take a while. And you just have to fight your way through that.
The next day she had a FIT! She told me I was disgusting and that she knew I must have had sex. (Let me just say that she has been very forthright with the fact that she has sex with her boyfriend and has an IUD because of this.) She said that she didn’t expect me to stop dating, but that I should not be having sex and that I am a MOTHER. Lordy. I pointed out that she has sex with her boyfriend, but because I am a MOTHER somehow there is a different standard. And then I pointed out that I had sex quite often (while she was in the house) when I was married, but apparently THAT is ok too. But, an unmarried mother is NOT supposed to have sex until her children are grown and out of the house.
This is such a simple cake yet very buttery and rich. I love the smell of cake in my house. It make me feel very happy. If you like simple cakes, please try this pound cake. It is so easy and very tasty.
13. I see beauty everywhere I go.
Created in 1989 by Rachel Ashwell, Shabby Chic’s practical & timeless style marries great design with casual ease. This vintage-inspired collection embraces the beauty of imperfection & the comforts of home. Shop an inviting array of relaxed accents & fill each room with flair & elegance.
a big pot with a lid (I used a 5 qt dutch oven and it was perfect)
When reading for our recent PitchMadness, we noticed the entries that didn't make it to the agent match was because the first words weren't hooking us. There wasn't a unique element to pull us in, the setting was right but the action was too familiar, or the story started in the wrong place. So we decided to do another workshop focusing solely on the opening page.
-stiff clothesline by Brock.
Cricut - A Child's Life - cut images at 3 inches boy in Light Brown, Girl in White
So, why we need real authentic Sushi in US?
I hope you all have a great weekend!
The list keeps getting longer. So far I've remembered Fannie Flagg, Laurie Halse Anderson, John Dominic Crossan, Marcus Borg, Masha Hamilton, Theda Perdue, Madeleine L'Engle, Robert Hicks, Susan Gregg Gilmore, Paul Von Ward, Janisse Ray, Christopher Paul Curtis, and Avi. That's a baker's dozen (thirteen, in other words).
If you love wildlife, I highly suggest you take a trip out to see Circle B Bar Reserve. Take the kids and their bicycles; pack a picnic lunch or just grab and camera (and lots of batteries). You will not be disappointed!
Back in January we did the Daniel fast and I really was so impressed with how much better I felt in eating clean non-processed foods. And the time has come to really start incorporating that into everyday life.
After getting back on the ship we got in the jacuzzi and got some ice cream and fresh fruit (which was one of the best things about the cruise). That night we had planned on going to the karaoke event and the white party event as well as a 2 for 1 martini event. After having martini’s we went to karaoke. That was a funny moment because one of my friends actually did it by herself. She usually would not do it but hey, we were on vacation and we weren’t going to see these people again.
As ME writer Jodi Bassett states, “It is very common for severely affected patients to spend 2 months, 6 months, 12 months or even YEARS or longer recovering from a hospital trip.
Publication info:
You Shook Me
The rise of corporatism in rich democracies signals some important changes in political economy, especially as it relates to social policy matters. For one, corporatist decision-making tends to result in the blurring of private and public sectors. For instance, labor unions might be so strongly affiliated with specific government bureaus and ministries that their “private” status is debatable.
Shatung: It is getting very difficult for me to hunt to feed myself and my family. Our landscape is changing. Everything in my world is changing. What was once a perfect place for me no longer is. There is less ice for me to live on. I am frightened for my species and for our world. We are a very gentle form but we need our home. We are being chased out of areas where we once lived with great abundance. There are man made structures where we once hunted and roamed. When will this stop? Will our land be given back to us?
Predicting cancer
Boys like that, Joey and Ray and Little Man, they’re the future. The way it’s going to be.
And also surprised that that quote is so famous when a few pages later we have Toad saying
Not sure which challenges yet, will have to update when I have finished my latest colouring order. Have a great Sunday :-)
"O.K. then clever clogs", said I. "So why, since living in this house has all the money literally come in through the front door and disappeared out of the back, when before we lived here we were reasonably comfortable, for a little while at least?"
Trench dress, Forever 21 (overdyed by me). Plaid jumper, Worthington (vintage swap). Gray tights, Merona. Red belt, Xhilaration. Gray slouchy boots, Worthington. Gold droplet earrings, thrifted. Red patent headband.
When I was a teenager, my favourite author was Robert Cormier. He broke new ground in the 70s when he published his debut novel, The Chocolate War, and, along with other notable authors such as S E Hinton, radicalised the young adult genre. His writing was thought-provoking, edgy, daring; he relished tackling dark and difficult scenarios; his endings were often bleak and uncompromising; and Cormier went on to become one of the most celebrated YA authors – as well as one of the most banned by US librarians. He had a talent for taking the most outrageous or controversial subjects and exploring them with a brutal honesty, avoiding preaching, moralising, or sensationalism. I’ve been looking for a modern day author to inherit his crown for some time – and I may have just found that writer in Tabitha Suzuma.
* He had a club foot. At the time because he was so popular, people actually would walk with a limp in honor of Byron--he made it fashionable.
I talked with him and Victor, his manager, and now, I need him to send me some songs for the second part of the discuss, the one I will have tomorrow on Skype with my dear boys.
This blog post is partly a kind of “in memoriam” for Cos Desmond, with my most vivid memories of him, but it is also to commemorate those others who were involved in the same stuggle against apartheid, ethnic cleansing, and the forced removals that took place to implement that grotesque ideology — Elliot Mngadi, Enock Mnguni, Mike Ndlovu, John Aitchison, Chris Shabalala, and others.
Life with two has been interesting and quite a challenge at times. With the hubs being in Baltimore, it's been a big adjustment for all of us. I'm trying to juggle finding time to spend with Abby and meeting the needs of a new baby (on not much sleep). Abby is fighting for attention, which sometimes leads to acting out or not listening. She's definitely Mommy's little helper (like we all thought she'd be) but sometimes it's a little overwhelming.
You see, I began to question my faith. I mean, if I thought these unholy things how could I call myself a Christian? Reading that article helped me to realized I wasn’t alone.
back home’ meant. Without missing a beat, he said, ‘Yes, Sahana already explained to me. It is get your S back home. S stands for self, so they are saying ‘get your SELF back home!’ Oh, the joy! Mama made a mental note to give the girl an extra hug for her presence of mind.
the cornstalk are smooth and elegant.
It was in the always in the script for Joe to the little dance step; I wanted him to do a softshoe, but Sam Witwer showed me he could moonwalk. I’m thinking, great! Sam’s an incredible guy because he’s got physical power and he is so limber and he can look really tough and really scary and then boom! In the alley when he’s walking in front of the camera and he’s doing the Michael Jackson thing. The guy can do anything, so I was very blessed.
Willow has spent most of her life as her mother's sidekick in a popular Las Vegas hypnotism show. So when she and her mom move back to their sleepy southern hometown to start over, she thinks she's in for a life of quiet normalcy. Except that her new life turns out to be anything but, when she kinda sorta hypnotizes Quinton, the hottest guy on the football team, to fall madly, deeply, head over heels in love with her. But what started out as an innocent way to make her best friend, Max, jealous soon gets way out of hand, and Willow begins to wonder if the mind - and more importantly, the heart - is something you can really control.
Now married with four children, she is devastated that the lack of governmental funding will allow her to become the professional she wants to be.
-21.908677 , 114.131806
Our explanations must now rest on two major foundations: most Neolithic genes were native, but the major domesticates were exotic. Small-scale rather than continent-wide migrations are the best way to integrate these into one model. Agriculture in a region may have been introduced by immigrants, but that does not mean that the immigrants carried mainly Near Eastern genes (Richards 2003; Rowley-Conwy 2004b; Zvelebil 2005). The LBK, for example, originated in the Carpathian Basin; the population that moved westward emerged there carrying a complex mix of European and Near Eastern mtDNA and no doubt picking up more as it moved.
The point of this text is to allow people access to the tools with which they might take culture to pieces and see how it operates. Understanding signification creates more effective communicators in any media industry, and sharper contemporary artists. In my experience, students who are just starting out either leap right through cultural artefacts, searching for ‘deep’ meanings, which may ultimately be fugitive, or they remain on the thinnest of surfaces, tending to naturalize them. ‘Depth’ is a misleading term to use here though. What Storey often does is account for the way any one cultural artefact brings other significatory surfaces into play. In his example of recent car advertising, he shows how the automobile is often presented as solitary, rather than just another atom of congestion, essentially using discourse analysis to show that what is missing is just as important, sometimes, as what is presented or re-presented. The car advert reveals the myth of the individual, lone vehicle. This is a point Storey makes in passing, to illustrate something else, but it alerts me to the usefulness and scope of this text. It also serves, for me, as a metaphor for the doing of cultural studies, which should link isolated objects up to the wider social world and its issues.
Now I know what you’re thinking, I did make a stand here and there. I engaged in protests. I wrote songs about hearing ‘the ghettos cry at night,” and that “there was no life in Guatemala.” I sang songs of hope and rebellion, but they were just songs sung to a few thousand people at the most. Made no visible impact at all. Just sayin.’
I wonder what people out there are reading, what’s really got them excited to pick up a book. I am definitely looking forward to Matt Bell’s “Cataclysm Baby.” The press for it so far is awesome.
The term 'hot as balls' actually means something. While the human body is 98.6 degrees F (what, that's like 600 for you Celsius users?) testicles hang away from the body in order to protect their precious cargo. Balls, in fact, do have a measurable temperature. Whatever lucky guy they tested to get this information, I do not know.
Set in modern day, TIME TOURISM is a YA fantasy novel of approximately 125,000 words. It stands alone as a single book, but has series potential. Thank you for your time and consideration.
16. Jazz in Your Face - Erick Morillo / 3:55
Madrid, Toulouse, child gang rape and murder, sharia, desecration of graves, threats, intimidation, harrassment, abuse of our troops, gang assault on males, halal, George Galloway, Charlene and Paige.
this sea oats photo was taken one of the last times we were there... almost three years ago to the day...
I tried to get past him again, my hands holding a pile of plates, my shoulder and elbow and hip prepared to help get me through the narrow space.
Should you program out your meals upfront, you will discover that getting correct nourishment while next your weight loss prepare is much simpler. Pack your pre-prepared meals in the cooler so they will probably be obtainable in any way moments.
It was only on March 1 that the family of four had moved into the house in Toms River, NJ. But they tell the Asbury Park Press that they immediately noticed they may not be alone:
is a complex film. It is also an amazing film dealing with the good and the evil in each of us. There are sections of the film that can be revolting to a viewer and there are others that offer spectacular beauty. This inherent Janus face of this movie is probably one reason that it will not fulfil every cineaste’s concept of ideal cinema. The film, when viewed in its totality and analyzed for both its content and its style, is both powerful and rewarding. While handing over the Golden Lion, it is no surprise that the US film director Darren Aronofsky and Chairman of the Venice Film Festival 2011 Jury said of the film Faust “There are films that change you forever and this is one of them.”
Watercolour.
After Congress lifted a ban, horses can now be slaughtered for consumption. Next on Md Donald's menu: The McStallion.
(Caveat: Not all links provide primary sources, so it’s hard to verify their data.)
Poor typesetter. The big blocks are the classes (second, third etc period) and breaks. The last few are “discussion”, “cleaning” and “afterschool”. The top row are the signs of the Chinese zodiac that correspond to that time. (Snake, Horse, Ram, Monkey…) The bottom row are the start and end times for classes. The figure that comes and takes the book is the character for “someone” (某 soregashi). The signs around “someone” are “borrow” (借 kari(ru)), “return” (返 kae(su)) and “go home” (帰 kae(ru)).
Florida, lovely Florida!!
Another reason why Krútt is so hard to pin down is that it is not at all clear why a lot of the art so described should be considered cute or childishly innocent, as the word would imply it is. Think of Björk and Sigur Rós with their advanced tonal techniques and hyper-intellectual associations. Think of Gabríela Friðriksdóttir’s dark musings on mythological origins, gnomic earth spirits and the lurking dangers of the nursery. Think of the Icelandic Love Corporation’s performances with their sharp critique of the art-world division between consumers and providers, and of its roundabout reinforcement of conventional gender roles. Think of Ragnar Kjartansson sitting alone in his crumbling countryside dance hall, picking despondently at an out-of-tune guitar, a phantom in his own opera.
some links work, others are “down” but still included to prove they DID exist. These things have a way of disappearing off the net, so download them and MIRROR them on other file sharing sites if you can.
On Tuesday Ms. A, Ms J. (good grief, do I sound like Tyra Banks?), and I had lunch at one of Vancouver’s newer food carts – Mom’s Grilled Cheese.
This is a little box made using the "Pillow Box" die and the Big shot. I cut it from Very Vanilla card stock and then embossed it with the Perfect Polka Dots embossing folder. I made the large pansy using one of the hearts from the new Heats Framelits on the Big Shot. I cut 2 hearts from Concord Crush, 2 from Wisteria Wonder and 1 from Daffodil Delight. I then cut the hearts in half and rounded the edge that wasn't rounded already. Then I used my black Stampin' Write Marker and drew the veins on each petal. Then I adhered them together with SNAIL and layered them together. I added a Large Pearl Basic Jewel in the center. The Pear Pizzazz leaves are made using the Blossom Building Punch.
I accidently threw away my schedule for this week.
Welcome to those of you who have just recently joined us here, I hope you enjoy the bounty of inspiration that is shared here each week.
06/29 - Saskatoon, SK Credit Union Centre
With fists shaking to the sky, maybe you ask God, “Why won’t you just tell me already?” And you know what? He answers. Just not in ways you always expect. God likes to take his time, meaning he cannot be rushed. We, as selfish, fast-paced human beings, usually just end up losing patience and eventually losing hope that God will ever come through and finally answer our pleas and requests.
Claudia.
Admiral Walter F. Doran, USN (Ret.) Commander in Chief, U.S. Pacific Fleet (’02-’05)
Short burst of stress helps us deal with a crisis in our life, this is known as the fight or fight reaction
Did he ever tell me how much my chicken was? Did I PAY for that?? (At this point, I'm still not sure. I'm hoping it will come to me tomorrow which, of course, I'm certain will entail a trip into Tupelo to go pay for chicken I was too tired to eat taking time I really don't have to take. Sigh...)
Tools: Spellbinders classic circle +scalloped,
D. Boon feels like a number:
Another feature of these shoes is the durability. These shoes can last long without decreasing the benefits they can give to your feet. You can use these shoes for everyday activities. By the way, if you are looking for casual shoes, Saucony also have them. You can look for different designs on their Jazz O, which is designed for everyday use. You can visit ZBSports.com if you want to buy some casual shoes.
Thanks to JL, AJ, and EM for being three of the nicest people in publishing and sending me some AMAZING books. Thanks to all of the other publicists who've sent me books too! :)
After it was all over and despite the confusion threading my family, friends, and some audience members that I didn't even know, my youngest child - CJ, my 8-yr-old with Apraxia of Speech - said, "But Ma, at least we all know and we're all here supporting you."
However, I think Ruby makes important work, potentially highly effective work. I have no doubt that Ruby is a major artist – I happen to think he is a brilliant artist. Here’s why.
I’ll wish I was him ’cause those words are mine
In the new issue of Doctor Who Magazine, every reader has the opportunity to download a FREE Doctor Who audio episode from Big Finish Productions! Yes, Tom Baker has reprised his role as the Fourth Doctor, alongside Louise Jameson as Leela - and you can hear them in Part One of The Foe from the Future.
Anyways, how am I spending my birthday?
We traveled to Montana this year for Thanksgiving.
The Decline of the American Empire
Yes, I blog for a living. But I also get stuck for ideas, especially for my own blog. (As you can see from the dates of my last few posts.) It's not always easy to sit down and find something to say.
"I made a cartoon that went viral and I am not going with it. Many other folks have used my cartoon to start sites, etc. Please go to them as I am a private person who draws stuff," she writes.
Well we are now in August... where has this year gone?
1 T soy sauce
Appellation: Stellenbosch
23. Fall for Anything Courtney Summers
My flowers are not true to life having more fantasy in their creation, or should I say artistic license.
-Bashful
Let the chaos begin!
A laugh riot which will directly take you on a fun toll of gags and love affair, where Imran Khan falls in love with Katrina, who plays Imran’s brother’s would be bride! The movie started rolling in the month of September last year in New Delhi followed by schedules in the locales of North Indian places of Patiala, Mussoorie and Chandigarh respectively. At the same time Agra and Delhi were also targeted for shooting and the scenes got completed on April 15. Mere Brother Ki Dulhan will be hitting multiplexes somewhere in the middle of 2011.
In the weeks following the Eid al Miloud, pilgrimage celebrations (moussem-s) are held all over Morocco at the shrines of local awliya saints. Possibly the biggest of these celebrations is the moussem in Meknes for L-Hadi ben Aissa, eponym of the Aissawa brotherhood. Pilgrims from across the region and across the country descend on Meknes for a 2 weeks of devotion and renewal, and nights of trance music.
You know what I say, more power to 'em. I say be as creative as can be. Up the octane all you can, just don't brag so much about it that they change the tax structure. Also, I'm thinking that the pendulum will swing and some brewers are going to make some very very good 3% ABV beer. We need some session beer that just killer as well. I enjoy beer, and a lot of times I just want a nice beer with my food, but I don't want to visit a hospital after a couple 12 ouncers. I mean come on man. Let's get these brothas some low alcohol beer that's in the 4 star range. I know you'll think of something.
BUT ALL YOU WANT IS SOME MONEY FROM ME TONIGHT
It's been gloomy and rainy for so long that I can't remember what the sun looks like.
This evening my mom and dad were over at the house. They’re visiting from Texas. Usually they stay with me but this time with all what I’m doing with Gypsy it was going to be too much so I told them they had to stay at a hotel. They weren’t too happy about that and didn’t really understand, but I know it was the best decision. When they came over tonight I had Gypsy on the buddy system and was rewarding her for her impulse control. She had to sit for please as well. There was one point where she was with me on the couch. I was on one end and my dad was on the other. My dad is really the only man she knows and is slightly scared of him but was doing well and getting pet. Apollo came over and Gypsy gave him “the look.” It was too much for me to verbally get her out of that so I had to physically interrupt her look at him. If I had left it she probably would have reacted against him like before. When I interrupted my mom asked me what was wrong and without having to go into a huge long explanation, I just said she was giving some stress signals. Yes, I wish she would have looked back at me for guidance. I really don’t like that she would have reacted if I didn’t interrupt. But again, that’s why my parents are staying at a hotel. The change in dynamics would throw her off and as much as she loves them, it changes too much at one time and I think it creates some anxiety. I’m glad I made the decision I did and still had to ability to watch Gypsy’s body language carefully enough with the distractions I’m faced with.
pipe relining. The combination of a stronger liner with an epoxy
Mash avocadoes with fork, add sour cream (I like my guacamole creamy, you can leave out the sour cream if you prefer pure avocado), add lemon juice and seasonings to taste.
On returning to the Congo, I mention this nugget of astronomical news to the manager of the safari camp.
Afghanistan may be the graveyard of empires, but Iraq is home to a graveyard sense of humor. Iraqis wonder aloud whether the U.S. and Britain would have invaded Iraq if its main export had been cabbages instead of oil.
And so, we have justified jadedness.
When I was growing up, we watched the Disney movie and/or Mutual of Omaha's Wild Kingdom, and tried our best not to watch Lawrence Welk. We also drank pop with our popcorn. Well, we have traded the soda (I refuse to buy it and rarely let the kids drink it) for water or milk, and keep the tube turned off in favor of playing games. That is the most fun part.
Delete the original text from a reply message.
It seems logical to expect that a church led by a team of Louie Giglio, Matt Redman, and Chris Tomlin will attract a lot of attendees. How will you be sure your congregation is growing spiritually?
It suddenly hit me that 2014 is two years away. In two years the past 14 years will be done. The wars will, technically, be done. Any remaining foreign forces operating in Afghanistan after that will be as a support to the Afghan military.
“For false christs and false prophets will arise and perform signs and wonders, to lead astray, if possible, the elect.” (Mark 13:22)
We hope you are inspired by the work our designers have done this week, some of the images they have used are brand new and are available now in the Digi Stamp Shop, pop over there now for a look and pick up a new freebie which you might find useful for your Valentine's day makes!
is, here signifies the superessentiality or being-beyond-being of secret, the horizonless ‘negation of the negation’ or ‘third’ domain that is the infinite with of the alone with the Alone. Black in Black signifies the convertible mutual interpenetration of the black interior of man (the individuated alone) and black universe or the opacity of the horizonless Real (the universal Alone). The identity of this irresolvably double auto-interiority of man and black is the truly limitless solitude or lonely pan-explosion of place wherein all is within without collapse. The definitive or limitless interiority of black is the meta-place of the One-in-One which
- 2 cloves of garlic, crushed
j/ A foreigner having internal transfer within an enterprise, in the service scope in the commitment service table of Vietnam with World Trade Organization with 11 services, including: business service; information service; construction service; distribution service; education service; environmental service; financial service; health service; tourism service; service of entertainment culture and transportation service;
Crying in the sun
Optional: 1/2 cup oatmeal
LCD 2.5-inch
Awww man, snowflakes falling in October! Bundled and shivering, you could see my smile from the moon! I love the cold, crisp air - it wakes your ass right up! Some see sneezes, I see sweaters. Something had to make up for the horrid & unmissed humidity here. Still I'm readjusting to the rain and actual "weather." Hehe! I'm still expecting perma sunshine. Perhaps the lack of meat on my bones will have me singing a different tune come late November, but I doubt it. :P I'm not physically equipped for these chilly temps, but I'm prepping for winter already! Now I'll get some good use out of what remains of my sweater stash. I thought I was inspired before...WheeEEE! I've missed my seasonal bundling...I made need to be sedated - the excitement is killing me.
horseman of iron.
full of history. It also has a traditional, market hall.
Breakfast: Cheese Grits (150 calories)
You've got a skull, baby, you've got a spine.
Look out of the window Mr Aylard doesn’t your statement seem just a little bit crass? There is your raw material falling out of the sky, free and gratis. You do not have to pay for any of it. When we have a dry spell what action do you take? restriction! You cut the usage, impose hose pipe bans, put standpipe’s in the streets. But what do you invest to increase capacity of supply, do you build new reservoirs? No of course not, better to drain them and sell the land for housing. Increase underground storage? No Way! How about stopping the leaks from your distribution system? Hundreds of Millions of gallons soak away into the ground every day because you do not maintain it properly and what does OFFWAT do to regulate this monopoly industry? very little. The same people all living in one another’s pockets.
Here's a pretty card I created featuring one of my favorite flowers, the pansy! My pansy background paper was made by my daughter, Lee, who is a computer graphics artist. She took images from vintage postcards and arranged them for me, and I just printed it out. I just love the paper! Wait until you see the rose background paper she did as well!!
As far as I can find out, Annemarie Selinko was an Austrian journalist and political writer, married to a Danish husband. They were living in Denmark when the war broke out, but fled from the Gestapo to Sweden, where they worked with the Swedish Red Cross assisting refugees. She used aspects of her experiences in Desiree, her last novel, which tells the story of a silk merchant's daughter who was once engaged to Napoleon and later married one of his Marshals, subsequently becoming Desideria, Queen of Sweden.
can of black beans, and my
Reading your April 8, 2008, blog about narrative nonfiction, I wondered about the storyline for nonfiction, e.g. The Perfect Storm, In Cold Blood, Jon Krakauer's work, and other well-known stories.
choco chippy's
When I used to come to New York to visit Josh, I thought people must be crazy to go to movies with all of these amazing and wonderful experiences to be had. “Why in the world are there so many movie theaters in this city?” I would ask myself as I passed dozens in one weekend. Now that I live here, however, I find that going to a movie every once in a while makes me feel at home. After all, that was the hottest date spot/hang out/pre-teen gossip/better not get left out place ever.
After two lots of suds and lots of rinsing I was amazed to discover that this little dog was meant to be white, and as far as I could tell was a West Highland Terrier. I closed the cubicle door as I switched off the shower and he shook emphatically several times, and then waited to be let out, his tail now wagging. I dried him off, making a game of it; hiding him under the towel and then watching as he scrambled out, rubbing up against it next to the wall. I laughed to see him so carefree and playful.
But I'm also overwhelmed by all the people, mainly tourists, and it's not even peak tourism season yet.
1/2 cup frozen peas
“Hold on,” shouted Violet. The moans grew louder. She reached down and tore the side of her skirt high up her thigh and peeled off the pantyhose. Laurel did the same and was glad to be rid of the hated stockings.
On through endless night
Metallic Card: From my stash
Sit and I wonder sometimes
Is that a sin?
I've made some blog awards of my own. Partly because I keep seeing the same ones floating around the blogosphere, but mostly because I'm off my meds. These were made up on a whim, (which will explain a few things once you scroll down), and specifically designed so I wouldn't find out later that I had stolen the image/likeness/idea of someone else would would want to sue me or throw tomatoes at my house, or whatever the punishment is for being an unintentional copycat. If these exist already, I appologize. And I'll give you the number of my psychiatrist. Now without further ado I bring you:
Okay, here's a pic this morning during daylight hours. For those who have been asking about Mr. Max, this is his fave spot to be, furring up the ottoman. ;) I have another little update planned for this room...hope to share it soon. (If you're new to reading BNOTP, you'll find the full transformation of this room from boy's bedroom to home office/sewing room/craft room in this post: Pottery Barn Bedford Office Renovation.)
Every Easter is such a special day for me. As I grow as a Christian, I think each year it becomes more meaningful to me. I tend to reflect on the past year and what God has taught me and brought me through. It brings me to tears (which isn't hard to do typically but it's even worse now that I'm PG!) to think of the many blessings I've received by following and trusting in Jesus and his death and resurrection. And the beauty of it is that it is a gift! No charge or requirement for membership. Just belief and faith that Jesus is who He says He is. It is just amazing to me how undeserving I am of His blessings and gift of eternal hope but yet He's included me into His family. And I long for the day when there will be no more sorrow or pain but only continuous praise of Jesus...maybe a tiny bit like Easter and Christmas!
In terms of improving things in the civil service, my personal view is that public servants who are on six figure salaries – in particular those who are decision-makers in large public sector organisations with big budgets, should have higher public profiles. The Coalition has tried to address this by forcing departments to publish departmental organograms (Search “organogram” at data.gov.uk) to show which civil servants are responsible for which functions. However, this does not deal with the issue of regular public scrutiny.
Then C.J., reading his script, sketched out several differences between the candidates, including Montgomery’s statement that “she has been a strong candidate for reform” and Boyland’s counter that “the state government is in desperate need of change, but nothing will be done unless we elect new representatives.”
As the name implies these creatures are true terrors of the desert. In addition to their immense size, strength and psionic ability they also possess an array of powerful magical abilities.
Needless to say, this pseudo-Islam which is being promoted by this Saudi sheikh, which dreads telling oppressors "you are oppressor" for fear of fitna is what makes adulterers and sodomites rule with an iron fist the land of Islam in Mecca and Madina and surrender Muslim sovereignty to the United States on a silver platter. They simply have a sheepish people that is told it is haram to criticize the decadent and oppressive rulers, let alone demonstrate against them. It is very much like the people of the Pharaoh who as the Quran said led his people to hellfire because they refused to rise up against him.
in your eyes
First things first.
It has some amazing woodwork that I want to feature, but the prior owners did some bad (and that's putting it nicely) work on this house that will take a major overhaul to undo. Just the thought of electric outlets in the bathroom or kitchen that doesn't look 40 years old makes me giddy with anticipation!
Moonstruck, Desert Sand & Bamboo ink
David Mabus aka Dennis Markuze, is a Canadian lunatic who for years has been attacking atheists and scientists in every public forum he could reach, and getting banned for it. His first target was James Randi and he has expanded his list of targets over the years to anyone who appears to reject theism. He even attacked me on my blog a couple of times. He is able to get around the banning by morphing his screen name and using internet cafes. His messages, which often include death threats, are always rambling and totally disjointed screeds that a twelve-year old in his mother’s basement might send, if the kid had no sense of shame.
I was quite excited at coming up with a Nonnette nouvelle. The combination of rose and roasted rhubarb jam has probably never been used before. This in conjunction with some delicious Cornish honey, ought to be irresistible, I thought. As we still had quite a bit of cake in the house from my recent Clandestine Cake Club event, I used half the normal quantities to make six rather than twelve individual cakes.
Like a chicken mound,
The nurses at St. Mary's were amazing! Everyone was so helpful and accommodating! All of the nurses were genuinely excited for us. They even got us a room so I could stay with the baby. It was a very special time!
There you have it and in 250 words exactly! Anyone else caught scratching their butt by someone who never should have seen you doing so?
Or you can purchase this Oriental one for $39.95
On Feb. 3, 1964, Civil Rights activists such as Bayard Rustin, who helped organize the Freedom Rides down south and the March on Washington in 1963, made the New York City school system the site of their next demonstration. They boycotted the schools for a day. More than 450,000 students didn't go to school, and picketers marched across the Brooklyn Bridge to demonstrate in front of the Board of Education building.
Because they will probably have sex one day. Hell, we expect people to have sex at some point in their lives. Virgins are simultaneously revered and suspect in our culture, depending on one’s age. Trying to scare youth away from sex is the worst possible tactic and only results in scared adults trying to work out their sexuality in the increasingly complex and uncharted modern romantic interactions.
Touch My Katamari
What particularly caught my eye on a quick skim was the overiding idea that ripples form as we intervene when using story based methods and therefore where best should we ‘drop our pebble’ to make these ripples deliver most impact.
Hey cute friends! I hope you're not tired of all my copy cat knock offs- cause I have yet another one to share today! I've had this guy saved on my "to do" list for months and months now. It's a retro clock that sells at both Ballard Designs and Restoration Hardware!
“On a scale of one to ten, with one being a slight pain and ten being the worst pain you’ve ever felt, how bad would you say it is?”
Weirdly enough, JP told me tonight at dinner that Roger, our contractor, made some mention about how I come across as intimidatingly smart. This shocked me because (1) I do not think I am at all intimidating for any reason and have actually worried in professional, opposing party type situations that I come off as too friendly and (2) the only conversations I've had with Roger involve measurements and picturing things that aren't yet built and I am absolutely terrible at that. We had to put a piece of paper on the floor and draw a diagram of our master shower from two different perspectives- that's how much I couldn't grasp the concept of our new bench. I think it must be because he's only seen me in suits and heels whereas he sees JP working in burnt orange basketball shorts and a t-shirt. The same burnt orange basketball shorts and t-shirt ever single day. I had to explain last night that "working from home" is not an excuse to forgo bathing and laundry.
When the wonderful Mumma has the square I will post a picture.
What particularly impresses me about "Narcopolis" is that Thayil's characters are so genuinely flawed but, simultaneously, so impressive and powerful and full of spirit. Though the novel's pages are riddled with the horrors of murder, addiction, and abuse, a three dimensional understanding is at all times portrayed: no action occurs without the reader's awareness of its underlying motives. We see, as the residents of Bombay see, that a "dying city" can elicit a human's most banal behavior, regardless of their efforts to stay strong.
By Julia Dankov
Gas prices are going up again. Why are so many people surprised? And why are they thinking we need to tap into the oil reserves? If we were to use all the oil in the reserve, what would happen if we really had an emergency?
Gifts are cool too.
Wilson also spoke about the Daleks multicoloured misstep: “I don’t think any of us would say that the multicoloured Daleks quite worked, but you’ve got to try new things. If you just repeat and repeat the show is in danger of stagnating.”
My Islam is Leonard Howell handing out photographs
green and sprawling before his house.
Limor
Stay tuned for the shower reveal!
Adding insult to injury, he was subsequently charged with assaulting a peace officer following the initial investigation by Windsor police, including Det.-Sgts. Paul Bridgeman and Patrick Keane.
God made fire for gathering friends together on cold winter evenings. I’m sure of it. I enjoyed conversation around not one, not two, but three fires this weekend, and I’m pretty sure I could go for it every night if such a thing were possible. Let’s have lots more this winter, shall we?
Labour's Fascist Election Strategy Exposed
Me: I wish I was born yesterday, so I believed you. Regardless, you wasted my time and made me feel worthless. Just for the record, I'm not a bad date. I'm fun, sometimes silly and an excellent conversationalist. I
I love my life and my life is good, but my life is messy as hell. It’s never been neat and tidy and I have no reason to expect that to change, but I don’t care. What I have within that messy life fraught with circumstances that would crush other is love, and joy, and freedom to be me—messy, happy, mostly peaceful me. I have God and my integrity, and I have found that’s all that I really need.
Power To My People!
If you want to quickly and effectively reduce costs in your organization, travel budgets can be significantly reduced, while getting the same scope of work (meetings) done by using technology. Phone and video conferencing can easily replace face-to-face meetings and the costs associated. Meeting in person may be the richest form of communication in cutting a deal or working collaboratively. However utilizing video conferencing or using Skype or other forms is more the standard and acceptable these days. As an entrepreneur you will have to make a careful decision on the appropriate forms of communication for the appropriate audience, while cognizant of the need for cost-effective methods.
My plan was to make some Ipoh hor fun (a dish derived from prawn noodles according to renowned food historian Lin Jin Cheng (林金城)- click here to read the article); but decided against a trip to Victoria Street just to get the rice noodles, using what I had in my pantry seemed like a much better idea on a very hot afternoon.
The day and the night follow each other around and around, never pausing and never tiring of their eternal journey. But there is only ever one day and one night – they never happen at the same time, and in some places they move at a different pace than others; but they are always two things permanently apart.
I would remind you that as our Prime Minister your primary duty is to put the interests of your country and your own people before the interests of a foreign people or ideology. I am of course talking about Islam here, more specifically sharia law, which is making rapid progress in Britain and the West. It is both astonishing and chilling that what was formerly considered haraam (forbidden under sharia law) only in Islamic countries is now equally considered haraam in Britain.
Book reviews include:
This new hospital at Dahej will bring up to the code, health and medical development in the city, which has been lackluster for a while. Irrespective of the tremendous industrial development that Dahej has been witnessing, there was only a primary health centre during emergencies. Besides, one had to travel 45 Km to Bharuch, with it being the nearest place with first- rate hospitals, to be treated. Below Poverty line (BPL) families will be availed of free treatment from this hospital at Dahej. Besides, patients who are registered at the primary health care centre can benefit from treatment, as it will be made available to them at nominal prices, being subsidized by upto 70%.
I used this great Hambo Stamps image and sentiment for my CAS card. It's base is a leftover cutout from picture frames I made last week. I'm beginning to refer to these as donut hole cards.
I had the opportunity yesterday to visit with the guys from Fire Station 95 in Bethel Island and if you have never seen the station, I suggest a visit because it’s a real eye opener of how much these guys do with very little to work with.
"Walkin' After Midnight" by Patsy Cline
To carry them a dream.
Yes, a real journal page. Last year, I got myself a smaller version of the Strathmore Visual Journal--it's a 5 x 8 size--so a little more manageable size. I have the mixed media one--I love the paper in this--you can do anything you want to it. And I decided to use all of these art supplies that I have, but have been afraid to touch, because I don't know how to use them. I've said this before....I always love when I'm making art for myself....I always like it (most of the time).
To begin, preheat your oven to 300 degrees.
Yet there is a minority view that the book is over-rated. Maxine Clarke, aka Petrona, wrote this critical but typically thoughtful and considered review, and others have also expressed serious doubts about the plausibility of the plot-line.
Today is my birthday and I'll be spending part of it in an airport by myself, headed home to the city I love. But I'll be leaving a part of my heart behind in this desert, because a tiny girl has stolen it with her chubby hands and won't give it back.
What you can't see is the SHIMMER. I tried nine ways to Easter Sunday to capture that with my camera, but no dice. But trust me, it's luminous and beautiful. I just have one word for this stuff.
Add the sugar and vinegar mixture and toss to combine everything evenly. Refrigerate for at least 6 hours (even better, overnight) before serving.
When I tell him it's my father's discharge papers from WWII, he says "Oh yeah?"- in that kind of faux enthusiasm of a generation mired in indifference- so I can tell right away he's not really that interested but the old man standing next to me says" Oh yeah?! like I just woke something up in him like he's the ancient mariner who no one listens to anymore.
Overall Height: 9.5"
I bought this plant three weeks ago. It was covered in buds, but had no flowers. I found it in the end of the season clearance isle for $4.99. A great deal I thought, so I bought it and hoped for the best.
Yeap, I joined another assignment/ contest/ challenge. Why not right? There are two things that inspire me; good ideas and good feedback. Which makes this one stop shopping, and I got plenty of words to spend.
And was that a tiny little fart I heard at the end of the bloopers?
We Have the Power of God’s Word to Exercise Our Authority
Bayer Advanced Aspirin 20 or 24 ct – $3
He said that could be explained, in part at least, because of the "very difficult national conditions" in which the ANC took power.
Colin Porter (English Democrats) 286 (14.1%)
But man, are organizing and storage components expensive! They add up quite quickly, especially if you're overhauling your entire home like I am. After hubby made me a delish quick dinner with store bought cannelloni one night, I was washing out the pasta tray to plop it in the recycling. I couldn't get over how thick and sturdy the plastic was. I was blown away with how similar it was to the black plastic drawer organizer I had recently purchased for my cosmetics drawer.
Did I just kill the mood for the new year..?
I mean let’s face it, he’s been in the bottom two almost every week since this season has started, so it didn’t really come as a shock to him. Apparently his samba on Monday didn’t woo the judges enough, an they gave him a total score of 19. Ouch!
The recent coalition government budget has succeeded in exposing the opportunism within the Labour benches… (or maybe its just incompetence?)
I asked the staff if they were going to do this on a regular basis, and they said they thought perhaps every other year. They'd had a lot of positive feedback, and I'm not surprised. There were several tables of books, and quite a variety of subjects, ranging from classical Greek art, through the Renaissance, to contemporary art, from paintings to glass to architecture, monographs and catalogues -- something for everyone!
I colored hae with Promarkers and Marvy markers
she may have them now.
Christianity is a Relationship, Not a Religion
I have hit a wormhole in the all encompassing baby retail industry - mobiles.
The Square Ones say woof !
Out in the woods stood such a pretty little fir tree. It grew in a good place, where it had plenty of sun and plenty of fresh air. Around it stood many tall comrades, both fir trees and pines.
so we proceed without direction
Whoo…okay, I’m safe. I found another house. A new beginning. A new fresh start.
Demetrius Mercer is a fighter vampire for the de Nouviant family who spends his days hunting a rival vampire family for killing his beloved Rosaline. When he learns Jade Smith knows his life story and is publishing it on the Internet for all to see, he must uncover who she is and how she knows so much about his past--before she exposes him and endangers his entire family.
Oh, those Tudors! We can't get enough of them. Whole bookshelves have been filled with them, acres of film consecrated to their antics. How badly behaved they were. What Machiavellian plottings and betrayals. Will we never tire of the imprisonments, torturings, entrail-windings, and burnings at the stake?l
In a real pinch you could even drop the beef part of it and serve some corn or corn bread with the beans and rice instead since corn and beans together make a complete protien! :) I have done this several times for my family with no complaints, though the beef does make it much tastier.
Hello! Here's the last of my quick and easy Valentine's Day cards that I whipped up last weekend. For this set I also kept the design simple and also used up some really old papers from my basket full of slabs (circa 2000!).
Free from duty.
Those goals aren’t necessarily by design, says Knuble.
grated Parmesan, for garnish
These two changes are not big, and they add a slightly nutty flavor to the muffin, making it resemble the light taste of the banana muffin. You can even add walnuts to play up the nutty character.
Smartass that I am, I'd entered the exhibition primed to make derogatory remarks; instead, I found myself thinking that it wouldn't be a half-bad export: a bit of high-brow consciousness raising for Masters of the Universe everywhere.
13 Drive In Saturday
A few months later, our school newspaper mentor, Patty Shillington, hired me as a high school intern for our big local daily newspaper, The Miami Herald. My photo ran with each column called "Friends and Neighbors,'' which focused on unsung heroes in our community. Suddenly I found myself writing all the time, for the school newspaper and for the real world one. I was a writer, a journalist.
The first time I ever had Indian food was in med school (which is also the time I learned to love Chinese food - the staples of students are pizza and Chinese food). A bunch of us went to a Kosher Vegetarian Indian restaurant. I don't remember what I ate...or tasted and then refused to finish...but I do remember hating it. It wasn't until I was working in Tribeca that I came to love Indian food. My co-workers and I often went for lunch at a local favorite which served the most incredible all-you-can-eat lunch buffet. I may not have always known what I was eating but it was always delicious. When I became Vegan, the options at that restaurant severely decreased for me but my co-workers were happy to try some of the many wonderful Vegan eateries in the city.
He got home....I was asleep.
My co-hosts, Rory O'Halloran from Stephen Benet's wonderful short story "The Luck of the Irish" and Carmilla, who probably is the first literary lesbian Vampire, will also be here. She and Rory have their issues so we will see what happens.
But, I couldn't stop thinking about it. Once I get an idea in my head, I have to try it or it drives me crazy. We have a small candy and cake supply store in the area, so I gave them a call. They not only had the spray, but they sold it for less than Michael's did. I have never been to that supply store before, but it's been there for years and I've always wanted to check it out. Oh My.....Was I in absolute HEAVEN!!! Anything you could possibly need to make cupcakes, cookies or cakes they had. We're talking an entire wall of cookie cutters - I could spend hours starring at them.....And I probably would have if I didn't have Nathan with me. I have a feeling that the woman who owns the store and I will be on a first name basis very, very soon....hahaha.
The past six months has robbed me of my effectiveness in my advocacy for people who are LGBT. I’ve had to suspend meetings of a supportive group at my church, and I had to cancel the presentation I was to make at a national convention of church educators. It has been truly disheartening to let these go, at least for now. But I don’t have to wait to start thinking about writing a book about Christian acceptance and support for LGBT people. I can work on that in my free time, some of which is coming up after surgery.
Another mother came in with her 17-year-old daughter, 12 year old daughter, and 7 year old son. Mom reported that her three children are homeschooled; however, she is a single parent and is working 2 jobs to make ends meet.
I am confident the cinema no longer receives custom, and am even more confident there are unknown squatters mulling around. I like that it's enjoyed a lick of paint rather recently;-)
Maybe I’m a freak.
Used a recipe on the back of the pack. The fish was made in baking paper in the ofen... with leek, garlic, thyme and a marinade of oil, mustard and lemon squash.
6. Picking the Kitty up and squeezing her tight and saying 'I fwucking wuv woo' through gritted teeth until she wriggles to get away.Purely because I love her so much I want to hurt her. (Again, Masons will get this). I might also have done this with my children Rachael and Hannah when they were babies, but I stopped it when they turned 18 so it's okay.
Seldom as we’ll assume that “They Should”, ” Their responsibility”….
Let’s get to the dancing shall we?
We had an amazing time in Italy, and I cannot wait to go back!
UPDATE: 16th July, 2011. The hearing on David Daly’s application (ref 2011/5766 P) began on Wednesday 13th July, 2011 in Dublin’s High Court before Mr Justice Michael Peart. David Daly, 66 is joined in the application by his daughter Joanne, and son Paul. The respondents are National Asset Loan Management Limited (NAMA), the State, the Attorney General and AIB PLC – some reporting suggests the receivers, Jim Hamilton of BDO Simpson Xavier in Ireland and Shay Bannon and Sarah Rayment of BDO in the UK, are also respondents but that doesn’t appear to be the case from the court record. The Dalys are represented by solicitors LK Shields and their lead barrister is Michael Cush SC, who you might recall was Paddy McKillen’s barrister in the recently concluded legal battle royale with NAMA. NAMA is represented by A&L Goodbody. The State and the Attorney General are represent by the Chief State Solicitor, David J O’Hagan and AIB is represented by Maples and Calder. The respondents are represented by barrister, Paul Sreenan. In the following David Daly will be used as shorthand for the applicants and NAMA as shorthand for the respondents.
Their newest outlet is located at the east of Singapore, Changi City Point!
Purchase a 4-pack of tickets for only $44 (Valid Monday-Thursday and Friday Matinees, excluding holidays) and save $4 on all weekend shows by logging onto http://www.ticketmaster.com/ and entering the coupon code: MOM.
"But, Sir. . .," I began.
We're looking forward to seeing what you make so please come and leave a link (and a message) when you're ready to share
Meanwhile her dad “Lord God” the disabled Forsaken Fundamentalist Church of Latter Day Saints preacher gives his daughter Ruby Cole two untenable choices. She must give up her baby Lila or marry Page a man her dad’s age who has two wives because Lord God received a heavenly vision. Deciding to not honor her martinet father, Ruby selects a third option when she decides to run away with Lila. Her seemingly isolated act of defiance turns into a butterfly effect on Widower Ward Costello and other people involved in aviary population and criminal activity.
Funny Bathtime quote: (while Mommy was washing A's hair)
The fifth most powerful and devastating hidden emotional sales weakness is called Becoming Emotionally Involved. Basically, when a salesperson becomes emotionally involved it indicates that the salesperson is thinking during the sales call. The “thinking” can include becoming internally nervous and upset, analyzing, becoming creative, worrying, panicking, getting excited, using “happy ears” and strategizing on the fly hoping to dazzle the prospect into becoming as excited as the salesperson is.
The Baltimore oriole is the typical oriole throughout much of the eastern. Monotypic. Length 8.7" (22 cm).
In the Six-Month, Finish-My-Novel Challenge, a powerful in-depth coaching is presented regarding the professional novelist’s attitude, and how that attitude is developed and nurtured. Much has to do with respect for the craft (i.e. respect for the games the subconscious loves to play with you).
Hedonic Calculus
One quandary for expats lucky enough to snag a Paris assignment is how best to communicate with the folks back home. When things are going great, you're not sure whether you should report on this. Doing so makes you feel like a show off. And if things are going badly, well that's not any easier. So you had a bad day. You're in Paris. And that kind of makes you feel like a spoiled brat.
And who is Merrain? She’s clearly not the Archon’s creature, at least not originally. So for whom does she work? Who sent her to the Archon, and why? Is she some sort of agent for the Bondsmagi? Does she anything at all to do with the pompous Karthani sons of bitches?
the orbits of my joints,
Morrison says, "We all want to thank Indie for a great time, and personally I want to say that I have enjoyed doing the show for so many years. It's time for all concerned to change it up, move on and explore new pastures - so big up and massive respect to all at Indie - thanks for a good time, folks. And stay tuned for further radio news-- the 'Camp Freddy Radio' show will be back after these words from our sponsors!!!"
- Serial number inside, cotton dustcover, certificate card & carebook let
Only two NGOs are working on the issue one is EMPOWER PEOPLE and the other is Shakti-vahini. But Shakti-vahini is working on some other issues as well, since bride trafficking is not an issue which could raise funds and, of course, no one can sustain without funds.
Now Pries is a young up and coming rapper I have been on for a few years now out of Denver. He has a B.o.B style of hip hop, which is very pop, radio friendly music. Normally I don’t like this style, but Pries can pull it off well. He still keeps some real hip hop feeling to his songs, like this one, but also goes all out pop on others. Make sure you get on this guy now so you can ride his blow up into the music industry.
of which no drainage 48.9%
“Surely,” he continued, “the State Police can find alternate means of processing firearms transactions and permit applications while the upgrade is in progress.”
Every channel you turn to, another lunatic preaches
Who is buying PORN these days?
We now know, following last Tuesday’s BBC This World documentary, that Smyth continued to abuse another boy, who was on the list supplied by Boland to the priests, until 1976, that boy’s sister until 1982 and four cousins of theirs, members of one family in Belfast, until 1988.
I am thankful for...Blessings and more blessings.It is wonderful to sit and reflect on how God has blessed me in abundance.He has been ever faithful.
Original Air Date: Feb 27, 2012
This is my reaction to hearing the news of the conviction of Stephen Lawrence's killers. I am very pleased that murderers have been brought to justice, but though there are similarities in that Gavin was killed in a vile unprovoked racist attack and his case has been closed, the obvious difference lies in the fact that Gavin was a white man. Just like in all those grooming cases where no one in official positions wants to know if the victim is white and the perpetrators not. Can the white section of the community in Oldham now look forward to immense interest and unlimited resources pouring in? I rather doubt it. The parents of Charlene Downes and others should not raise there hopes either.
I promise you'll always be the most important thing in my life.
the recipe for the pork with leeks is from my mother and i stumbled upon the recipe for leeks and beets here and i knew it will be good.
What happened to the nicities
::: the ‘welcome’ signs posted on our porch, a fresh wreath, a beautiful banner in our living room, homemade cookies and delicious oranges all waiting for us when we arrived at home from our 4 month adventure, just a day before solstice. Thank you dear friends.
There are four major aspects of the process of communication: The message, the encoding, the transmission, and the decoding. Ideally, the message is exactly the same after decoding as it is when it was encoded. but we can easily see from the message above that this is not the case.
The property is not very big. With just three bedrooms and two bathrooms it is just right for a small family, although there is the top floor to be renovated where more rooms could be created.
LOVE! To see even more information on this wonder product and see a jaw dropping price chart, check out Toni's post here.
Taz asked him why he thought Joe did it, Crimson said he took care of Joe at Slammiversary, and it could be jealousy, but he just made this personal, and will be back.
Maybe it is a sign of the times, but this week the borders between publishers offering author-publishing services blurred a little more. Apex Publishing is showing real intent on dramatically increasing its output of traditionally contracted authors with news of another autobiography of journalist and TV presenter, Garry Bushell. This follows the announcement last week of David Van Day’s autobiography and six other signed contracts, including Charles Bronson and Chas Hodges of Chas and Dave musical fame.
Matthew the Jolly was next to make a remark. “You will be raised up, make no mistake, but you shall rise by our hand and not by your weak God. We are the powerful on earth, we have killed your God, and we will kill you.”
This weekend, I had originally planned on running a local 7K (The Runnin' O' The Green). I ran it last year - even though it ended in snow and Joe was in bed, warm and cuddly. But this year? I didn't sign up; I just cuddled.
...I want to have Jane Birkin's sense of style, embody the undeniably tomboyish, yet super sassy 70's vibe and master the French-y fringe down to the T. Once I read that we all can wear a simple tee and jeans but only a few can really rock the look or even pull off carrying a wicker basket instead of a bag. J'adore! The best part: her style is so timeless and effortless, just looking at those photos makes me think that they could've been taken yesterday.
What an honor. I’ve never been great with the full stops or commas. Let’s see how far we can take this.
Pinky - back of a pencil!
That King spent uncounted hours of research on this project is obvious. I was actually in the sixties while I read this book, and Jake's nostalgic account of a long-ago era actually makes me want to go there myself to get root beer from a soda fountain and drink cold milk from a glass bottle.
Russian River Brewing Company Blind Pig IPA
Hubby: You can't just answer "Five" for every question! That's not happy, that's delusional.
Last week, I had my longest vacation from work in some time. I scheduled eleven full days, from Christmas Eve until Jan. 4, with basically nothing to do except recharge my batteries.
I have emailed each of the AHS students the April calendar of events. Please remove all the events you will not be participating in, leaving only those activities in which you involved, and email it back to me with your name included as part of the actual MS Word filename.
so do everything in your power now ..to do things right
*I'm loving that I get to leave for South Dakota this Saturday. I get to see my niece and my nephew AND my newest nephew who is on his way within the week!
My snake phobia, which has been ever-present in my life, has gotten markedly worse. The hills of Northern California are known for being prime rattlesnake territory and several friends who enjoy hiking have alerted me that the rattlers are definitely out and about already this spring. In fact, most of my hiker friends have seen at least one if not two snakes per hike during the last month. I have been strongly advised to stay off trails until the weather gets cooler, something I'm more than happy to do (although I'll miss running at Tilden).
tongs
I had forgotten to bring reading material and ended up scrounging through their bookcase. Yes, this calm and peaceful place was perfect for catching up on some reading. I ended up finding an awesome little book entitled A Gathering of Old Men. A story set around the 60's or 70's, but looking back in the early part of the last century... about racial tensions, slavery and ignorance, and men who had been too frightened to stand up, lest they be silenced forever... and then, when they were old and didn't care any longer, wanting to make sense of their wasted lives, they decide to stand up...set in a Louisiana backdrop. Quite the book to read, surrounded by such earthly materialistic pleasures. Makes one thankful, indeed, for so many things.
The two little guys had fun running around together, playing with Riley(the lab), jumping on the bed and playing on the swing set! They got along so well:) Great grandma and grandpa Sparks even came up for dinner one night too.
So if you are truly our leader, why did you not come down and speak to the Rakyat ? Is that not “1Malaysia – Rakyat didahulukan , pencapaian diutamakan”
Sad news the death of Davy Jones, the pocket sized pop star and tambourine banger in *the* Best Boy Band - ever. I can't better John Robb's piece - so I'll remember him with a repost...
This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.
However, two questions should be asked of the “it’s too soon” criticism:
- Work cannot be hung on an angle, so plan your work to be level. (If the pieces do not meet the dimensional
Pains of the past
Here are the rest of the ATC's I traded for:
Ugh. I felt so sick. I still can not believe this. I am desperately hoping (we are calling our insurance company back today) that it is at least the modified 700 number, the 1,290 number I can't even wrap my head around.
But thanks to Egypt’s revolution, that comfortable assumption has proven false. If large-scale rocket fire on southern Israel resumes and another war in Gaza becomes necessary, Israel will now pay a far higher price, both militarily and diplomatically, than it would have in 2008.
A court heard the brothers subjected taxi driver Mr Wang and his family to a ‘harrowing and brutal attack’ lasting 15 minutes.
It makes me feel calm
It began mundane enough. A man named similarly as the world’s Harry Potter-figure turned out to be more similar to that character in more ways than one. Soon enough he was journeying through various stories, myths, and tropes as he undertook one quest after another. First he sought his father, the man who created him, and eventually he ran after the source of the magical strangeness that has suddenly befallen his life.
Sweet malty smell to it, which should make it a German. It has the right hops hit to it as well.
It's a Toyota truck that has been lowered to literally 6 inches off the ground or less, painted white all over, including the bed cover.
BBQ’ing adds a flavor you just can’t be replicated in an oven or on a counter top grill. Not to mention the calories saved by BBQ’ing. The range of items you can BBQ goes beyond the hamburger, your only limited by your imagination. BBQ til your hearts content.
My initial thoughts:
Keep in mind that the last time I woke up to drive at 6 am ( a whole other ball game from 5 am ) I’d done so to drive during my road test which I failed while imparting a new meaning to the word abysmal … and that was in Muscat .
"I've been trying to get my kids involved in community service, but there aren't a lot of opportunities for them. Then he asked if he could clean up this area," she said.
I’ve completely slept on these beauties for quite sometime now and regret it! I thought I could make due and be satisfied with a similar pair that I had picked up from Topman last year, but the more I compare the boot I have, to this Wolverine Boot, I find myself fiending for the Wolverine Boot. Dont get me wrong, I love my Topman Boot, but need this Wolverine Boot as well. Oh the problems of a shoe/boot fiend. HA!
Droṇa is a great martial artist, who was the instructor of the entire royal family. His son is Aśvatthāmā, who beheaded the five sleeping children of “Kṛṣṇā.” The master of Droṇa’s son is Duryodhana, because he was the leader under whose cursed banner Droṇa and his son fought.
Where did my passion,
being in a VERY unpleasant mood, I called my doula and informed her I was going to the hospital. She chatted with me for awhile and then kindly suggested I stay home, as I could talk through contractions just fine. She knew I was afraid that if I got there early, I might get be more likely to get an epidural. And I agreed. I think it would have been better to labor at home. BUT, there was no way I was going to do so peacefully, so I decided to go. I knew she had a meeting that night, so I told
are in better shape today than 50 years ago?
Pakistan Today
New Free Porn Movies Added Each Day: Teenagers, asian, amateur, large boobs, ass, milf, blowjob, latina, bbw, public etc.
3) It looks like the U.S. hardcover version of Daughter of the Flames has gone or is going out of print (no one's informed me of this officially, but the publisher's website no longer lists it and it's not available to buy new anywhere anymore). Frankly, this is one of the most beautiful hardcovers I've ever seen, with copper foiling on the bindings to match the flaming phoenixes on the dustcover, so if anyone else is a book junkie and likes to collect them for their beauty - now is the time to snap up a copy.
Rachel turned to me and said "I bet you let your kids do it. Am I right"?
Pick One Band: Kimbra.
For companies, the corporate driving package includes driver assessment, private driving instruction, a driving safety course, a defensive driving course, and custom corporate training programs.
Deliverance comes when you worship God in the midst of your
Thanks for stopping by daily.
Belly
Tis the season! There are many children’s books that I love to read this time of year. Books such as The Polar Express and How the Grinch Stole Christmas are stories that I could hear again and again, each time with the same thrill and anticipation I had as a child. However, December is a month of multicultural holiday celebrations. As a mother of two and a preschool teacher I try to find books that will teach about the many different holidays and festivities around the world. I don’t believe we can appreciate the true spirit of the season until we can understand the meaning of celebrations from cultures that are different from our own. The following list is a mere sample of the great literature available, I hope you enjoy.
Northern police forces have investigated gangs of on-street predators for at least 14 years. In the most serious cases, children have been moved around the country in cars and used for sex by older men. This has led to abortions for girls as young as 12. In November, a court heard that when a South Yorkshire victim, aged 13, was examined by a nurse she appeared to have been raped more than 50 times.
But it did make me start thinking about trading up my old clodhoppers and possibly going to see a professional about my leg pain.
It's making a list of goals for the upcoming year instead of resolutions. I used to make resolutions but I could never quite stick with any of them. After I read Kerri's take on this, I figured I could certainly try this. In her words, this is what it is.
To Ethelred the head tow.”
Since in chapter 4, McKnight examined Paul’s concept of the gospel, he presents a question here in chapter 5. How did we get to a Christian culture that now promotes salvation over the fuller biblical expression of the gospel?
FB: Why?
The exciting part for me, I get to see another newborn before the week is over! Christina
Admittedly, my life has been fairly hectic and sleep has taken a priority over exercise and meal planning. How long can I keep using this excuse though? Not much longer. I haven’t taken the necessary actions yet but I have finally reached the point where I can acknowledge that something’s got to go. I must prioritise my health or I won’t be around to do all the ‘stuff’ I want to do. I won’t get far down my bucket list. My wake up call came when I saw this picture posted in a ‘motivation’ thread in a 12wbt forum.
Why? I thought that I lucked out when I got a Motorola Cliq XT Android phone for free. I mean "wow". My little Blackberry was still holding on and I was going to wait until early next year to do an upgrade. Yet, I was envying my Android and iPhone carrying friends to some degree.
Jen (the recipient of the shower) had said to me early on that if I was going to throw a shower she’d like me to know that her favorite cake was from Lamb’s Thriftway and was the banana cake with bavarian cream filling.
Again, you might say it’s hardly surprising in a post-devolution UK, with nationalist politics influential in Cardiff and dominating governments in Edinburgh and Belfast, that Britishness is being eroded. The extent of that decline, though, should be a major cause for worry.
As I’ve already pointed out, my first instinct was to get pissed off. Then, very quickly came the impulse to fan out and scoop up as much Cinder Cone Red (let’s call it CCR) as I could and hoard it. (Ironically, that was my first impulse when I first discovered CCR and learned it was a seasonal. I kept 12 of them stashed in the back of the closet for more than a month!) Now, in my zeal, I immediately sought out the local distributor, the local Total Wine outlet and Deschutes themselves. I neglected to bother with much detailed research on line at places like Beer Advocate; an oversight that would eventually prove significant.
Here is Hillbilly Moon Explosion with my new favourite version of Chick Habit:
Position yourself as before : on your back, knees bent, with feet flat on the floor. In this exercise I recommend that you consciously shorten your inhalations and exhalations. (Your breath rate should not become rapid, though; the shorter inhalations and exhalations are balanced by the longer extended pause.) Inhale for one or two to four seconds, and then pause. During the pause should be like the natural relaxation that occurs as you exhale. You can extend the pause by consciously relaxing wherever you feel specific tensions.
You must go visit her Blog, you'll fall in love, and don't forget to check out my little feature!!!
We finally decided on clear plexiglass as the covering.
State: Just put the baby in the crib, watching some Colbert to let the DVR of the World Extreme Cagefighting get recorded a little bit so I can fast forward the commercials.
Only one of the best brunches I have ever had, in fact as I write this I cannot even think of a better one. It is the perfect way to start your weekend, the food is just so incredibly good. Do not miss the Baked Clifford Farms Eggs with Tomato & Chorizo, The Best Biscuit You’ve Ever Had with Butter & Jam (it really is the best I have ever had, they speak the truth.) And their House Blend Coco, it is perfect hot chocolate, not to sweet and made with great chocolate.
card stock: Moonlit Fog Pure Luxury, purple textured is Bazzill Basics called Grape Jelly, white
The new buzzword is “He-covery”. That’s the term the New York Times’ Catherine Rampell and others use to characterize the new numbers on our so-called economic recovery. Cute the way we use gender terms to nickname serious issues, isn’t it?
A pair of similarly dressed people, a man and a woman, both with blonde hair and similar features, run at her with their fists raised. Without thinking, she whirls about swiftly and slams her fist into one and then the other, sending both of them falling to the floor. The man rises first and charges at her again, but she merely stands until he is within reach, and then reaches out faster than she can blink to wrap her hand around his throat. At first she squeezes, and feels him gasping and clawing at her hand for air. Then she feels the familiar milky flow through her palms and fingertips, this time cool and smooth. She sees a silvery white liquid seeping down his throat, and his thrashing slowly ceases. The woman suddenly lunges at him to knock him from Djoran’s grasp, but she catches the woman’s arm and whirls her back, reaching out and clutching her throat as well. Soon two sets of eyes have rolled gently up into their heads, bodies gone slack and faces smooth and relaxed.
I know some people will work through their collections listening systematically, but I think I'll create some new playlists and maybe edit away some of the songs too.
The Agenda of The Write Agenda: In which Writer Beware exposes the smear campaign being waged against anti-scam activists by an anonymous group calling itself "The Write Agenda," and considers whether some familiar faces may actually be behind it.
Beefsteak, Brandywine, Yellow Pear and Speckled Roman
The lucky winner will not only receive a $5,000 yard makeover, but they will also receive a visit from Taniya Nayak (@TaniyaNayak on Twitter). Taniya will go through and give you tips on the best way to update your yard! She will give you creative ideas for incorporating flower bulbs into your landscape.
I colored all my images with my Copic Markers and just had so much fun making these cards.
WIE: Could you describe that breakthrough?
Tata Institute of Social Sciences
Would Elli miss her shot at love?
I have loved anchovies ever since my grandfather introduced me to them when I was 6 years old. My long love affair began when he opened up a tin of anchovy rolled capers; I couldn't get enough of them.
I have this awesome and highly little entertaining pattern that I live: Just when my life is starting to feel good, peaceful, full of love and stuff that smells curiously like joy, I create a killer drama to get me all jaded. Now, because I have become a mini Buddha rock, this can no longer be a mini drama. It has to be a big Kahuna to throw me off my rock of Godly peace. So, just when I was starting to feel that maybe life was actually a lovely peaceful thing for me to deliciously inhale one sweet, gentle day at a time, with love pouring out of it tirelessly, I created some weird arsed Peruvian bug mystery to throw Agatha Christie and created a pseudo housing ‘crisis’.
To start off, I sprayed my heart shrine pieces with silver spray paint. I've talked about treating the Masonite before. You can read about it here. I wanted a metallic base and spray paint is fast. Here are my pieces all painted:
Exhausting, yet lovely.
The Gavotte remains popular in Brittany to this day and you will often see it demonstrated during the many wonderful festivals held throughout Brittany during the summer months.
John dimly recalled Nicola going on about this new neighbour over the weekend, but couldn’t recall the specifics, he hadn’t been paying attention. It wasn’t like Nicola to want to mix with the neighbours and he was curious. He made a mental note to ask Nicola about this when she got back before getting stuck into the paperwork Jeremy gave him. It was going to be a long, and unpleasant evening.
That’s it……ask questions…and a lot of them!
They exemplify the art of the corporate tease. Microsoft approaches a company on the verge of being washed away into the ebb of Internet history, and offers them the vital flow of capital they crave. No full merger, just a friendly alliance with mutual benefits.
I haven't read the book in a while. Reading it to her this afternoon I was so impressed with Mr. Slinger. Why he struck me so today I am not sure. Possibly when I read the book previously I was a more patient, understanding teacher than I am at the moment.
Eeee I'm off to Barcelona in a few days!.. Eeeeeeee!
Those of you who are still paying attention will realize that the past tense has been used throughout this blog. And, so we come to the irony, at last! Six weeks before George Osborn, the UK’s Chancellor of the Exchequer, mentioned TIF in his 2012 Budget Statement, the model was abolished in the State of California! Two thousand and eleven was a year of claims and counter claims over the value-added of redevelopment agencies, debates that were often played out in both the law courts and in the media. It got ugly – ‘toxic’ according to some – and ended up in the California Supreme Court on 29 December. This ruled that AB27 – which would have meant the redevelopment agencies handing over large amounts of their reserves to the State – was illegal. The Court basically reinforced Proposition 22. So far so good for redevelopment agencies, and the California Redevelopment Association that represented them. However, the Supreme Court upheld AB26 – which meant that as the State had created redevelopment agencies and TIF, through the 1945 Act and its 1952 addition, it could also end them. Redevelopment agencies would be dissolved. Panic in the California redevelopment community set in. Attempts were made to build bridges with the Governor’s office and the State legislator, but to no avail. TIF, and the 400 plus redevelopment agencies that used the model to fund a range of projects around the State, ceased to exist on 1 February 2012. The result remains an absolute mess. One sort of bureaucracy is being replaced with another. Successor agencies around California are trying to manage the winding down of a highly complex and locally specific ‘model’. Meanwhile, at the State level, Jerry Brown is pulling in staff from different department to oversee the processes through which it gets to give the okay to some TIF projects to continue and to end others. Watch out for wave after wave of court cases, as all involved seek to establish landmark rulings.
Happy St. Patricks Day!
I spent time with Emma and Tessa, I took Tanner for a long walk. I finally, FINALLY, finished this project and so far, I am very happy with how it turned out....
2 oz of softened butter
Proceeds from THAT’S VOICEOVER! benefit the Alzheimer’s Association.
The fastest way for you to get curly updos, you can come to the salon. They will provide some tools that will make your hair style curly updos. Most of the salon for updo hairstyles make it easy……[read more]
I have been clean,clean, CLEANING since Monday and have not stopped (Well except maybe yesterday when I spent the day getting all my necessities at Walmart...if only we had a Target here! I have reorganized my desk 5 times, made my dog homemade treats, planned out mine and Clayton's meals through next meal, grocery shopping, toiletry shopping, school supply shopping, organized my closest, laminated my little heart away, among many other things... whew! I sure do like to keep busy! What I loved the most was school supply shopping. It literally takes me multiple trips to the planner aisle before I can make a final decision and the same goes for notebooks, pens, EVERYTHING! I can't even imagine what I am going to be like when it comes to decorating my classroom!
the more I realize Christmas is a matter of the heart......
Wishing all our wonderful readers and subscribers a happy, healthy, and peaceful holiday season--whatever kind of holidays you celebrate. See you in 2012!
~Whatever else you want to add~
Spellbinders Hearts, Scalloped Hearts, Round and Scalloped Round dies were used for this project. An unknown satin white ribbon ties this design together!
Ironically, Tam got a six year prison sentence for making money; but top bankers now get bonuses for losing money; and, with ‘quantitive easing’, the Bank of England is now in the business of printing funny money.
The chalet was organised and booked by my 4th SIL By 6 pm most of the other family members had come and the bbq started.
But this novel is no bleeding heart criticism of social conditions. Whatever your views about young people who kick against society, you have to admit that the dominant problem in Stephen's life is a real one. It's twelve foot long and he's been feeding it a pig a month.
Sport team, 3 season participation, novice level (much less practice than the Varsity team)
When he tried coming back into the restaurant a couple of weeks later, we had to politely remind him that we reserve the right to refuse service to anyone. Especially people who publicly skip out on their tab whenever their girlfriends storm out of the restaurant during a fight.
My intention was to complete the loop and go all the way from the bridge-side of trail to the causeway/traffic circle end and back to the bridge. However, due to the fact that I only began the trek at almost 19:30, I didn’t make it all the way to the causeway as the sun was beginning its descent to the horizon and daylight would start to fade soon afterwards, so the decision was made to turn around when I was approximately 3.2km in. The other downside is that the trail is unlit and tricky in some spots, a great combo for stumbling and tripping in the dark.
9/9 Networking
(images courtesy of Flickr)
One of the common objections to the Christian view of salvation, especially in its Reformed expression, is that salvation by grace alone through faith alone leads to moral license. If we can’t earn one tiny iota of deliverance from sin by our good works, then why do good at all?
On Sunday, though, we got a ton of rain on top of all the snow we've had. Since our basement tends to flood whenever there's a chance of a lot of rain we now do a once-over of the basement and move anything important off the floor. On Sunday this meant taking my bike off the trainer and putting both it and the trainer up off the floor. Thankfully the basement didn't flood.
Last year, police launched a pre-emptive strike, arresting those selling Bersih T-shirts as well as Parti Sosialis Malaysia members who were dubbed the “heroic EO6”. On July 9, special “arrest squads” moved in and police were filmed using excessive force against those hauled up. One policeman even admitted to FMT after that it was wrong to beat and kick protesters.
I know I've been a blog slacker on this blog. What can I say? I only have time to write this right now because I'm in a hotel room with nothing else to do. I coach my son's high school aged FTC Robotics team and we're going to the State championships tomorrow. So I have a few minutes to post. But the last few months have been total chaos.
Today's card is heading over to the following challenges:
and camp under stars
And the way I think about it is the campaigns are outsourcing the trouble of raising money to well-connected individuals. And sort of the reform question is, is that a problem because the one person can still only give that $2,300. But if they can drop off a pile of checks that is a million dollars, have they in essence evaded the spirit of the law?
I am hoping to let you guys (I am imagining that there will be some of you at some point) get to know me a little. I am hoping that my personal trials and journeys can offer some inspiration to help others overcome their own obstacles. I think this will be a cathartic process for me too, sharing my thoughts and daily updates online is daunting and exciting.
Judged by its cover: The pretty skinny white girl in a pretty dress that has nothing to do with the story sets me to twitching, but of that school of cover design, this one actually isn't bad. I like the smoke effect, and the pomegranate color scheme very much puts me in mind of a Persephone story, which is, of course, what this is.
1/2 c grated Parmigiano Regianno cheese
Last night I was telling Ross, "sometimes it just seems so selfish. This life that he is wasting."
But public subsidies would support the housing, and those subsidies could be used to build housing elsewhere.
The Case For “The Case For . . .” Books – Funny satire mocking Christian apologist Lee Strobel and his infinite number of books he’s written with titles beginning with “The Case For . .. “
And acceptance is the answer to all my problems today. When I am disturbed, it is because I find some person, place, thing or situation — some fact of my life — unacceptable to me, and I can find no serenity until I accept that person, place, thing or situation as being exactly the way it is supposed to be at this moment. Nothing, absolutely nothing happens in God’s world by mistake.
hard at work on "Tota Pulchra Es," I believe.
This is a new kind of illustration for me. I usually paint pictures that can be understood without text. But if someone views this illustration with out the text, I am sure they will be quite puzzled by the elephant falling from the snowy sky. Hopefully the "Magic Show" poster will help explain it!
I can’t seem to move.
1 Green Pepper, chopped – optional
Kitchen- empty dishwasher before breakfast and clear the table and load the dishes after dinner.
I considered my options. Carefully, I rolled the newspaper carpet towards the door. The poo lake rolled towards me in a wave. I decided that rolling was a bad idea. After some thought, I used most of my newspaper supply to soak up as much of the catastrophe as possible, pushed the whole lot in to a bin liner and then threw buckets of water and disinfectant in to the coop until my nostril hairs stopped burning. Those seven strawberries cost me an hour of hard, stinky labour. The girls watched me from the border, where they considerately jumped up occasionally to chew on my roses.
and are thrilled that you spend time with us!
“Oh….I didn’t did I?” Laughing, Bob shook his head. He thought Emily was a little bossy, seeming to want things always to go her way. Running his hand through his balding hair, Bob walked back over to the fridge and got out some chocolate syrup, squirting it in Emily’s cup. “How’s that?”
In loving service,
And you will get THREE!
Article 118
but along with the snow that came early that monday morning came something else...
5. Bump up heat. Deglaze skillet with Armagnac, scraping diligently to incorporate all the tasty browned bits stuck to pan. Once reduced to a syrup, scrape into a small bowl. Set aside to cool.
She asked me if it was switched on at the power point.
Confused? Well, the book has very little conflict other than people wanting what they can't have, so after a while, I was confused too. Wynne is new to the BDSM scene, and it seems her submissiveness turns all three of these guys on. The problem is that none of the sex is very erotic, and the rest of the story is just a bit flat. And although the book gives a warning that this is a "sexually explicit" book, I found it a bit tame.
We're good people! Richard and I try our hardest to make the best decisions that will allow us to sleep good at night. We give everything we do our all so that at the end of the day we know that we won't have any regrets because we tried our best.
So, I know I don’t want a conservative or an even-more-conservative to win. So I am left with the left. Alberta Party is out of the question. I know too little about them, and they have virtually no chance of making any impact, even in a minority government situation. I am left with the NDP or the Liberals. So, who should I vote for?
On Monday morning we went on stubhub and found a great deal on a pair of tickets. This was of course my first Dolphins game, and it was clearly a great game to go to. It was the first Monday Night Football game of the year and so to start off the game there was a pretty cool flyover by a stealth bomber.
It can be an article from a publication, a website, a PR release, an ad, a video clip -- any piece of communication about advertising or marketing -- just as long as it's bullshit.
Now as a photographer, hhhmmmm, often when you want THE shot, you sometimes (OFTEN?) have to take risks?
2) When you're on a screen that has a list you can scroll through vertically, the left silver buttons scroll through the list one item at a time.
Origin: Diminutive of Scottish Douglas
I tried in the fall to keep up with my calories on the Spark People app (which was really great if one is going to keep up with calories) and I would be all into it for a few weeks but then it was just old. boring. the same thing. And I still wasn’t losing weight. So, I lost motivation and that was all she wrote! I continued to use the app but only as a weight tracker.
Earlier in the day, designer Eina Ahluwalia’s accessory presentation looked forced and a pain in the neck for the models who wore them on the runway. Designer Payal Singhal’s offering also leaned more towards jarring than aesthetic when she attempted heavy ornamentation. However, designer Nupur Kanoi made a stylish presentation using long tapes of fabrics in a mesh format to treat the surfaces of her creations. Young Ruchika Sachdeva played well with silhouettes and surfaces. Designer Swapnil Shinde made another space-age presentation — something that he is known for by now.
Yes, all the profits from the sale of the JUST BREATHE trilogy will go to programs that educate people about whales. I don’t need the money. Whales do.
I hope my 30′s will enlighten me more and give me more wisdom and strength to get through these new situations that will arise so that I don’t have to look back and think what if...?
“When the government’s boot is on your throat, whether it is a left boot or a right boot, a male boot or female boot, a black boot or white boot, a Catholic, Muslim, Christian or Atheist boot, a straight, homosexual or lesbian boot; is of no consequence.”
Yesterday, a coworker informed us that she's just been diagnosed with bone cancer. She start chemo next week, so I thought a shawl would be a nice way to keep her warm and let her know we are all thinking of her as she fights her battle.
Try to wrap your head around these numbers -- on a monthly basis, Shaq spends:
The Life & Times today are Tough
Afterwards we met up with friends for dessert which also helped cool our burning mouths. I had mango doufuhua again. This was my fave of the two, it has a better mango to tofu ratio and was slightly tangy as well as sweet.
Powers: Morphing metal arm, super strength, super speed, stamina.
soldiers can be heard in the distance.
We've been enjoying our long summer break! Here's a peek at what we've been up to over the extended Christmas break we have here in NZ:
Christi is a member of the Paducah Fiber Artists. Her quilts often make reference to Chinese or Native American medicine.
He was in reality torn between the opposing forces of delight and envy; delight in a new discovery, even though he himself had had no part in it, and envy of the discoverer upon whom Fortune had smiled.
I hope your all having a much nice bank holiday weekend, weatherwise, than we are. It has been raining on and off all weekend so far, typical bank holiday weekend!
Dress ("Emma", Smoking Lily), jacket (Pelican Cove, consignment), shoes (Prepare Guides, Fluevog), bug pendant (Heart's Content), wrist wrap (Shi Studio), ring (Wendy Brandes).
The other night I ran across a new-to-me group called Rend Collective Experiment. I'm totally loving it, lots of good lyrics that actually glorify Christ. Sadly, even in so-called Christian music this is a rarity!
UPDATE: Jessops are now displaying the lenses in stock:
Let's see... I can also talk about our downstairs neighbor because she doesn't know about the blog. She's renting the studio apartment in the basement of our Tiny Cottage and we met for the first time over the weekend.
The remnants of purity, and innocents of vision seems to be vanishing. Things are not what they are anymore. A is not A, just opposite of what Aristotle's Law of Idenity supposed.
Bâri′’s stay at Sukarno’s Presidential Palace didn’t last forever. In fact, his Indonesian stay may have lasted only four years – just as “The Obama Narrative” wants us to believe.
Would like voters to believe jobs are lost to overregulation even when surveys show that less than 1% of employers claim to have reduced jobs as a result of regulatory effects. YES
Neville Bartos: Forget about it. All right?
“Great dancers are not great because of their technique,
No blogs for the last couple of days, and for that I apologize. I’ve been dealing with a minor crisis on the home front involving hospitals and the like. Everything is fine now (by the grace of God).
It feels like I haven't been here for ages, but the last post was only three days ago. I think it's because I'd prepared SP's birthday Square of Lust before hand and haven't spent much time in blogville since the end of January when I prepared & posted the Star Trek items. That Bananarama video was neither here nor there, so that doesn't count, either.
Tournament Director Matt Meade, who coaches the 14-under Lake Erie Waves, is pleased to see how the event has grown since its inception. He said the inclusion of more out-of-state teams has upped the competition, benefiting everyone involved.
Now, I don’t know if you have noticed or not but I have an issue with conformity – doing things the way others do them. I am not saying it is wrong to do what others do, I just think its wrong to do what others want you to do if it is not what you want to do. Did you know that people make others conform all the time? In an experiment by Solomon Asch, people were seated together and told they were to test their own eye sight by choosing lines that were the closest in length. Everyone that was seated in the group, except one person, was in on the experiment and had scripted answers. After the first couple questions, they purposely all told the same wrong answer. The one person who was not in on the experiment most often would change his opinion to fit that of the others.
not wasting my waist me ;)
Growers differed in their views on whether or not it was more finely flavoured than Farnham or Canterbury Whitebines.
Rumors of my death have been greatly exaggerated! I'm not dead, and I haven't been very stampy this week, either. Why? Well, it's certainly not for lack of supplies! Nope! I'm taking the online class by Tim Holtz called Creative Chemistry 101, wherein he's trying to teach us all how to use the Ranger products most of us already have. It's actually quite embarrassing.
1. Everything happens just as it should so don’t worry when things don’t go your way.
Debra Magpie Earling
First, step back for a minute or so and imagine having
“The EPA and Corps actually want to control all waters of the United States and all activities affecting those waters. You do not want the EPA and Corps in your backyard,” said Chuck Cushman of American Land Rights Association.
I know it’s stupid.
And then there were the towering piano players: Pete Johnson, Albert Ammons, Meade Lux Lewis, Roosevelt Sykes, Leroy Carr, Jelly Roll Morton, Champion Jack Dupree, Tuts Washington, Willie “The Lion” Smith, Otis Spann, Memphis Slim, Pinetop Perkins, Professor Longhair, James Booker, Allen Toussaint and Dr John.
At around 20 feet off the ground it’s my highest I’ve ever jumped on. But hey it’s only a sneek preview. I’ll jump 30 feet on Ariel’s Point on the mainland. Then 50 feet off the cliffs of Malapascua in Cebu. This kid likes to die hard. And my reward for that act of bravery (and foolishness) is a painful dose of sun burns. Don’t ever touch my back kiddos (it hurts).
Lesson #2: If your sample could be the beginning of any story ever, it's not The Best Thing.
Yes, we've slipped back to C after only a brief foray into D-land. Sorry.
I love you, Tommy, I love you, Tommy
The apostles came to recognise that Jesus was the Messiah sent to redeem His people, but also that Jesus was none other than the eternal Son of God who had come to live in the world He had made, and to die for the sins of His people.
Erica Smolders – I was attending University overseas, took a part-time job at a small flower stand and fell in love with it. Within weeks I’d decided that I just had to be a floral designer... and the rest is history.
Tips For Using a Firm Body Shaper
Today I looked back on my life so far, and I realized that I’ve never felt quite at home here. Lately this feeling of being misplaced has grown in me, misplaced but perhaps not placed haphazardly.
*Next, select 15 blogs/bloggers that you’ve recently discovered or follow regularly.
- higher categories which need Work to fulfil, but they pay better and better.
Mason’s nine and he’s pretty mature for his age. He tells me a lot of kids say a lot of nasty things on the bus, but he doesn’t resort to their level of thinking and stands up for himself and his buddies. That’s what we taught him. Still, I wonder just how many THINGS he is learning on his bus ride home from school.
If I can't have an antique grandfather or mantel clock, I could have the soundtrack, right?
His false claim that the human race descended from him has been thoroughly refuted by science.
She will be held captive
After a small glitch where our Transportation Specialist forgot to pick me up and left me standing on the corner of Canal and Royal for an hour, I arrived at the work site only to find that my beautiful grouting job had just been torn apart. Orders from the head office, they weren’t happy with the tiles, etc and it had tobe ripped out. ouch. but as I have learned in the process of rebuilding homes and lives. One has to roll with it and not take anything personally. they would be hiring a contractor to do the job. Well, at the risk of sounding a little arrogant, I did some beautiful grouting and was glad I had taken pics; One has to have a flexible personality and not get attached to things here. It is all part of the recovery and healing. Learning to roll with the punches so to speak!
* Nancy Killefer: tax lien on home for failing to pay unemployment tax for household workers
Sneaky business.
and sidewalk awnings.
Your Sunday suit slides
Don't you just enjoy standing still sometimes and gazing out to sea?
I'm wanting to start to make more cocktails at home because, we Marshall has beer with the guys and most of the girls drink it too (I can't stand the stuff) so I want a little something for me. I think these three and then I'd have a pretty good selection for making a few different kinds.
I don’t mean their high price shoes click clanking across the floor. I mean their loud, harsh, abrasive mouth. Talking, shouting,Gossiping, demanding etc.
The floating cap of sea ice on the Artic ocean shrank this summer to what it probably its smallest size in at least a century, continuing a trend toward less summer ice and the shift is hard to explain without attributing it in part to human-caused global warming.
Favorite kind of cereal? What are your go-to snacks when studying? Do you love any “weird” food combos?
"HAND made with LOVE"
Now, for other RM news:
Post on your blog.
Amos was a layman who spoke for God… He spoke of God’s justice and mercy and love. He warned against luxuries and the sin of self-indulgence… He preached that God would punish wrongdoing… He preached repentance and a need to be restored to the Living God, in whom is true riches and prosperity. Judgment is no small thing… When it is about to fall upon a nation, it is time to stop everything and pray. Joel prophesies this in Joel 2:15-17… Isaiah prophesies that the Lord will come to Zion and bring to light every hidden thing of darkness (Isaiah 59:18-20). Also note… Malachi 3:1-3; Isaiah 4:1-3, 66:5; Jeremiah 5:22; Ezekiel 26:16-18, 32:10; Daniel 6:26; Hosea 11:10-11; and James 2:19. When God comes… people will tremble… Judgment begins at the house of God first and then continues to the rest of the nation. In Isaiah 6:1, the Seraphims cried “Holy”… God’s holiness was so bright that they covered their faces. Modern man scoffs at God’s holiness.
9:20AM
Tell me what you think.
Other things going on... I have recently branched out from the web design and have started Presh Prints. www.preshprints.com - super cute birth announcements and birthday invitations and more to come... super excited about this and this is where I spend most of my extra time.. I'm just stoked.
We took a nice weekend trip to see the Jesuit ruins in the south of Paraguay and also in Argentina. They were very interesting, I love old, crumbling bits of history, so they were perfect for me. They boys seemed to enjoy them as well.
Main image printed onto acetate with a white glitter paper behind giving an ethereal look. Embellished with organza bows, marabou feathers and faux gemstone sprays with a couple of coordinating Tim holtz vintage roses.
The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) has recently posted on its website all the feedback received by it in response to its discussion paper on the 'Review of the Organizational Structure of the Controller General of Patents, Designs, Trademarks and Geographical Indication'. The Department has received feedback from a number of organizations including INTA, INTERPAT, OPPI, IPA, FICCI etc. All the responses can be accessed over here. The most interesting submissions, in my opinion, is from the 'Officials of the Delhi Patent Office'. Not only have these officials questioned the practice of outsourcing examinations to the CSIR, they have also criticized the quality of examinations conducted by the CSIR. These officials have also made some interesting recommendations on improving the internal systems of the patent office. Their submissions can be accessed over here.
We have to say thanks again to Allen and Lolita for the gift of tamales. They recommended a nearby grocery store in Cathedral City that has 'pretty good' tamales. We went there today, and it was a huge great store where I picked up some cactus leaves, tomatillo sauce, cheese and chicken tamales and jicama. Next time I hope to remember to take my wee Latino cookbook, or at least a proper list.
February 26th
D (with Mo editing from beside)
CONSERVATIVE: pasty pasty pasty. I like pasties too. Yum yum. Last pasty I had. Pasty pasty. Cynical Leader of the Oppastie photo pastie. Pasty pasty pasty pas…
Dee: I think probably the Renly death scene because of what I said above. It was precisely done the way it was in the book, so there was nothing wrong about it, but I think it was misplaced for an episode. It would’ve served a lot better to be at the end of an episode instead of at the beginning of one. The Wall stuff is also a little boring right now, although Sam’s trying to be adorable.
If it’s a crime to follow a girl all the way home
The increase in seismicity at Taal Volcano reflects a low-level episode of unrest. Alert Level 1 remains in effect over Taal Volcano. At present, no imminent eruption is indicated although the public is advised to observe some precautions. In this regard, PHIVOLCS reminds the general public that the Main Crater area is off-limits because steam explosions may suddenly occur. Other hazards within the Main Crater may be the build up of toxic gases in case of more pronounced volcanic reactivation. The northern portion of the Main Crater rim, in the vicinity of Daang Kastila Trail, may also be hazardous, when reactivated with steam emission and increased thermal activity. Furthermore, the public is reminded that Taal Volcano Island is a high-risk area and permanent danger zone, hence, habitation is strictly not recommended.
My people humble people who expect
I am wishing all of you very peaceful, thoughtful and fulfilling Holidays. It's been such a pleasure to meet you all, and I look forward to continued online "art adventures".
To participate in this week’s prompt, write an original poem using any or all of the words listed below. Post your poem on your blog (or in the comments section here, if you’d prefer), and then use the Mister Linky button (at the bottom of the post) to link back to your poem. Don’t forget to leave feedback for other contributors throughout the week, visiting their blogs as you have time.
It's hypocrisy gone mad don't you know.
He had: Godzilla Burger
It is going to only choose 10 mins every day to figure out how to prepare your brain to obtain the most out of it and discover natural talents and abilities that can make your daily life a whole lot simpler and consider it towards the following level.
Dough (B)
So while the intentions were good here, I think the execution is lacking, especially in connecting the vintage black and white work to the contemporary world. This isn't the first show in these rooms that has run off the rails as it left the 1950s. The Met needs to do a better job of connecting the dots between its vast holdings and more recent artistic activity when it takes on a broad topic like this one, or it should be happy to stay focused on its areas of traditional strength. The photography on view here is certainly of high quality, but the thematic construct is too diffuse to be very enlightening or educational.
Dear Lapsed Subscriber,
6. Do you know someone who loves the theatre? The Merrigong has season tickets, gift vouchers or tickets to individual shows. Season tickets start from $175 or perhaps tickets to the Pirates of Penzance ($62) or The School for Wifes ($49) There are plenty of family shows too including The Gruffalo's Child ($22) and the Bugalugs Bum Thief ($22)
The Town authorities tried in vain to locate any relatives in Kansas to release Mildred Packer’s body to, but could find none. The Town Judge in Red River then informed the Medical Examiners office in nearby Taos that the body was to be cremated and the ashes scattered since no relatives could be located.
On Sunday I got out the sidewalk chalk so the little baby granddaughter and I could draw on my driveway and sidewalk. I love writing on the sidewalk. We used to do that when we were kids. We would take a stone and etch a hopscotch board onto a driveway or sidewalk and play for hours. Imagine, being entertained for hours by a simple stone and a flat surface!
Often, efficiency is contrasted with morality, usually fairness or justice. Some economic policies may be seen as increasing efficiency, but at the cost to fairness or justice. It is the classic laissez-faire versus neoliberalism argument. The question being argued is to what degree (if any) the government should be involved in economic decisions.
My brewhouse and I know that what counts is not the way our copper is fired, the noise of our boil, nor the steam we make. We know that it is the hop utilization that counts. We will hit our target O.G....
Me: So "fart" means happy?
Manufacturing & Technology News
show details 12/7/09
But all in all, I am human and this is me
But hardlinking can be hard, because unless it is done in a specific way, the web producers loses the ability to change that web page.
At the report Mata Hari fell. She did not die as actors and moving picture stars would have us believe that people die when they are shot. She did not throw up her hands nor did she plunge straight forward or straight back.
Still in the midst of it, I remembered 2 Thessalonians 5:17, "give thanks in all circumstances." I thanked God for the chance to provide this nutrition to my child. For a full year of nursing. For an awesome husband to care for me. And for this happening on a weekend when we had family in town to help with Lil in the morning. (thanks, Grammy!)
Zimbabwe is limping from a position of a semi-colony under economic siege in a degenerating capitalist system that is forced to resort to brutal wars in order to guarantee some stability in a perspective of impending collapse for a system that has ruined livelihoods and survives thanks to the betrayals of the so-called workers leaders. With the working class demoralized and betrayed by these so-called leaders the national end game is now firmly in the hands of the two poles of imperialism as witnessed by the so-called 'u turn' by SADC on Zimbabwe which is nothing but a logical outcome of a managed transition that excludes or manipulates the masses of any nation. China has decided to sacrifice its interests in Zimbabwe for those of South Africa which can be threatened by a shift of political ground in that country and it is also probable that the US promised not to threaten the interests of China.
Dr Starkey called for better teaching of English history to create a “common identity” and overcome the challenges of multiculturalism.
I looked at the skies,
I would like to hear what your opinion is in these matters. Please comment.
That decision I made in September 1981 was the best of my life. I've never regretted it for a single second. I was told by some people that I was missing out on things - going out with different people, parties, holidays abroad. I should be buying clothes, make-up etc rather than things for my ' bottom drawer' - in their words I shouldn't be 'tying myself down'.
This is without doubt the biggest presidential scandal in my lifetime . Watergate , Iran-Contra , Monica Lewinski were embarrassing but no one died as a result . The dinosaur media bootlickers have shown to all where their loyalties lie . Not with truth telling but with advancing the chosen narrative .
PBR 4.2%
Ok, here's the fact: I have now passed two mountain bikes while running
Ah yes, the train. I preferred to change the subject. This delay dwindled my chances of making the twice weekly run across the plains. “What do you think about the judicial process here, is it effective?” I asked already knowing the response. “It’s difficult, I’m up against a very corrupt system,” he began, staring out at the ocean of cars. “Those with money can buy themselves out trouble, those without any influence get taken advantage of.” He adjusted the briefcase on his lap; now he looked directly at me. “That’s the only good thing about this government, they’re fighting corruption. But they ignore the bigger problems just to pat themselves on the back over a few big fish.”
Today being Tuesday it is again the Colour challenge at The Outlawz, and this week it was Guylou's turn to choose a photo inspiration and colour palette, with the twist being add a fruit print or embellishment
Exactly how she had experienced them
It is already Christmas eve here in China. We are missing all the preparations leading up to the big day. Christmas decorations are up here, but it focuses on the commercial aspect of Christmas. We found out that we will be able to go to church on Christmas morning, and we are looking forward to that.
Every morning about a foot from where the water rose, broken beer bottles and glass shards scattered across the ground. We had to be careful where we stepped and always keep our shoes on. Especially when we played in the water, so that we could scare away the sting rays that loved to burrow into the sand at the bottom, by dragging our feet as we entered.
“One ascendant talent who deserves to be widely read and encouraged is John Jeremiah Sullivan…Pulphead is one of the most involving collections of essays to appear in many a year.” —Larry McMurtry, Harper’s Magazine
The thirty-something years-old mother,
but unfortunelty they fell by the wayside with life and family....
The lesser, the lesser
Muckaty Station, another remote Aboriginal community, risks being the site for Australia’s nuclear waste dump despite opposition from most of the traditional owners in the community. Again with rare bi-partisan support the Federal Parliament recently passed the National Radioactive Waste Management Bill 2010. The decision is being challenged in the Federal Court. Jagath Dheerasekara’s photographic series Manuwangku: Under the Nuclear Cloud has been part of FotoFreo in West Australia and will be seen in Sydney as part of the Head On Photo Festival from 1 May.
Like all the German foods I ate growing up, I learned to make these in the American Midwest where German, Swiss, and Austrian bakeries, Konditoreien, sausage shops, and butchers were commonplace and the Germanic (or, as we called it, “Dutchy”) influence on home cooking was pervasive. The older I get, the less I eat the German foods of my youth. But as I work through our bacon inventory, I’ve been building a craving for a bowl of Speckklöße.
After William the Conqueror comes The Bucket and the Rope by T.F Powys, which is one of the most original stories I have ever read - it's narrators are, in fact, a bucket and a rope. E.M Forster follows Powys, with a story called The Road from Colonus. I am mildly allergic to E.M. Forster, so probably cannot provide a fair assessment of the story. It deals with an Englishman abroad who has an epiphany, a theme that I have the impression was regularly on Forster's mind. Its tone is mildly flippant, I think - or perhaps I just took it the wrong way. It irritated me.
Glad to see I have two followers besides myself. Furthermore, the few comments I've recevied already make me feel better about this wedding stuff, there's a whole world out there of virtual support that I've jsut begun to tap into!
No Brikins bags; no precious diamonds (though these are every girl’s cherished dreams); no one-kilo pearl necklaces; no expansive holidays – in fact no holidays even really; no Honorary Doctorate issues; no credit card spending sprees. None.
The game was odd from the beginning. In a cross promotion with McDonald's for their Egg McMuffin sandwich, the game started at 10:30 in the morning. Jim went 3 for 3 with two home runs, including a grand slam. He tied the franchise record for RBI in a single game, set originally by Carl Reynolds on July 2, 1930. The mark has had such diverse company as Tommy McCraw and Robin Ventura. What makes Spencer's feat so remarkable is that he matched it on July 2, 1977 against the Minnesota Twins.
The actual award, which I will hold onto for the time being, is very nice - a glass interpretation of the 1818 lighthouse on Buffalo's Lake Erie waterfront.
“Arise, and go into Damascus; and there it shall be told thee of all things which are appointed for thee to do.”
And so, as I continue to post here (and love doing it!), from time to time you may see me taking a bloggy break. And I will come back when the time is right, feeling refreshed and inspired by spending time doing what is truly inspiring to ME!!
It was amazing to Stolik how easy it was to lose men in the steppe. He didn’t mean casualties – he’d barely had any of those – but rather the literal meaning of “lose”. The broad, flat, open plains could somehow swallow you and, if you wandered too far and didn’t keep a keen eye on your compass, you’d be as lost as any sailor at sea. Stolik had sent Dantrich off on patrol with three men to try and round up any of the villagers who had tried to slip off. They hadn’t come back.
The drama here surrounds the imminent arrival of my Elnapress, though Michael is doing his best to stir up a frenzy over our kitchen freezer. Whatever floats your boat, right?
I think I do
Of course, I had NOT just spent the past several hours breaking out of prison, so I was in fine form to run back to the house and do the only natural thing: Post the news to all my networks. Then I realized suddenly my woeful lack of photographs–will anyone even READ my updates if there are no pics?? Ran back outside. Rummaged around under Moxie and decided to help her out a bit by removing the old egg debris:
o Gallery @506 (506 S. Main) Paintings by Jerry (Bongo) Long Photography by Bill Van Volkinburg Jewelry by Annabelle Fuhr Pottery by Sue Colgin
Overall Opinion
He told me that he worked the doors at a casino on Auinger St. His mate was across the road talking to a big Russian guy and it looked like the situation would boil over, so he went across and dragged his mate back across the road again.The Russian guy who was out of his mind was insulting both of them so he dragged his mate back to the casino. The Russian followed them taunting and whistling at them. "So I told him to go back home to Russia where there was plenty of idiots there like himself he could fight with"
I finish my soggy sandwich and take the bill up to Jim at the register, leaving a hefty tip in the hopes of cheering her up. ”Night, Jim,” I say as I put on my coat, getting reading to leave. ”Good night, Kim.” I wave at her and turn for the door.
Unable to convince by force of argument and unwilling to consider alternatives to the fanatically asserted insistence that this was a racially-motivated murder, and clearly frustrated by DS Davidson’s sticking to his guns, Macpherson accuses those who do not accept his assumptions as being guilty of “unwitting collective racism”. Indeed, at times, Macpherson is like a believer whose faith, threatened by the very existence of non-believers, begins to doubt his belief in God and so resorts to endless repetitions of “God exists!” in an attempt to bolster his weakening faith. Macpherson’s response to DS Davidson’s reasonable interpretation typifies the hysteria that has accompanied the inquiry. According to Macpherson, DS Davidson’s refusal to accept that this crime was racist ‘may well have affected his approach to the case.’ (para, 19.44). To which one must add that Macpherson’s handling of the inquiry, especially his treatment of the police, has been markedly skewed by his uncritical acceptance that this was a racially-motivated murder.
This was the curious little seaside town of Shoeburyness.
Couldn’t help myself. I’m not a very political person but have been reading a lot about this in the newspapers and couldn’t ignore it no matter how hard I tried, so here goes.
I think I’m making it sound more boring than it is, but I want to really fix this in my memory, and in the blog’s memory. This is the first Pulitzer novel that’s not only been sympathetic to a minority, but has actually succeeded in treating minority characters with the dignity and respect of being real human beings. In order to do that, La Farge has to jettison a lot of other things. But the result is this quiet little novel that begins in childish joy and ends with very mature grief, a novel that, 80 years later, is still moving (to me, at least) because it makes its characters too real for me to avoid feeling their emotions alongside them. He finds a way of writing that simultaneously makes the foreignness of their phrases clear (they speak a different language than I do) and yet does not destroy their intelligence by dumbing down the dialogue. I don’t know if high schoolers today would sit still for Laughing Boy. But if they did, I think more of them would connect with the story than wouldn’t, and in the end it would spark the right kind of conversations about America. That is can still do that now makes it a worthy Pulitzer winner, in my book, even if it isn’t Wharton (and it’s not).
I have a website - www.alisongibbs.com where I sell my Vintage Line of Jewellery along with other jewellery and artistic creations, preloved and vintage treasures.
“The response to our cans has been tremendous! We announced that we would be doing so about six months before it actually happened, and so we spent a lot of time engaged in conversations about the virtues of cans with the people who love our beer. That, coupled with a lot of positive press for cans nationwide, has really paved the way. Plus, cans are the first time Sun King has been available in a small package. Our fans are really excited about our new, highly portable container.”
Well, it has more taste than smell, and is low in the plastic taste, but high in adjunct grains as well. Feels dead. Tastes flat. I hope it's just out of date. If this is how they make their beers on purpose, they'll be out of business soon.
Elijah: "Mommy, who died him?"
Loved of this young man more than any other guest,
#1: Apparently, driving in a hailstorm means you get pulled over by the cops.
But October the 26th is the anniversary of a rare event in England – a bomb attack on an mp’s home in 1965. This is a lesson that de-humanising a politician could have fatal consequences as happened to Pym Fortuyn and Theo Van Gogh. Mr.Griffiths had been Member of Parliament for Smethwick (now Warley) for just a year. He had been leader of the Conservative group on the council and won the election of 15th October 1964 against a national swing to Labour, which was led by Harold Wilson. The defeated MP Patrick Gordon Walker was Foreign Secretary designate and a personal friend of Wilson. Mr.Griffith’s turned Walker’s 3,544 majority into 1,774 for the Conservatives.
In this blog, we will discuss differences between wood and plastic cutting boards. Carolina Wood Designs’ boards are obviously, well, wood! But perhaps this will dispel questions about why you might choose a wood board over a plastic one. .
Many in this country have a decidedly sexist view of a strong woman. When a woman speaks her mind she is labelled a “bitch.” A man doing the same would be called “strong” or “admirable.” When a woman rises to the top in business or politics and raises a ruckus for the rights of other women she is labelled a “feminist.” When a man rises to the top in business or politics he is labelled a “success.”
As for Islam not being spread by the sword, the Mufti and Muslims who think like him have willfully blinded themselves to the sack of Byzantium, the jihad against India and the Islamic invasion of Southern Europe, among many other events of Islam's bloody history. And that's not to mention the body count of the modern Islamist war against the west, which is still ongoing.
2 motion
Things I have checked off my list:
How to make the plum jam :
Anyway, I just wanted to share. I love it. Did I mention that?
You are faithful, God, You are faithful
Cold mornings
Collaborative Group on Epidemiological Studies of Ovarian Cancer (2012) Ovarian Cancer and Body Size: Individual Participant Meta-Analysis Including 25,157 Women with Ovarian Cancer from 47 Epidemiological Studies. PLoS Med 9(4): e1001200. doi:10.1371/journal.pmed.1001200
2047.E-XII/8/1992. For the pardon of Casper Weinberger. Chicago Daily Law Bulletin, p. 2.
Cut back to the lake and just before she dies Dana is saved by Marty. He leads her back to the zombie grave and they climb into an underground area. Dana can see a brightly lit room beneath them and Steve explains it’s an elevator of some kind. In they go to see who’s behind everything. Instead of the elevator moving straight down, it’s actually a prison cube and soon the two survivors are seeing all manner of monsters trapped in these cages. They realize that these monsters correspond with the artifacts in the cellar. After the monster zoo, they’re dumped into the main facility, where they have to fight security guards who are trying to kill them. They hide in a security room and Dana releases all the monsters. Appearing with the now ominous ding of an elevator arriving at your floor, monsters come pouring out of their cages in waves.
Me: (Guffawing) "Where is THAT?"
Tramps
First, when I go to the place (eg: Haiti). I will try to first ask what can be done to help people. If there is a job, I like;. I will ask for the particular job. Suppose I get a job to help people clean land and help new houses. I will see where people need help, I will ask them how I can help them, where I can help them etc., I will try to gather materials to help them to build a house. I will also bring buckets to make water out. I will also try to help and build new school plant trees, make shops & things like that.
Layer upon layer of moment’s arrested in objects echo through my mind.
1 lb. Briess Crystal 40L
So, my count started over. I’m currently at day 7. If I do the calculations, her birthday will fall on day 16. What does this mean?! It will screw up my month goal if I wish her happy birthday. Am I even supposed to?
Great meaning is now
I sought support from my loved ones,
In doing her research, Kolker speaks of asking immigrants this question: “What habit do you think people from your country should hang on to when they move here?”. One little girl’s response to this question, “Little shops you can walk to”, resonates with me deeply. Having lived in communities that have semi-public spaces, porches, parks, sidewalks, and shops one can walk to, my affection for these neighborhoods stems less from a laziness to drive, than from a sort of near desperate longing for the kind of living that is associated with a walker-friendly community. Kolker associates such neighborhoods with protection from asthma, but she doesn’t have to convince me.
The hot beats should help with that one.
Half cup chicken broth
Well, I spent some time in a well-known London children’s hospital, getting a sense of what it felt like and how things worked. I can’t tell you how much I came to admire the staff there, and I can honestly say that they are heroes to me. I have a close friend who is a paediatrician herself, and I also made contact with a cardiac nurse at Alder Hey hospital; both of them shared their expertise with great generosity. Satish is a fractured human being, deeply fallible, but for the most part he is an excellent doctor. It was important to me that we get to see him being brilliant at least some of the time.
The heartbreak theme came to me when I was contemplating the ones that got away, and the fact that I both allowed and condoned such a turn of events. Being me is an odd proposition.
This is the blurb from the back of the book:
Using a more decorative paper also makes your butterflies much more interesting without having to cut out extra details. If you use a plain colored paper, you may find yourself wanting to cut out some designs in the wings to add extra visual interest (this is great but can be time consuming). The sky is really the limit on a project like this, so have fun with it!
66. Azure Netherwing Drake – 200 gold + Exalted with the Netherwing
Let's get the necessities out of the way before I ask the question you need to answer to be entered.
A small part of me has always felt guilty for not pursuing a career in a science-based field. While my father has always insisted he wanted my brothers and I to do whatever we felt called to, I think he secretly would have been thrilled had I expressed a desire to become an anaesthesiologist or, better yet, an orthodontist.
Scoop the dough and form into 1" balls. Roll in graham cracker crumbs so cookie is covered.
At 1887′, Big Rock Ridge is the second highest point in Marin County.
"This is the busiest day of the week for the local economy," he said. "If you close, then you lose 100% of income. Those who've stayed open have probably lost 90% because nobody is coming out. They are stuck in their homes.
As a child growing up I would see this scenario every once-in-a-while. Bobby, pulls girls hair, made fun of weaker kids, and picked on those scared to retaliate. Bobby deserves an attitude adjustment (ass whippin’). I called Bobby out to meet me after school so that some adjusting could occur (I was a teacher’s son, and didn’t want to fight on school property). Another incident involved my brother changing the channel of the tv after the majority voted on the show we were all watching. Words were not getting through to him and after he threw a drinking glass at me (made of heavy glass) I decked him.
Do any of y'all know how I can fix this or prevent it from happening and causing my blog to disappear?
My son was scared of the waves at the Pacific Ocean beaches when we visited those when he was 1 and 2 years old. And he's been wary of the water ever since. At my family's cottage, he's always loved riding in the speedboat, but was never big on playing in the water until this summer. He still was nowhere close to swimming.
5) Our Problem is Authoritarianism and Not Legalism Nowhere in the New Testament does it say that a Christian, because of title or position, has moral authority over another Christian.
Here's who the Antichrist isn't. He isn't Barack Obama, or the pope, or the UN with its black helicopters coming to steal your guns and fluoridate your water, so your kids'll grow up to get gay married and practice New Age pagan rituals with Oprah, or any other crazy crap you're thinking up with your little militia group meeting in basements and trading gas masks you bought off eBay. No one's going to put a microchip in your ass that makes you worship the devil, okay? I had a whole bunch of absolutely batshit hallucinations living in that cave, but black helicopters and butt microchips weren't in any of them.
Since he has not seen fit to give me all the details, I am afraid I’m going to have to get past the euphoria and dig out some details. I am prepared to be mortified. Behind the quietest exteriors hides the most depraved interiors. I should know, right?
One of the things I loved upon first seeing the Birth Centre back in 2009 was that the walls were covered with thank you notes and photos of pregnant mamas, proud parents and adorable babies. I've just managed to get around to adding my own to the collection.
OMG- I think I need a fill. I went back on my blog and looked up the last one I had - April 8th, 2010! So almost a year later, seemingly overnight I feel loose and starving. I'm not even going to tell you all the stuff I ate yesterday - lots. The scary part is that I have my period - normally I'm super tight during this so I'm scared what's going to happen next week. I'll be eating peanut butter on white bread sandwiches, Subway subs, Chick fil-a biscuits... Make it stop.
@allanbrauer: Glenn mortars the last brick into the wall as Mrs. Beck watches, crying, then SHE gets up and leaves basement.
In his inaugural address, he explained that “the stale political arguments that have consumed us for so long no longer apply. The question we ask today is not whether our government is too big or too small, but whether it works.”
In Britain the non-white population is growing at a rate never seen before, and in the same way that the Kikuyu were stirred up to become the Mau Mau, and the ANC driven to fire necklacing fury, our schools, our politicians and our media are at work encouraging, within the new arrivals and their British born offspring, a sense of grievance and a resentment for an imaginary past and non-existent crimes which we are supposed to have committed against them. At the same time, while our children are taught guilt, theirs are taught entitlement, a dream of Uhuru before which we are the only obstacle.
while the flavor it imparts to barbecue
And murmur my meek apology,
I look back on older hockey cards and I see faces and names that have been long forgotten. Professional hockey is a business, only a handful of players ever really get to stick with the NHL and make a good living. There are countless others toiling about in the minors, or playing overseas.
To be fair - to myself, and to everyone else out there trying to conceive - we have only been trying for 7 weeks, or two cycles ( the first of which, having come off the pill, i dont think i ovulated anyway ). So its not like we've been trying forever, or are even anywhere near thinking about fertility tests in the like.... its just that i so badly want a baby like RIGHT THIS VERY MINUTE and had my fingers crossed that it would all happen in an instant . ( You know, like it did last time, when i missed two days worth of the Pill and miraculously fell pregnant.) But it hasnt and i know, in my head, that it very rarely does happen like that.
Long story short: it was. And it’s worth sharing, but due to the way the days were structured, I think it probably makes more sense to describe it categorically rather than linearly. Also I only took like 4 photos, because I felt sort of weird pulling out my big camera during times of silent meditation and whatnot.
SCHLESSINGER: I don't get it. If anybody without enough melanin says it, it's a horrible thing; but when black people say it, it's affectionate. It's very confusing. Don't hang up, I want to talk to you some more. Don't go away.
Mini Projector reviews are the way to go for deciding which mini projector is for you, and there are a number of outlets available for you to find the best mini projector reviews around! Customer reviews are always the best way to gauge the usefulness of any particular gadgets that you may wish to purchase for your home, as they offer honest and unbiased opinions of just how good these great appliances actually are.
It is a high standard that we look to, then, in recognizing Bernard Weisberg as very much the thoughtful patriot, a citizen who is both willing to serve, and able to serve with distinction, in whatever post he is assigned. Indeed, such men, serving conscientiously wherever they chance to find themselves, assure us of the soundness of the dedication of this country to equality—since we can observe through them that the same talents may be needed, and are cheerfully made available, to do whatever has to be done in all proper efforts on behalf of the community, whether public or private, whether high or low. It is this willingness—the modest willingness of the best to serve wherever they are needed—which helps make things work here as well as they do.
My favorite object and why
Because we have dreamed too little,
This quote from Rachel of http://peacelovefabulous.wordpress.com/ is a metaphor for the fabulousness of our human mind. Each of us has such interesting ideas and dreams – when one of these ideas is shared, it is like a flower in bloom for the rest of us to enjoy!
It's a little scary how I can recall from my memory a particular recipe that I've bookmarked, and have moved very high on my "must try" list. Then again, I almost always find a recipe from any Cook's Illustrated publication.
Would you
WHAA has something called the Crisis Test. Every time a figure is lost, two of the nearest figures must test to see if they stay in play or lose heart and flee. This can be quite devastating to low Rep troops like goblins for example . Kill a few and many more will scarper. With average troops the effects can be quite variable depending on the luck of the dice.
As you inhale continue to visualize energy entering into you
* Then, just double click on the icon and you will be able to view the contents of the downloaded file and your selected aircraft.
Sunday I finally thought to pose for an outfit picture. Largely due to my love of the Lykke Li tee I had bought the night before after her set, which was AMAZING. AMAZING. Totally my favorite of the fest. And the shirt is gorgeous.
First One Publishing's Writing Contest: This contest was intended to promote a brand-new publishing venture, and it accomplished its goal--in the wrong way--by requiring entrants to surrender all rights to their material.
Next up in splice ville, a plain navy, floral, madras combo
“Bomberg drew a grid over his canvas then fragmented the picture into geometric shapes whilst retaining the dynamic of the original scene. The intention of employing the technique in this piece is to create an ambiguity of form, allowing motion to reveal the subject.”
Now, normally, I am pretty glad when they have to cancel, or about going as far between them coming to our house as possible. But I had just finished making 3 gallons of fucking chili for them, not to mention enough cake to choke a fucking donkey, and twelve 2 liters of soda, which I don't drink. What was I going to do with it all??? We gave it our best effort, but only managed to eat half the cake. Ironically, we ended up taking it over to Melissa's house, when we were in the neighborhood anyway, taking the dog to my mom's house so she could dogsit for us.
During the mating period, they knock on the tunnels they’ve dug in the wood, producing a noise that can easily be heard by human beings. Deathwatch beetles have had these fascinating characteristics for millions of years.
Exposure : -0.7 EV
This is also called as Varaha parvata. This is the birth place of Tunga river, Bhadra river and Nethravathi river. Nethravathi river goes to west and merges in Arabian sea. Tunga river and Bhadra river goes in two seperate directions and joins at Koodli to form Tungabhadra river.
I love homemade cards with lace and glitter, I think telling someone what they mean to you shouldn't be reserved for one day. I love when my husband will just start dancing with me in the kitchen when there is no music on.
To walk his daughter down the aisle, and give her away..........
The freeing message of the gospel from legalism is that in Christ we are free from the law and its desire to enslave us to the double edged sword of legalism. We need to bask in the reality that Christ has freed us from the demands of the law for he has met them because we cannot. Our self-imposed legalism cannot help us fulfill the law. We were never intended to and God does not expect us to. Our attempts are displeasing to him and they diminish the law fulfilling work of Christ that has already been accomplished on the cross.
The river grimaced and was ice.
We are also joined this week by 2 lovely designers from the Paper Smooches DT so there is LOTS of inspiration for you this week :-)
Until he came to the very tip of her grasp
This year the random rains have come a bit early, my source of great joy. I get real excited when I hear that boom of thunder, to know the relief from the unbearable humidity is soon coming.
Resolutions only show what you intend.
Hi everyone. Can you believe we are in May already!!! Nearly half way through the year. Where has the time gone! Well with the NEW month comes a NEW lot of challenges. This is my DT layout for this months Kraft It Up challenge. This months criteria is to ask either your kids or hubby what Easter means to them. Now, I thought long & hard about this question, not wanting to get "heavy" in a public forum, then I came across these pics of a friend on mines little one, & my question was answered.
Well, no one can doubt the power of brown brogues shoes, especially when paired with your navy suit. This is what a man needs in his closet, I mean, you.
What your managers should be doing:
Some folks climbing higher to get a better view of the show!
Here are some samples of pages I made yesterday and it was my first time using the program!!!
Is this our future? Britain’s security services will not be able to hold back Islamic terrorist attacks forever, and when the next one gets through I fully expect to see indigenous British hotheads take revenge by murdering a Muslim somewhere in Britain or by torching a Mosque. And so will start the long slide into civil war, tit for tat atrocities becoming progressively more vicious, before the entire country goes the way of Lebanon, or more recently Yugoslavia, which of course fractured along racial, tribal and religious lines.
ed. note... since writing this I've decided that perhaps I've written enough for a few days - check back on Thursday for the review :)
Heading for coffee one might be tempted to seek out the actual first shop of Coffee Prince, as seen in the drama with the same name. I would strongly advice against it, having had an experience not to far from the one described here. Instead, look down the street to the other side of the road for Coffee Lab. Doesn't have the same connection to either drama or lovely indie music, but coffee is much better and your experience guaranteed to be better.
And even though she tried,
Concurrent with Saturnalia, NABC will have ten house-brewed beers on tap (see below for list).
but being the not-so-artistic me, i am quite slow on the process.
Wishes going badly are certainly valid plot hooks - Vengeance Demons grant wishes in Buffy and if they're not bad already they sure go that way - but so are wishes going well, albeit in a lighter-hearted kind of story.
Reborn: 458
So what is your number one baby item? Or if you don't have kids, what do you think would be the best baby item out there?
22. How many one-night stands?
Now that would be a problem worth using in a story, wouldn't you say?
The forum started promptly at 7pm and the the speakers gave brief introductions then discussed their approach to Belgian beers and how they select them for brewing, retail and wholesale distribution. They explained how many of the monasteries care less about profits and more about how it much it is enjoyed by the general public, something I found to be very interesting. They also talked about how brave you have to be to open a brewery in Belgium. With over 1,000 different beers available already and in a country the size of Maryland, you have to be a bit nuts. There was a brief history lesson after that and then we got to drinking.
The second reason Waters made the demand for full disclosure is more troubling. There is no smoking gun proof that she did anything wrong. This writer received a copy of the eighty page report. The report contains a summary of the allegation, a jurisdictional statement, procedural history, and a summary of investigative activity. There are eighteen exhibits of memos, affidavits, testimony and interviews with Waters and the other principals involved.
There are other richly constructed characters populating the pages, a Russian mafia back-story and some other twists and turns. Oh, and of course there is a cute dog!
It follows on directly from my work as a children’s book illustrator. I was already immersed in the children’s publishing industry and knew that I wanted to write picture book stories. But things just evolved in such a way that I began writing longer, complex stories for slightly older children than I had been illustrating for.
I’m sorry… but it is. Three hours and fourteen minutes. We’re not talking about The English Patient, a love story that spans years. We’re talking about a movie that lasts longer than the actual sinking of the ship. If the writing was good, or if the characters were super charismatic, I’d give it more leeway, but it isn’t. Don’t get me wrong… I don’t shy away from an epic. I love all three Lord of the Rings movies, and they’re all longer. Again, though… the justification for that is that the story spans months of time. It takes place in a hundred locations. The books are hundreds and hundreds of pages. What it always struck me is that Cameron was TRYING to make something big and long and epic. It was a show-off thing. It was also a lazy thing, because maybe a couple fewer loving shots of the boat (that look like matte paintings anyway) and maybe one or two fewer annoying scenes between Rose and Billy Zane… You may have yourself the start of a picture. Oh… and the framework scenes with Bill Paxton, at his absolute worst, talking to the old lying lady… terrible. I don’t care.
The greyhound didn't turn to look at Moon; it just stood there on the sand puffing on its cigarette and then looked up at the sky. It then blew out a perfect circle of smoke, took in a deep breath and then tossed the spent cigarette butt into the sand.
4. Bad Brains - Hair (4:04)
Striker in the back with Daniel Bryan. He shit’s on Matt being a crappy teacher. He goes down a list of why he’s better than Sheamus, like his beard. Funny shit here. Bryan shits on the crowd, god dammit! This turns the crowd into a NO chant instead. AJ seen watching on in the back ground… creepy.
Eye Sew The Seed
Consider Luke 12:19-20. “And I will say to my soul, Soul, thou hast much goods laid up for many years; take thine ease, eat, drink, and be merry. But God said unto him, Thou fool, this night thy soul shall be required of thee; then whose shall those things be, which thou has provided?”
16 - Webb Pierce - I Ain't Never - 1:56
Kristina, the sexy werewolf, notices a hot guy has been watching her at the clubs and realizes he is a vamp. And even though the two races pretty much hate each other she is curios to find out why he has been watching her.
Just Soccer
3 cups self-rising flour
A few of my travel journals, filled with memories...
I had suspected for a while, that our modern way of life (go to school, find a job, work from 9 to 5, go home, watch sports, sleep for however many hours you can each night, and do it all again the next day) goes against human nature. But if you're in the middle of it all, with a husband (or wife) who works long hours, and children who go to school, you don't think about it. Quite frankly, you don't have time to think about it.
October brings Halloween hehehe. I love Halloween and created a neat little tag using some Glimmer Mist and some Fancy Pants. I think every time I say the word Fancy Pants, I grin ear to ear. Love this company.
“I actually left that in the snow to disintegrate and dissolve,” she said.
golden tresses
The Internet has proved to be such a great tool for impromptu, casual forums, in particular for religion and politics. Formerly taboo subjects for polite conversation, these twins have latched on to the fact that the Innertubes are often less than polite if not just plain insufferable - the speed of technology makes it harder and harder to hold on to good ideas and remain intellectually honest with out going all troll. In the midst of trying to be a better person, which at times seems like a nowhere-to-go-but-up proposition, like a raven I still look for the shiny objects to plunder and horde. Thankfully the times for needing to deliver the smackdown, meet my match, or duel to a draw are waning, and I'm relieved to see calm, measured, respectful and knowledgeable discussion increasing.
I really wanted to make a happy song, because the two we wrote before this one were kind of surly and grumpy. I decided that the song was to be called Happy Monday, inspired by the band Happy Mondays. It was the last song we wrote for the album, and it was actually written while we were mixing the other songs. The pace of the song is considerably slower than the rest on the album, and we’ve already talked about going in that direction regarding the next record.
When I started blogging, I didn’t really know what I was doing. I still don’t. But, along the way, I met other bloggers who I now consider friends. Sure, we don’t know each other, not really, but I know that I really enjoy reading their blogs. I’m quite a procrastinator, so chances are that I probably will never get around to following the rules of the award like I am supposed to, but know that I cherish the thought that these women, who both could outwrite me in a blogging duel HANDS DOWN, thought of me to nominate for this award. I am soo glad that I have met you guys. Thank you.
As is often the case, ‘an event’ turned into ‘a whole week of all sorts of stuff going on all over the place’ after ‘just one more beer’.
The journey is the best part of any story. This has been my philosophy forever. My best friend wants to kill me sometimes when I cheat and find out how a story ends, but the ending doesn’t matter to me. If someone told you Kelly, for example, got married you’d have some questions right? Like, who’s Kelly? Who did she marry? Why should I care? Now imagine this: someone tells you Kelly is a smart, sensitive, beautiful, overworked and underpaid employee of some big company and, after years of yearning for a boy she thought she lost years ago, she meets said boy and they rekindled their relationship and are now engaged. You’d be more likely to feel happy for Kelly after you knew her story than if you just found out she was married and knew nothing about her. The journey lets you know someone’s character. The journey is the biggest adventure life has to offer. There’s no point in rushing to the end when you know what’s going to happen.
Visiting The Hague, or living there as an expat? There are many (nearly) free so-called “lunch concerten” you can attend. The Stichting Kunstcentrum Kloosterkerk organises 30-minute concerts they call “pauzeconcert” starting at 12:45, twice monthly. The music performed tends to be chamber music, for which the small church is well suited. On leaving the church after each concert, the public is kindly asked to donate about 4 euros to ensure the concerts, which run from September to September each year, continue to be organised.
Chocolate Trees:
I was fortunate to win a lovely prize in a recent Creative Craft Challenge. The prize was a goody bag from Just Tracys Crafts. I don't think I've ever had a prize arrive so quickly, so thank you Tracy! A lovely goody bag it was too, introducing me to a couple of ranges that are new to me. My prize consisted of a Wild Rose Studio paper pack (Wintry Christmas), a Wild Rose Studio clear stamp and a pack of Kanban self adhesive snowflake stickers. The snowflakes are white in real life by the way - I have no idea why they have a pinky tone in the photo, especially as the other colours are true! I've used some of everything I received on this card. I chose three of the lovely co-ordinating papers to create the woven corner and added stickles to the dots. The lovely stamped image was coloured with promarkers and I used the same star dust stickles on her hat and frosted lace stickles created the snow. I then cut the image out with a nesties die. The sentiment is from a See D's set and was stamped with Brilliance pearlescent lavender ink. I thoroughly enjoyed making this and learned something along the way - colouring the image while trying to watch Australia v The All Blacks in a rugby world cup semi-final leads to the necessity to stamp another image and start again!!!! lol!
Former tennis champion
Just like the grains of sand.
While it’s true that the bit that Pollan quotes focuses on the individual pigs, Pollan would like us to believe that the individual pigs are the sole concern of the Humane Society, but that seems doubtful if the Humane Society offered to help with a contraception plan. If the animal protectionists were concerned with the individual suffering, perhaps it was because they believed that the project’s ecological goals could be accomplished with less suffering.
Spells: Builder’s blessing(W), Commander’s authority(W), Banners raised(R), Pillar of faith(R), Thunderbolt(R) , Thatcher revolt(R), Bladed bracers(A)
I wait
Anyway, I am allowed to plug it… So, if you wanna know how engine’s work, complete with animations, head over to Matt Keveny’s site- Animated Engines. Thank me later!
Sometimes, in the same way, God lets a stinging blow fall on your life. You bleed, feeling the pain, and your soul cries out in agony. At first you think the blow was an appalling mistake. But it is not, for you are the most precious jewel in the world to God. And He is the most skilled stonecutter in the universe.
Saturday’s concert was not only a landmark performance by the ensemble but also the strongest performance of any kind this season. – Oregon Live
Magic in Fiction… Then a lecturer told a student that his writing was “gore and not art.” A few days later, someone who calls herself an educated reader said to a writer friend of mine that no one would take my friend’s stories seriously because the witch in his tale was too good and “everybody knows real witches
Of course, it didn’t take long to discover that he has some competition in the mushroom farming business. Someone named Hamlin Atkins is trying to muscle into Frank’s turf. How dare he peddle his obviously inferior fungus to the residents of Brill!
To have my pains unnoticed and the cries unheard.
Me: “Lots of crime?”
wrapped itself around my ankles,
Right after she was born, she was doing great. Her vitals were strong, her temperature was good and she was eating well. But throughout the day on Tuesday she was having a hard time maintaining a normal temperature, which is quite common for smaller babies. They put her under the lamps a few times and we tried doing skin to skin for most of the day, but her temp was dropping into unsafe regions, so the docs deemed it best that she be put into an incubator in the NICU until she was able to maintain it on her own. When they came in to get her and take her down there, let me tell you, I was not a pretty site. I was extremely emotional as they rolled her away into the cold, dark unknown. OK, that may be a bit dramatic (especially because they were actually rolling her away to be put into the warm, cozy incubator), but when the nurses came to get her, that's exactly how it felt to this hormonal, postpartum mama . I was still under pretty tedious observation for my blood pressure because it was still very high, so I had to wait for them to take my vitals and give me the green light to be able to get up and go be with her. It felt very strange to be in one area of the hospital knowing that your baby was in another area, but once I was able to go and see her and be with her, then I think we adjusted to the change as best as we could.
I used to teach English, and I read all the time, so I have a big vocabulary. I don't dumb down what I say to my preschool-aged son, and neither does his father. The kid watches a lot of PBS, especially Martha Speaks, which is a show about a talking dog who wants to know the definition of everything.
From time to time, the reality of our fast-approaching departure hits, and it leads to marathon cleaning or research sessions, but overall Tara and I have avoided these frantic panicked moments. Hopefully, by setting smart deadlines and sticking to them, we’ll keep it that way.
I like to have a sense of movement and fluidity.
Dr. Ian Clark a leading paleo-climatologist from the University of Ottawa says, “If we look at climate in the geological time frame we would never suspect CO2 as a major climate driver. You can’t say that CO2 will drive climate. It certainly never did in the past.”
The space that was turning to ice, despite the heat in the room......
"Angels are speaking to all of us... some of us are only listening better."
We don’t really have rules but I guess we’ve all agreed to “not cross into each other’s territory”. For example, we wouldn’t suddenly barge into each other’s rooms.
Another great and mushy day.
Her name is Poppy and she's super cute. I mostly only get time to hang out with her on Sundays, but we have a good time together. We like to go for a ride and hangout; sometimes at the hardware, sometimes at the fabric shop.
Phil Lynott waves his hand in front of my drunk face -
But just what IS the American Vaudeville Theatre, you may well ask? When I started the enterprise I was very good with the branding, but in the years since I started my book No Applause, I got lazy about branding everything “AVT” and No Applause became the essential brand even in performance. I look at it this way: essentially, the American Vaudeville Theatre is like the Plastic Ono Band– it’s a name for whoever’s in the room with me at the time.
Many faces attending, friends and relatives we haven’t seen for years yet remember Debbie from a baby or as a happy little girl before the illness took hold in 1980.
Some women are 'natural' mothers. They are fulfilled by time with their children and all aspects of their role. They can do copious amounts of floor-time, and usually experience empty-nest syndrome. They don't concern themselves much with their own needs. They tend to form friendships almost exclusively with other mothers and enjoy talking about their children.
“What you in for this time?”
-Lee
wait. Surely I've done more than that? I'm adament there were all sorts of exciting things that have taken place recently...
At first, the grandmother apologized for the 'intrusion'. I quickly informed her that it was more than OK because I had lost my little girl 'like her' at 38 weeks. The grandmother understood.... the tears in my eyes.
Ok Folks, we have our winners. PLEASE READ HOW THE WINNER WAS FAIRLY DRAWN.
But wait! There's not room for this luscious silk ribbon I've pulled from my stash! May it never be! Solution: I'm going to have to go with a bigger size card base, and the blue panel needs to go under the die cut, the Spellbinders Lattice Rectangle die that is. . .and if one is good, two are better! There all done. . click! Or is it? It looked finished on my craft room table but under the cold eye of the camera lens, it looks a bit barren.
How is our culture transmitted now? David Beckham: "I definitely want Brooklyn to be Christened but I don't know into which religion yet".
Let's start with "engagement." Engagement -- like "branding" and "conversation" -- is one of those dreadful cliches that means whatever some hustler decides it means. Social media jargonistas throw it around like awards at an advertising conference. They start from the position that social media participation is de facto evidence of brand engagement.
I made the mistake of starting with the 8:00 pace group since it was impossible to push against the crowd at that point, but I kept my own pace and just let them pass me. The beginning of the race was ridiculously hilly. The entire course had its ups and downs (har har), but I remember the beginning was the absolute worst.
105×1
Then last week, he wandered into the school room and found a crayon. He bent down to do his scribble on the floor thing that he does and I caught him before he got there. Then I thought, why not give him some paper and see what he does. He sat on the floor and made lines on the paper for over 20 minutes. That might not sound crazy to you, but he's a 17 month old boy. He doesn't do anything for 20 minutes solid. This morning, he was wandering around the house--read looking for something to dump out or destroy ;)--and I thought, "let's give it a try again." So, I got him a piece of paper and some crayons and he went to town. He was SO happy. He sat contentedly for 25 minutes and only stopped because it was naptime. Here's a sampling of the artist at work:
The zoo sports all the usual smaller suspects: kangaroos, reptiles, birds, primates, rodents, meercats etc but it is the indoor heated environment (from which the Zoo derives its name) that is truly unique. It is a self-contained tropical environment housing extremely exotic fauna and flora, the most dazzling of which is the dozens of species of butterfly, which are free to fly, eat and procreate as they would in their natural environment.
We remain friends and swap emails now and then. Today, he sent me this video which started a bit of a conversation:
We know from Church History that St. James was the Bishop of Jerusalem and as Acts 21:15-25 describes, he was concerned for Jewish Christians in Jerusalem who felt their ancient customs threatened by the great number of Gentile converts. This background explains why St. James made the later remarks at the council and asked Gentiles to respect certain Jewish practices.
I've been invited to see the emergency services in training and had a chance to find out about police dogs and horses and armed response units.
Isn’t that nice. I know this hasn’t been about older books but you know – sometimes you just have to swank a bit, as we used to say derisively when I was at school. “Stop swanking!” – well, as the Bible might have said: There is a time to swank and a time to refrain from swanking – this is definitely one of the former.
I may without fail
And easy life....NO.
There is also another aspect to this behavior, one you may notice if you sent your child to daycare for example. “Your child works hard to hold it together all day in an environment where he’s not totally comfortable,” … “Then he gets home and lets it all out.” (babycenter.com)
Browse through all the relevant infographics we’ve come across that deal with mobile marketing, digital marketing, mobile technology and social media.
A feature in the conduct of Messrs. Allsopp & Sons' business is the consideration shown to the employees, who, without counting clerks and the office staff, number 1,600. For their benefit the firm maintains a cricket ground, bowling green, a sick and funeral club, and a library managed by a scripture reader, who also visits the men and their families. Here and there about the breweries and maltings may be seen tottering old men, who seem out of place among so much life and bustle. These are the pensioners, who work as much or as little as they like. We believe that Messrs. AIlsopp and Sons rank third among the brewing firms of the United Kingdom, and the extent of their business may be inferred from the simple fact that they have an annual expenditure of £1,400 to £1,500 in postage stamps alone. In the busy periods of the year upwards of 20,000 casks pass weekly through their racking rooms. It would be presumption to attempt to criticise the malt liquor produced by this firm or, indeed, that of any of our leading brewers."
She kept blinking him back and forth from spaceship to home
Now that I'm getting older, I'm becoming less vain and more concerned about my feet. And I do want to walk longer distances with the dog without getting sore feet and a backache. That much became clear to me when I had to take him to the trim salon. I can walk that distance but I do need good footwear.
i'm loving this idea because a cover is necessary but this one does double duty and serves as a functioning space when it's both open and closed.
I am sure people prepare this dish in many different ways. If you have a helpful tip please share in the comments. I found this way to work for me. It was great to have Jehan’s recipe to start me making this delicious dish. It will be in regular rotation in my household.
Def Leppard
Redemption wrought by Jesus.
I believe I have a writing successor, or at least a sidekick. My daughter has always had an affinity for not only drawing, but elaborate storytelling as well. Like most nine year olds she has a ridiculously active imagination and vision for what she wants to tell. However, she's not always entirely sure how best to convey it, and so she asks me how best to begin or end it. Being a staunch creative independent shy away from answering. I prefer to have her say what she wants, and then later refine it with grammatical polishing and such. She's quite an artist as well, drawing much inspiration from the same catalysts as me. Often, she'll be sparked by a drawing and be compelled to write something, or vice versa. She possesses such a creative knack, virtually world building much in the same way that I do. She even shares similar tastes in reading: scary stories, science-fiction, comedy, and mystery. I am proudly impressed with her.
^ 2008 sketch from a sketchbook I never finished.
And wait, isn’t that Barbie looking at you funny?
Being fly translates into any language. It doesn't matter if you rock an edgy salwar kameez in Mumbai or a hot samba skirt in Sao Paulo, fly is fly. And right now I'm fly in Korean because my current fave t-shirt showcases a cool chick with a Korean phrase, above. Besides the vivid cornflower blue hue and the beautifully hand drawn illustration, what really sold me on this tee was the meaning of that phrase. It says, "everyone's entitled to my opinion"! I had to have it. But Chicago designer Anna Hovet creates a tempting slew of culturally clever, signature tees that had me dizzy with the possibilities. I seriously considered snatching up all of these $30 t-shirts.
a vision of them leaping vineyard rows,
Over the next week I will be rolling out my personal line of cookies. I couldn't be more excited and absolutely thrilled to be able to share them with you. There are some real gems coming out of this kitchen.
heading home tomorrow as i am running in race on Sunday for Mother's day---hoping for a new PR!
A suspect was arrested by Cala police yesterday morning.
I've noticed Brick's articles before; I never agree with them, but I don't agree with most things printed in that rag. I disagree with her ideas about men, women, the workplace, France, French men and the French in general. And this one was no different. I read the article wih mild irritation. Figured there'd be a few nasty comments. I can see her point, although she exaggerated it beyond belief - some women are jealous of more attractive women. It was ever thus. Some. Not all.
The Braves’ running mates in the division are where we run into the slightly irrational excitement that I described way back at the beginning of this essay. Sure the Nationals are exciting and young. A full season of Strasburg could prove to be something special, and after years of futility, this franchise is finally starting to emerge from the post-Expos hangover. But that youth movement also carries with it a load of questions. Can Gio Gonzalez sake the control problems that dogged him in Oakland? How will Michael Morse’s season-opening DL stint affect his continued growth? If mega-prospect Bryce Harper spends significant time with the big club, will he blossom or just annoy people with a mouth that seems to match his prodigious talents? And will veteran Jayson Worth regain any of his former stroke, or will his signing go down as one of the last bum moves for this star-crossed franchise (assuming that the seemingly prescient locking up of Ryan Zimmerman pays off as expected)? Yep, a load of questions translates into continued improvement, but this club is still a year away from making a run at
Left-hander Mauricio Robles has changed roles and will now pitch out of the bullpen.
Round 3: Ch 3. *2 dc in next dc, dc in next dc. Repeat from * around. Join with sl st to top ch of ch 3.
Baseball tournament for Simon just means 3 more games. They don’t have a bracket to work through. So his games are Sat 8 am, Sun 12:30 pm and 2:00 pm. His team has done fairly well. He is one of the better players on his team. Thankfully, a couple other good players will still be in his league with him again next year. I just have to request them to be on his team with him. We will also be able to request the same coach again next year. Great job Sand Gnats!
Of the books you have written, which is your favorite?
Over years of reading and writing, I discovered that writing good dialogue means using regular language, natural stuff for the characters, but you have to cut the junk out. As people we say a lot of junk. The junk is boring.
This use may have been the source of yarrow’s generic name, taken from the legend of Achilles. The Greek hero is said to have used yarrow in the Trojan War to staunch the blood flowing from the wounds of fallen comrades. Yarrow was used in battle-field first aid as recently as World War I (1914–1918).
This is a ubiquitous Thomas Kinkade painting. Loved by his fans and loathed by critics. He died last April 6th in his sleep.
Today let’s do what we can for Him,
Offering multiple methods of news delivery is definitely a plus, but there is room for Patch to take its use of these channels to the next level.
The second technique described by Foucault is normalizing judgment (p. 177). Expectations of behaviour were broken down into the minutest details such as being late, talking when not appropriate, incorrect posture, lack of cleanliness, and many others. When students, workers or soldiers didn’t conform to the norm, they were punished but not through corporal punishment, rather through psychological manipulations such as humiliation, ignoring, demoting, or withdrawal of privileges (p. 178). Interestingly, the hierarchical system of rank served to both punish and reward. By demonstrating the skills of the established norm, one could be promoted to a higher rank; however, punishment could be descending rank when behaviours are not those expected and demanded (p. 181).
I'll tell you what I told Patti Page in person. What makes Patti Page the greatest, is what makes Muhammad Ali the greatest: versatility. Patti Page has not only recorded pop songs with panache and lilt, she's recorded jazz, country, Christmas, gospel and rock. As Michael Caine might put it, or Peter Sellers imitating him, "Not too many people know that." Obviously, so it has to be mentioned here!
“Try to understand,” his old friend pleaded, but Bert continued to stammer quiet protests. “I’m sorry, Bert, but now that that’s been said, I can’t really stay, can I?”
Fun match as always. Next month, the season really begins to heat up, so expect to see more posts like this.
I also drew this Mother-daughter scene with pen and ink. I am not finished yet, but what do you think so far?
Wick, who runs the area’s only domestic violence shelter, hopes word has spread since last year and that those in danger are working on getting a safety plan in place.
“I’m sure you’ll do just fine. Soon as word gets out, you’ll draw the locals like bees to honey.”
Erin Daddea: Everything is great. There is really nothing bad about Mother’s Day Gifts .
All I'm going to say?
For the wrappers I used Wilton’s gold foil candy cups which are smaller than mini baking cups but still lined with paper. The candy cups are a true ‘pop-in-your-mouth’ bite whereas a cupcake baked in a mini baking wrapper takes a bite or two.
This site was created as a campaign to bring this serious issue and threat to everyone’s attention. They have done a great job spreading awareness of how serious this issue is. But will people really heed their warning? Does the thrill of the hunt of badges and the prospect of gaining 10% off at a yogurt stand through a mayoral incentive outweigh the possible risks?
I don't know much about the sets these are from, but this first one is from 1939 so the war had just begun, but not for the US yet where the set was printed. They seem to be pretty rare and auctions at real auction houses usually have full sets going for outrageous prices.
The Prisoner rails about being pushed around. But over his head comes the laughter of "Number Two" (the shit-head with the graffiti name tag he uses for his re-ups, his blog, his Torrent posts, etc.) laughing and saying, "You are NOT a free man!" But, heh heh heh...the movie you made, the novel you wrote, the song you sang. That's free!"
You do not possess total disregard for the lives of others and do not want to kill anyone. You are concerned about the ramifications of shooting someone. Your family, your possessions and finances on the line. Your enemy has none of these concerns.
Here’s what the stitch looks like.
From::SC, United States
I and Thou, Lover; Thee, Love, and I,
Have grown past what we used to be
Just like the Vanderbilts on the East coast, the Bremonds are today best remembered for the houses they built. Initially the family lived over the store downtown, but eventually John, Sr. built a house at Sixth and Rio Grande, where Katz’s Deli stands now. The Robinson place was a block away, on the northwest corner of Rio Grande and Seventh.
So today I decided to join Weight Watchers online. I have never done it online, but I think that this will be good for my schedule. My sister is doing it as well so I am looking forward to the support and accountability. This weekend has been pretty quiet. Very restful and somewhat productive. My MIL is coming on thursday so I have been cleaning and getting ready for company ;) I am looking forward to her visit. I love my MIL. she is such a good friend. I really lucked out with her. I am looking forward to a good week!
By L. Brent Bozell III
2 cups sliced fresh peaches
Now, I’ve been following Katherine; a young lady who is almost a legend in the costuming world around here, for quite a while. She is amazing. Her website is addictive, so before you click through, finish up reading this post, because you’ll forget all about it once you start browsing her photo-essays of her various costume projects. Katherine tackled a number of Regency pieces. One of these includes her Regency riding habit. Her project photos are enlightening—and explain a lot about construction.
Cute and Easy Crochet by Nicki Trench
Who is saying this? The LORD, still speaking from 45:22.
There may be other rules, but if you follow these five, you're sure to have a productive, entertaining weekend of crafty goodness. Now pass me the rotary cutter, and make sure to save me some wine.
250 3. “The United States Supreme Court Is Indeed a Court.” Robert A. Licht, ed., Is the Supreme Court the Guardian of the Constitution? (Washington, D.C.: American Enterprise Institute for Policy Research, 1993), pp. 22-33, 167-170. (Source: Item D-V/24/1991, below.)
08 - Some Other Guy
First, you must know that one of W.B.'s four grandmothers (don't ask) lives in southern California and issued a standing invitation to visit her at any time. About two months ago, however, she backed it up with an offer to spring for plane tickets.
I have wonderful parents who would do anything for me. We were blessed to have a home full of love when I was growing up, but I completely took this for granted as being the norm. It was only when I grew older and some friends spoke about their families that I realised that we had it quite good. I am grateful for this most of the time.
I like to use BV00 to create my shadows...as in real life shadows have a purple tinge.
you make him call before
It’s hard to describe this book without revealing much away. Suffice to say the universe has ended. And apparently, not for the first time. When Jonathan was alive he got to spend his final two days in the company of Truth—not he gets to meet some of the others, a group known as The Dunameon, with whom God is seriously ticked off because they keep running his creations into the ground.
Francis Collins - Director, NIH: collinsf@od.nih.gov
- Bookmarks your favorite places simply.
In 2008, I released Fitna, a documentary about the true message of the Koran. Tomorrow, I release my book. I wrote it to inform people and also to encourage freedom loving Muslims to leave Islam. And to see Islam for what it really is.
Stephen Fry: What terribly sad news about Elisabeth Sladen - her Sarah Jane was part of my childhood. Deepest sympathy to her family.
B. “This set top box number is not listed on your account.”
We are experiencing a slight delay getting our Funny Bunnies orders out the door. We really appreciate your patience while we get these orders packed and shipped and all ready for you. It shouldn't be long at all. I'm guessing that they will all have grown wings and will be well on their way by Monday the latest!
15And if it seems evil to you to be the servants of the Lord, make the decision this day whose servants you will be: of the gods whose servants your fathers were across the River, or of the gods of the Amorites in whose land you are living: but I and my house will be the servants of the Lord.
You see it doesn’t snow very often in Dublin. The salt air turns snowflakes to slush before they hit the ground. I’d been watching the weather forecast closely all week wishing for an almighty white dump. A rare and unlikely occurrence, I was told.
52. Allen Clapp & The Orchestra-Mixed Greens (Mystery Lawn)
* Complex new product or service to sell – don’t know it yet
What came next was the golden question all writers would like to get answered: WHAT ARE EDITORS LOOKING FOR?
Dr. Tyson likes education. Just ask him. He’ll tell you just how important curiosity is, and that it’s missing in today’s education system. He’ll tell you that teachers should be igniting a fire within us. Even though I don’t know him, I think that Dr. Tyson would say that finding something you love, something you’re willing to work for, is so important.
The last session of the LGfL conference was an update about the LGfL 2.0 migration. Basically, it’s a big job and it’s taking longer than we expected but will result in a faster, more secure and more resilient broadband connection for schools. Yay! One guy even tried enlivening his presentation by including Disney quotes. Fair dos.
Lemon wedges for garnish
From what we can see, it cannot becontrolled by the driver, so the duct may not be trying to do the same thing as the McLaren. Either the team rely on a a puely aerodynamic way to control the rear wing stalling, such as the duct choking at high speed and cutting off the flow the slot. Or the duct merely adds mass flow to the exisiting blown slot (raced in Bahrain) to allow the wing to be run even steeper and create yet more downforce. We will need mor eimages to be sure what Sauber are trying here.
18. Music: I would love it if I could afford to send each of my kids for Suzuki violin lessons from the time they are four years old, but I can't. Many of us can't. When money is an issue, you really have to think whether those violin lessons outweigh the comfort of remaining debt free, or of having extra for a family trip once a year, or for mom to get help in the house once a week. That doesn't mean that music is not important. It just means that we have to find alternative ways to acquire the knowelge and also that we trust in God to provide when there is a REAL talent that needs to be developed. I don't know for sure, but I doubt David's dad paid for him to have harp lessons as a kid. He probably gleaned knowlege from watching others play, or from hours sitting with his flocks just picking out tunes. I am sure there was someone there to help when the time was right, because the Lord does provide when He has something He wants you to do.
Anyway, enjoy a smoke if that’s what floats your boat, or a quiet ale or a noisy lager or whatever it is that you need to do to live, thrive and survive and remember the words of the twentieth century’s greatest thinkers – Bill & Ted; "Be Excellent to Each other!"
In order to escape the last plague in Egypt, God’s people were to apply the blood of a sacrificial lamb on their doorposts and lintel, so that when the angel saw the blood, he would ‘pass over’ their house (Ex. 12:13). This final plague was God’s decisive stroke against the false gods that held God’s people in bondage, and resulted in their deliverance from slavery and release into freedom.
My card today uses a stamp from the Unity kit "Brave Girl" available at a special price in the shop here.
That sounds great Mike – Let me know if there is anything I can do to help you.
Brian grins up at me and yells, “Ok!” Then he throws me down and away from him as hard as he can. I slam into the floor, my head striking a seat leg, and lie there stunned. Before I can get up the bus pulls up at Brian’s house. He laughs as he steps over me on his way out the door. The bus driver shakes her head, but doesn’t comment.
Rulers & Rebels: A People’s History of Early California, 1769-1901 by Laurence H. Shoup.
Time for short sunday breakfast!
I really need to set our computers up closer together.
3) Publisher
"puler" - computer.
Another enormous installation in Grant Park are the "Agora" sculptures by Polish artist Magdelena Abakanowicz. Agora references outdoor, or urban, meeting places. The 9' tall headless and armless pieces appear to mill about and the viewer is encouraged to walk in and around the installation. They were impressive enough from the bus, but my traveling companion Rob had walked through them earlier in the week and said they were really amazing up close and personal.
This one has a bit more effort, working the ribbon under the dp strips. Again, simple, simple.
3. Then they spotted my wallet. Out with that, too, and through the conveyer belt. I have never before had to take out my wallet when passing through security.
I received a call from a great woman asking just that – wanting some fresh new images of herself taken. Sooo introducing LeighAnne !
any Tilda with a crown or tiara will do,
South America has loads of churches. Some of them are awe-inspiring like the one in Cusco, which has a great painting of the last supper with a roast guinea pig in the centre of the table. Others are bare brick buildings that have probably been pillaged of all their valuable objects over time. Most are relics of the colonial days when the Spanish and Portuguese came and forced their religion on the indigenous people, so there is usually some kind of torrid history.
Every time I go back to my home town I make a "pit stop" at a particular bakery where I can find the most amazing French Macarons (macaroons) and stunning desserts. I have photographed their window on many occasions as they always offer different choices and was just waiting for the opportunity to scrap those pics. When I first saw the Sweet Nothings collection from Kaisercraft I knew that opportunity had arrived! I love this collection!
At another recent bachelorette party that took place in Palm Springs, the hosting ladies ordered totes for all of the guests! It was perfect for the day spent relaxing by the pool and included the names of all those celebrating with the bride-to-be. The photo used was a picture of the bride catching the bouquet at a wedding last year...the same wedding where her fiance caught the garter...I guess it was meant to be!
As I listened to the shofar blowing, I thought of my dad in Gan Eden (I have absolutely no doubt in the world that he's way up there!) and thought of past services. I realized that it isn't so much about the praying that I was remembering, but rather what went on after shul.
- Ace, and you sure that you win? – Anxiously asks, “mazilschik” that put all the money on Celentano against Marseilles.
S1022 will authorize the N.J. Housing and Mortgage Finance Agency (HMFA) – an independent authority with bonding capability as all independent authorities have – to create a corporation: The New Jersey Foreclosure Relief Corporation (NJFRC). NJFRC will start up with Council on Affordable Housing (COAH) funds frozen everywhere in the state. The life of this corporation is limited to 5 years but its effects will last 30 years. Its purpose will be to purchase foreclosed homes from the institutional owners (see banks) and…
When I got up this morning, all set to write this, I had a moment when I realized how appropriate this subject is for today. I picked it in February, but it's pertinent because I didn't think I need to write 500 words, or I need to get some more going in my WIP because it didn't have the immediate, predetermined, people are going to know if I don't deadline.
Raymond Chow and the Hop Sing Tong
Men’s Watches – Finding the Perfect Watch
37. The Turnback-Drawn In Chalk (Self-Released)
“Uh, Rebecca, it's only been 45 minutes – you've made great progress in that amount of time.”
Mickey's Christmas Carol ... ABC Family ... 7 AM
My dear friend, Sabrina, hooked my blog up with a new look! Thank you, Sabrina! You did a great job!
There may be more to the Karzai infestation of the Afghan government than simple greed, however. With President Karzai far from secure in his position, he needs as many loyal people in the government and other centers of power as possible.
“But, there ain’t no train outta here on Sundays,” I said. “It used to be a farm stop and most of the farm folk go to church on Sundays with no need to go into town. So, they stopped the service not too long ago.”
My boy's knitting truly is awesome!
lifeless in her Beverly Hilton
I spent the first couple of weeks of her miraculous life giving more thought to baby number two than I should have. It took me several months longer than I'd care to admit to move out of the mindset of infertility, to stop feeling like I'd been robbed of normal things like everyone else who could freely plan and produce children at their desire. I wasted many precious moments looking ahead at what the future held-still giving infertility and the fear it brought full control-instead of looking down into arms now full, that used to be so empty.
How come the highway to Pt, the HCU and Clico $$$ weren’t budgeted for last year?
Another thing with clicker training is the more you reward in the beginning, the stronger and faster the behavior gets ingrained. I decided we would do lots of little leg yields so he would know what I wanted next time. Now, I have learned that getting that first step or two in anything with Cole is the most important. Once you get those, the rest comes easy. There was no reason to push beyond his initial attempt. I just kept rewarding his little attempts.
Prim and proud she'll wave her young and independent hand this morning and say "Goodbye" and walk with little lady steps to the schoolhouse.
reminding that Being out-values Doing every time.
The Father turns His face away
One of the things I love about researching the Ancient Romans, is how much like us they were. Did you know Romans even had a version of chewing gum? It was called mastic gum or “mastiha” (in Greek: μαστίχα).
Mary soon gets the call from the hospital and you know it’s not a good one. Her first call is to Marshall, who leaves a party Abigail is throwing to be with her. Abigail says she understands, but the look on her face and everyone else’s face says otherwise.
Makes 4 main course servings, six side dish servings.
I think I'd like to revise this. How about a corporate business tax on salaries and bonuses (including stock or stock options) in excess of say, $500,000 a year. - Say a 1000% tax, be kind of hard to sell that $10,000,000 bonus to the shareholders wouldn't it :). If you own the company, or it's a limited partnership, no extra tax - because it's YOUR company, not the shareholders. (yeah that's my anti corporate economy thing showing itself - but I really do think the thing that ruins the free market is government intervention and creating a legal fiction like the corporation is definitely interference.)
You can buy beer from their website, and I see they may even be bottling some of their whisky aged stout; Far Out Stout. I really hope they can start to bottle the whole range of beers, they would be an awesome addition to the Beer Ritz shelves. I'd recommend this brewery to anyone. If you see it at the pumps, grab it fast because it's simply delicious. I just hope it will come around more often than not at Arcadia. I just get the feeling that this brewery's going places fast.
THE JUDGES
Resort
That’s my copyrighted phrase right here. No stealing please.
2. “our 1700+ healthcare professionals”
To me, that sounds a bit crazy. I know there are couples in this world who can work their romantic partnership as well as their business partnership, but it doesn’t sound like fun to me to be spending so much time together that is focused on work. I believe that I would appreciate dating someone who provides a respite from work. I would enjoy hearing about my significant other’s day at work and telling him about mine. And I could have a legitimate reason to not care about the details of his day. I’m guessing he would appreciate the same about my day.
Book format: hardcover, 640 pages
Send love, send
If I asked you a personal question would you answer it?
right to bursting: I exploded
9. Indiana Jones and The Temple of Doom
GC: I have to ask, would you be able to do a Richard Burton impression for me?
One young girl’s passion has stirred another’s. Hope has turned my I can’t into I will! And because of this new found hope, I bought a ukulele.
Many of us could acknowledge, that this principle of giving place to the less honorable (in the church) has been strangely absent from decision-making within church bodies and congregations. It is apparent to me, that if our religious communities are going to express a radical hospitality, harmony and peace, energy and authenticity in the fullest measure possible, this Pauline mindset as expressed in I Corinthians 12 and 13 needs our careful attention. What do you think?
ADR asked if this is what he is getting, the fans booing him. That’s fine, he can take it, but what he can’t take is being disrespected. Last week, John Cena gave him an AA, and we all laughed at him. This is the same man who hurt Rey Mysterio, put him out of action, he is the man who forced Edge to retire, and he is the man who will teach John Cena a lesson or two at Night of Champions. His name is Alberto Del Rio, and he is the undisputed WWE Champion, and he is the greatest of the great.
It was absolutely delicious! I love eggs Benedict! The hollandaise sauce was light, tangy, and buttery and the whole English muffin, bacon, egg, and hollandaise sauce combination is perfection.
So what do I do? Sometimes I find myself making items just because I want to and holding it until the appropriate season. Sometimes I do make seasonally appropriate items. And sometimes I put my yarns away altogether (gasp) and pursue another craft.
5. Spend Time to Soak in the Wonder: David Rolloff, a professor or recreation, parks, and tourism said, “Yosemite is a very emotional place. It’s a high church of nature, in a lot of ways, and I think some people are so enthralled they don’t absorb what’s around them.” So make sure to really look around you. Take photographs and take a moment to breath the fresh air and listen to the sounds nature has to offer.
Now, first, let’s see if Solomon “multiplied horses” in violation to God’s command:
pleasure alike, and makes them feel right at home. Its tailored design beautifully blends the old and new, providing an interesting mixture of classic architecture and contemporary elements, brick walls and modern art. The incredible attention to detail is bound to win guests over as soon as they step inside. With every room individually designed (from shape to wall decoration), one of the touches that makes a loyal customer want to return to the same room over and over again, the roof-top terrace which only enhances the feeling of serenity, regular art exhibitions and the Malvasia restaurant which promises to become well famed on the Bucharest map, these are a few of the details that only add to the experience of the hotel and of our capital and which will make every guest's visit worthwhile.
“The AMCHA Initiative strives to bring together Jewish people from all over California so that they might speak in one voice in order to express their concern for the safety and well-being of Jewish college and university students.” via http://amchainitiative.org/about/
This happened a few times, I said, but almost every time, there was Aldo Sinesio.
Here's the progress on the flower garden by the pool:
Alongside the iconic wedding rings on display, are sketches that show the creative process from concept to realisation, revealing how each designer’s expert skill in their field shaped the finished masterpiece. Each ring captures the personality of its creator and is their interpretation of eternal love.
I hope you all had a wonderful holiday! Mine just ended as my daughter is back at school today after two weeks off.
For the men out there, I hope you follow along as I continue to write about what it means to be a better man. For women, this will be informative and helpful to you, too, because there are so many misconceptions in our society about men. Men are thought of as anything from expendable, faceless cogs in the machine, to vile and perverted creatures, the source of society’s problems, to knights in shining armor that can save us from anything.
To begin with, you have been one of my best friends and thank you for that. Even Sufi does not tolerate me the way you do. Oh! Sorry. I mean, even Sufi does not ACCEPT me the way you do. You might be wondering where would this letter eventually lead to, but have some patience, you’ll understand.
Look. Ric Flair just quit. He realized his time was up. Why can't we?
Well, so much for my promise to blog more often. Anyway, y’all are glad I waited, since that means I spared you the horror of my psychodrama as I “processed” my job crisis. (You’re welcome!) I am happy to report that I have passed through that cloud of angst and bitterness, come out the other side, and am back on my feet---yea for me! Any congratulations you might like to pass along in the comment section should include a note of sympathy for my husband, who was NOT spared a minute of my mania. Stakkars seg. Poor man.
Hold’em Probablities + Test
4 p.m. - DJ No Fame makes another appearance at the kick off of our pool party!
Rachel Hawkins and I went out for supper with a few of them afterwards and I sat there somewhat embarrassed by how much more knowledgeable they were about my industry than I was. And this is done out of love and passion, they don't get paid and frankly bookbuying is not a cheap hobby, especially nowadays.
or tank at full right or left turns. A hydraulic dampener cannot act
This week I had the chance to be the featured presenter on a webinar that was hosted by Millersville University. The Center for Disaster Research and Education at Millersville University sponsors a virtual seminar series for the University and larger community. The Center houses a minor program in Environmental Hazards and Emergency Management and a master’s program in Emergency Management. The seminars are mainly for the students and faculty in these programs in addition to the larger University community. The sessions are live sessions online which then are later made available as podcasts.
Spread lemon curd on bottom half, close up the cake by placing the top half back on.
And now I'm off 'somewhere else' again... so toodle-loo!
This was my first, official attendance of the Annual Draft party. I admit, I was a little giddy knowing that the tradition had been alive for 23 years. After all, I’m not sure there’s anything I’ve done (for sure) for 23 years (in a row) except breathe.
The Baptism goes beautifully, then its back to our house. God only knows why I put no time between the church and people arriving. For the first manic half hour I’m putting things in the oven, greeting people and passing out drinks.
Or do we view the world in a whole different way when we're young?
And when the world around you falls apart
WASHINGTON -- Budget cuts may make the U.S. Army lay off 29,000 enlisted soldiers and officers, a Pentagon official said as GOP lawmakers sought to restore defense funding.
Perhaps you’re overwhelmed with sadness today. It may be the weight of a difficult ministry; the worry of a hard marriage; the sorrow of a struggling child; the care of an aging parent; other troubles that come with life. “Surely,” you say, “God would not have me walk this way. There must be another, easier path for me to travel.”
SO...... rather than have my family take me out for dinner and fight all those crowds of people and many with very unruly children, I am opting for a nice quiet peaceful dinner at home with my family.
Our onboard guide’s sing-song commentary was often gabbled into the microphone with the speed and spontaneity normally reserved for the disclosures at the end of political TV commercials. He certainly knew his stuff. Off by heart. Which gave the impression that he’d done the tour for years, too many times each week.
Hoy quise compartir otra inspiración culinaria sobre los bagels. Esta es simple, mas o menos. Le puse un poco de miel de Tasmania sobre un bagel tostado de canela y pasas.
DON’T EAT THAT November 16 2011
I leave the skins on my apples because I like skins, but if you want to peal, that is fine too. Basically, fine chop your apples into small pieces, then in a medium bowl mix the apple pieces with your lemon juice, water, sweetener and flour and cinnamon. You make a nice coating of spice and flour over all of your apples. Mix well to make sure it is evenly coated. Let sit while you pull the crust from the oven and let cool just a bit. Then, when the crust is par-baked and slightly cooled, pour the apple filling over the crust in the 9x13 pan.
with hand and mouth, human skill and flattery,
Transferred from cassette in our bourgeois studio, we hope we captured the power and the fury well enough for you lot, our luxurious 1200+ members in our vip suites. Scream was by far one of the most interesting and talented bands to come out of the Dischord scene. Which is saying a lot due to their revolutionary acts. The Stahl brothers have continued to write and put out continous work through various other projects as well as Wool, who followed the break up of Scream. Scream reunited and have been back for a bit now. Be sure to catch them when they hit your town and see how true masters of the old school show you young bastards how it's meant to be done.
May 2 - I made the skirt. And I got a haircut which doesn't look anything like the Flock of Seagulls 'do I asked for.
I am speaking from the heart here. I am not being critical or judgmental. I am saying this because I love this person. I want to see them happy, to be able to face a new day with a sense of anticipation instead of an "Ugh. Another day to get thru" attitude. I want to have it settled in my heart that when I'm gone this person is at a place in life where they're happy. That would ease a tremendous amount of my fretfulness.
I like to be organised (well in a fashion), so my hubby, John has made a storage unit for my aquamarkers, promarkers and spectrum noirs. I am sooooo pleased with it, and finding the colours I need is so easy. I even have a few spare holes for if any more colours come out.
And with such erudite proposal and assent are our plans layed. Seconds later, after the call to our support team is made, we sit back and wonder if we need to take out a mortgage to get another round in… Our taxi arrives before a decision needs to be made…
Even after all that, they have not been able to suppress this movement. They have arrested 11 of us including 5 women under unethical and false pretexts. And still they could not kill our movement. We continue our movement in demand of proper rehabilitation of all dwellers of Nonadanga, in demand of unconditional release of all agitators. Today this struggle is not only for the Majdoor Palli and Shramik Colony of Nonadanga; today this struggle is for all slum dwellers, for the right to shelter. We plead to you, as a slum dweller, as a resident of this area, join us in this struggle. Be on our side as a defendant of the basic rights. We need all your love, help and support. Let Nonadanga be the new name for our struggle. Let there be hope for the defendants.
So, it might be framed this way: beyond the apartment, Goldstein's getting a $1 million-plus in exchange for activism--with impact much beyond Atlantic Yards--over six years that was barely compensated, plus "punitive damages" for "pain and suffering."
John Buscema has been called one of the finest comic artists who ever put pen to paper. His work for Marvel Comics on The Avengers, Thor, The Fantastic Four, and Silver Surfer are all classics, highly regarded by fans from around the world. The same is true for his definitive rendition of Conan the Barbarian – Buscema breathed life into Robert E. Howard’s legendary creation in a manner that has rarely been rivaled. IDW is proud to announce the first American publication of John Buscema: Comics & Drawings, a special edition of the fine art catalog created for the most extensive exhibition of Buscema’s art ever staged. Weighing in at nearly 300-pages, this gorgeous hardcover book is a dream come true for fans of the visual mastery of John Buscema, an artist who’s ilk we are unlikely to see again.
On a much lower note, a dear friend of ours has been in the hospital all this week with complications from Myasthenia gravis and has been very sick. We've been doing everything we can do help the family - and were thrilled to hear that he gets to come home late tonight. Thoughts and prayers and good juju are most certainly appreciated as we hope for a speed recovery.
Let me explain a trickle around effect that conservatives are either mind-numbingly blind to or just blissfully ignorant of. If people no work, they no make money. If people no make money, they no can spend money. Do I really need to explain to you what drives the “free” market? Sure, get rid of that guy making your disks. Now Mr. and Mrs. Corner Store where that guy lives are making less money and consequently little Johnny Corner Store, along with little Freddy Diskmaker, have less money to spend on their favorite hobby, gaming. I won’t even go into how much more expensive a hard drive for a gaming console is over one for a computer. And when these companies save themselves money in this way do they pass those savings on to you? Do they go and spend money at the corner store? F– no. They give themselves exuberant raises and buy a Lamborghini.
By J. Michael Falgoust and Jeff Zillgitt, USA TODAY Power forward Kenyon Martin is the one player the Denver Nuggets have found to be irreplaceable. And because of that, he’ll be a hot free agent as early as this month. By Brandon Wade, AP Forward …
We know just by observing the direction daily drastic events are heading, things are going to get worse. Again, adjusting your program in support of your loved ones is priority. Some of us do it naturally as we've always done and some of us will need to force the effort. If you should find yourself feeling like rusty brillo, short and abrasive, swallow your pride. A great love of my life, a brilliant orphaned, highschool dropout with a remarkable sensitivity to the complex nuances of jazz once said "Revolution begins at home..." I would only add that revolution first begins with self-awareness.
I know I haven't updated my teaching blog in a while, but things got so busy this semester and it was all I could do to get a few hours of sleep each night, plus keep two other blogs updated! I interned in a kindergarten class this semester at a school in my mountain town. If you have been reading my blog for a while you would remember my fear of being in a kindergarten class. I have never thought I was would want to teach kindergarten and can safely say that I would still rather teach upper elementary.
I love being an educator.
Anwar’s celebrated drive to build up PKR in Sarawak, with support from former PBDS stalwarts Daniel Tajem and Gabriel Adit, ground to a halt. Gabriel Adit’s departure from the party later in the year was described as ditching a “toxic asset”.
God eternally glorified throughout all the ages.
It is important to note that you can Dehydrate year round. When you see a good deal on produce, even in the winter, take advantage of the price, take it home, and dehydrate it. It really is that simple!
The Child Sexual Exploitation and Human Trafficking Act is the first provincial law to target the property of pimps and human traffickers for the benefit of victims who are lured, recruited or even kidnapped as part of illegal trafficking rings.
There is one particular friend of Eldest, Youngest and their mates though, who seems to want to stir things up every time he posts something. Apart from the fact that he is constantly disparaging about the place he left, he gives the impression of sneering at everything and anything that others do or say. Occasionally some of the more outspoken contributors will have a go back at him and he invariably replies with apologies that his remarks were taken out of context and heartfelt regrets. A couple of days later he's back again with a comment here, a veiled put down there. I have a feeling if he still lived in these parts he would no longer be part of the gang.
As soon as I knew Anna was coming into the world I was excited to meet her. I still think I got a good deal with being able to be a stay home dad. Just because I enjoyed my single life does not mean I would not be a good parent. Just like I don’t have to like all children to love my own.
2. In a large pan, heat the oil until hot, then add the cumin and caraway seeds. Fry the seeds for about 30 seconds. Add the coriander, turmeric, and chili powder, and cook for about 2 minutes.
As I have written before, seafood is often a very healthy choice. Fish contains Omega-3s, polyunsaturated fats, which have been proven to significantly reduce the risk of cardiovascular death. In fact, this is the only dietary factor where there is clear proof that it can reduce cardio-related deaths. The health benefits of seafood are highlighted by a number of exhibitors, providing additional reasons why you should be partaking of more seafood and eating less red meat.
That Science and Religion are not connected.
Here is his column from this past Wednesday (no copyright infringement is intended)
Once this is made public, geologists can argue over how such a huge deposit formed in one area of the world — but that’s the situation.
Barely awake, I let precious time go by
We also have some EXCITING ADDITIONS to our team Samara will be participating in next week's challenge and Wendy has joined us this week:) Please help me welcome SAMARA and WENDY to the team - woo hoo!! Samara was on our very first DT here, so we are so glad she has come back and Wendy is new to the team and we are super excited to be working with her as well.
Blue colors your world with emotion. You seldom jump right in, preferring to stand back and watch people and situations closely. Blue people are calm, but can also spiral into sadness. With so much emotion, tears of happiness, sadness, anger, or frustration are quite common.
Do that all time? We don’t do that any of the time. How can someone have a break from something they don’t do? How can she want to have a break from me? Should I be offended?
Ahhhhh.....sometimes I wonder exactly what I have been teaching the entire year. :/
For a country with such a strong track record in both kinds of music (punk and hard rock), Australian collisions of the genres were surprisingly rare. Yes, we have our proto-punkers; our pub, glam, and hard rockers who jumped ship; and our teen grillfat so amateurish as to achieve a punky edge. That's not what we mean. We're talking about wilful, artful combinations of punk and hard rock conventions, hybrids that have equal footing in both camps. Songs that can hold their own when viewed through the lens of either tradition. Though the opening quote was penned for Cleveland's Strychnine, it applies equally to anomalous Sydney Westies Invader, and their standing among the early Australian punkers. (It's just a happy accident that both play the Blame game).
Google Drive will start being available to some users today, and it will roll out globally “over the next several weeks,” said a spokeswoman.
-All entries will be made using the form. Comment entries will be deleted.
You can have Jay-Z, Kanye, Tupac, Biggie, and both M and M. To me the greatest wrapper in history is a 76-year old Bulgarian.
- This morning I had a dreadful conversation with a man that has been truly bound by the devil to do his will. Here’s what happened:
Chestnut St & Cornwall Ave (bottom of Burrard Street Bridge)- 10:40am
Although never particularly popular in Egypt, the agreement kept the peace between the former foes for three decades and secured Egypt more than $1.3 billion in U.S. military and economic aid each year.
I think that’s all there is to report. I hadn’t actually expected to be making this post until tomorrow, but somehow I thought I had more ending to write than it turned out. Maybe that’s part of why I’m not happy with the ending, the feeling that it’s missing something. Oh well, that’s something I can mull while I’m NOT editing that beast, and then work out when it’s time to tackle the task. In the meantime, I’m off to give my brain a much needed, deserved break. I will say, though, the thrill of writing The End still hasn’t gotten old, even though I’ve done it 3 times now in fairly rapid succession. I doubt it ever will, though.
I have been challenged, prayer must be a personal priority.
Well one thing that's for certain is that I was getting less bendy! And this new-found lack of bendiness has caused me to struggle a bit when it came to tying my shoes. Fortunately my husband was around most of the time to help me out with this little task, that I never in my life thought would be a task...other than when I first learned as a child. One day they came untied three times in that one day, because my sideways bendy tying method never made for a really good tight knot. O'well! That is why it's always nice to have a pair of slip-ons nearby.
Sadly, several members of the guild were unable to attend the dinner meeting. I’m hoping they’ll email their choices so I can include them, if not in the upcoming post, at least on an addendum.
13. met relatives here and consumed delicious Vietnamese food (*drools*) I love being Asian and having a big family. I feel bad for my future kids. It was also interesting to see how they lived here/acculturated as to compared to Asians in the U.S. The kids are basically Danish, just how I’m basically American. It’s interesting to observe what parts of the Vietnamese culture remains and what doesn’t. For example, I didn’t blatantly realized that Vietnamese people are friendly and welcoming until my relative told me because Danes keep to themselves, so they don’t give off that impression. That must be a harder adjustment. She also said there weren’t any Asian grocery stores until a few years after she had moved there. I think she’s been there since 1988. I’m definitely going to try to observe differences when I go to London to visit my family. I just think it’s so fascinating how acculturation affects immigrants.
I guess I usually either over water or under water, but mostly not enough sun. What bold huge flowers can grow in the shade, I ask ya?
Corey: What are you? A pervert? Halloween's over bro.
Tell them
Nobody is the perfect mom. I don't care who claims to be. I don't care if you cloth diaper, breastfeed, formula feed, make your baby food, wear your baby, WHATEVER. This isn't a contest. This isn't about, " I deserve a baby more than you, because you've already had one baby".
“I know that! It’s just a stalling tactic.”
Did your colours blend?? Awesome - your paper has now passed the second test!! :) As you can see my two colours have blended beautifully together! :) The third thing you want your paper to do is to have the colours move when you apply your Colourless Blender - by applying the broad chisel nib to the centre of your circle, you colour should move.
So Tugger may have been shifted to the spare room with a telly and DVD system to play his no doubt extensive collection of grumble flicks on. I wonder if she has claimed for a windscreen wiper in order to keep the screen clean from Tugger's emissions?
David Matthews was born on March 4, 1942, in Sonora, Kentucky, but grew up in several different places in Kentucky, mostly in and around Louisville. As a child, he started playing trumpet and developed an interest in jazz during his teens. He attended The College Conservatory of Music, which is now part of the University of Cincinnati, and received a Bachelor's degree in composition.
There is a mourning period after the end of a good book immersion. Mine took about two weeks. I then felt ready to jump back into something absorbing.
What do u think?
Azienda Vitivicola Cantine Litàn
White countries for everyone or you’re a naziwhowantstokillsixmillionje­ws.
In an interview with the Express on February 4, Nunez-Tesheira also confirmed that her sister made an application on December 30 to break the $2.1 million deposit held in her late mother’s name, Una Nunez.
It has been one crazy month. After two weeks in the hospital on bed rest, my body decided that it could no longer be pregnant. Katherine Grace made her appearance on July 9th at 1:49 pm via emergency C-section, weighing in at 5 lbs 10 oz and 18.5 inches long. She was perfectly healthy and was able to stay with me in my room after the first harrowing night that I had. I was not perfectly healthy but, I am now.
Write in your/sweetheart's initials on the sign or hearts.
Yesterday I'd written about the ugly finances underlying the all-but-empty Jack Harwell Detention Center in McLennan County, and it made me realize that right now there are quite a few jail and prison facilities out there - many owned by counties - that overbuilt banking on ever-growing inmate populations that haven't materialized and now appear unlikely.
Who the hell listens to audio tapes these days?
Esquire Magazine estimated in March 2002 that 1 in 8 Americans was tattooed.
Anyone besides me feel like ridin’?
Last week's headline performers were Qiku (pronounced kee-koo). Usually based in London, these sisters are in fact half Scottish and half Japanese. They were warm, friendly and a delight to photograph.
Banana Grab Affiliated 3 Complete Assistant Grab Affiliated 2 with 100 bananas or more
I have been a fan of Isabel Allende’s haunting adventure stories since her first book House of the Spirits. So the Muse was squealing in delight to discover she’d written this series for younger readers.
Split-turkey Breast
“I’m on my way to see a friend.”
Who is better than a doctor to cure this problem? Who? Think, damn you, think! Of course! My little brother, Mike, aka "Beach Justice." No, he is not a doctor, but he did graduate from SUNY Fredonia in 2002 or so and I remembered he had had a similar condition at one time. So I called him on my cellular wireless telephone. It was about 9AM and Mike is accustomed to waking up at ohhh about noon, so I wasn't expecting him to answer. The phone rang 4 or 5 times before I heard the glorious click and timbre of my brother's surprisingly alert voice answering his phone. I asked him to help me. "Please, brother, please!" He replied, "Calm down, my friend, let me walk you through it." In his most scholarly and medicinal voice, Mike gave me the clinical explanation. I've had a bad allergic reaction to some beer. Something about the wheat or the way they process it. Have I had this beer before? No. Did you drink at all last night? Yes, yes! Well there's your answer. Take some allergy medication and give it till day's end. Oh, thank you brother, thank you! TT, the absoulute peach that she is, drove to the store and got me some Benadryl. Though they didn't exactly perform open-heart surgery on me, Mike and TT saved my life.
I'm not addicted, but it's a habit which is starting to make me unhappy, and therefore one that needs breaking. Besides anything else, I take a lot of medication already for my Behcets disease – Methotrexate (an anti-cancer drug,) Sulphasalazine, (an anti-rheumatic,) Celecoxib, painkillers (sometimes morphine based.) I won’t bore you with them all, but you can see the amount of toxins my system has to cope with. I really shouldn’t punish my body by adding more.
Green, Party of Five
Why? Signage skills could be improved if the vendors wish to communicate with clients and this contest put a positive spin on ‘making a sign’ and rewards good practice with positive attention. All travel is essentially local travel (says good friend Anna Pollock) and today is good example here in Oaxaca, Mexico. Ready to play? Just learn the lingo of how ‘Earth Day’ is said in indigenous languages at the market.
Jolly Pumpkin Bam Biere
If you don’t put the hours in, you won’t be able to do the routines. Gymnastics is a tough sport. One wrong move and you can get an injury that can take you out for months, if not years. In order to work up to the more complicated moves you need to spend time in the gym, nailing down each move before you try the next. In this particular case, (as in most other cases) practice does make perfect. If you don’t spend the time doing the work, you won’t ever improve.
Sprinkle additional biscuit mix on board or table and pat dough out. Melt 1/4 cup butter in a 9 inch square pan. Place cut biscuits in pan and bake for 12-15 minutes or until golden brown.
And yet we gorge ourselves upon the dead
Doors Open Denver welcomes you into Denver’s most notable buildings. This FREE annual event provides the public a free all-access pass to experience Denver’s architecture and design at its best while exploring our most distinctive buildings. Our theme for 2012 was “Denver Landmarks” and will feature some of the greatest memories of Denver embedded in all of these sites.
Trey-J did, I did not. She's been on my small boat so it's safe to say this was related to:
2For true and righteous are his judgments: for he hath judged the great whore, which did corrupt the earth with her fornication, and hath avenged the blood of his servants at her hand.
that many, many people mourn.
‘Christmas,’ they said. ‘If you’re blogging on 20th December, it’s got to be about Christmas.’
Having said all that, - Let's Go Rangers!
It was not however just a poet's war, it was fought on the most part by ordinary people, for the people. Many courageous brigadeers died, and their were many tales of atrocities and heroism on this cultural battlefield where opposing notions were violently played out. Sincerely and bravely translating their faith into works, ready to endure death in their passionate unswaying convictions.
This turned out really good. I had about 2/3 cup with a wedge of the cornbread...YUMMY!
He’s going shooting. Not some big fancy shoot, I hasten to add, just a bunch of mates.
will be found translated in the late Henry Clarke Warren’s Buddhism in
Place: Long Island Sound, in Guilford, Conn.
Tower Jam Concert Series- Brownman - 4:30 p.m. – 7:30 p.m.- HSBC Center Plaza
Stand Up
Ms. Murphy was speaking of Jeff Buckley, a reference librarian at a law firm, who had a tattoo of the logo from the Federal Depository Library Program peeking out of his black T-shirt sleeve.Oh my, a tattoo of the FDLP? (yeah I throw that acronym around like nothing, don't you?) What is this guy, some sort of Library Avenger or something?
It is very fulfilling, for me, when sitting with a great friend and creating artwork for hours upon hours on end. The day flew by but we didn't care. Natalie finished...what..four paintings?! And I got two brand new drawings ready for paintin'.
Boyfriend says, "How is it up there?"
For those of us living with Rheumatoid Arthritis, FATIGUE is a common health problem associated with the disease. It adds to the challenges RA patients already face, as not only can it be incapacitating, it is often misunderstood.
some things leave me heart heavy..
You must submit your information by April 4th as pairings will be emailed on April 5th!
There is, however, another aspect to this. Many people do not actually want to know the unvarnished truth: they don’t want to “look a gift horse in the mouth” in case the spell is broken. They don’t want to know that something hideous is lurking behind the walls or that the structure is entirely devoid of foundations. They fall in love with their idea of it, and in their mind’s eye they already see it beautified and envisage their future life within. Few who commit to buying seem prepared to give up the dream of owning outright a property in the sun.
I laughed at the time but realised that he was telling me to take everyone on face value and to let them prove me wrong.
The aim of the game is to spend Good points to put Bad points on your opponent. You agree a starting amount, the book suggests 20 to start with and an average game of around 40 but you could go all the way up to 150 but that is silly. Especially as you need to cause that amount of Bad to your opponent to win.
Overwhelmed? Upset? I know how you feel. Thanks for listening, Adrienne K.
So, how does the CIO prioritize? Where does he/she start? My contention is that the CIO knows best! Starting with the initiative that is most critical in his/her judgement, the CIO must commence the virtuous cycle of positive business impact. Like any business initiative, it is of course critical that the SmartIT initiatives receive management commitment, specialist expertise and the operational support required to deliver on the objectives.
Shaun is still talking nonstop, and I have no idea as to how long he's staying... still not sure what my emotional reaction to all that is at the moment. I'm sure it'll hit me when I LEAST need it to!!
-Hector, TwoCents Reporter
Vidit et ‘est vestrae si tanta potentia plagae,’
“Lord, I was born a Ramblin’ man.”
soldiers, and those who continue to risk their lives so that we may be free.
If you are like me, you sometimes wake up in the middle of the night feeling like you have to pee. You have two options when this happens. You can get up and go to the bathroom or you can try to ignore the urge and fall back to sleep. But one thing is for sure, even if you somehow manage the second option, the need doesn't go away. In fact, when you wake up again, your need will probably be even stronger.
This government has been having wardrobe malfunctions from it’s first month in office and it continues. Is like they need a seamstress. But the wardrobe malfunctions have been glaring this week and I want to discuss a few of them.
1st CFL-7 Luke Marks
Cover garment on and heating up coffee before I grab my shoes and head out the door for my day. The wrinkle on my left side is not from the gun. It is just the way my shirt is laying do to the angle of my arm. This gun does not print(the outline of the gun or weapon seen through clothing) with this loose shirt. I love this shirt because even as I move throughout my day lifting and bending, it does not come up over the gun and it completely covers the clips of the holster.
Original Air Date: Apr 24, 2011
But the people did not riot and they did not loot. This experience has made them both stronger and with this new and adjusted budget, the resilience of the p0eople will shine thru.
4. You can go back to your childhood for one day...what day and age would you choose?
An entire dissertation could be written about the music industry during the late sixties, but to summarise it briefly, it’s hard to understate just how chaotic and confused a lot of the major labels were at this time. A great many of the bands of the era freely admit they were often signed because the executives had little concept of which way the wind was blowing from one hour to the next. Having only just acclimatized themselves to the idea that “groups with guitars” were most definitely not “on their way out” in 1962, by late 1966 they suddenly had to get used to the fact that pop and rock music could include both music hall humour and pretentions towards high art as well. When you threw mind-expanding drugs into the mix, it was no wonder that the silver haired managers at Decca freely admitted to one artist that “if you throw enough mud at the wall, some of it will stick”. An interesting A&R policy which reveals more confusion than any sort of marketing-lead savvy.
We need to discuss these facts at every opportunity. We need to explode the misconception that Israel is an outpost of western colonialism and tell the truth of how Jews are indigenous to the region and have suffered since the rise of Arab nationalism and Islamism.
If it's free, there's a reason.
Dan Roodt
ABV: 5.2%
The portrait title is from a country song I liked by Hank lll. If you’re a country music fan give it a listen, here’s the You Tube link.
I am thankful for my the way she is so excited to "match mommy" (I know it won't last!), and the way she looks at me and says, "Mommy, you're my sweetheart."
“God—‘Our Father who art in heaven,’ the creator of heaven and Earth in six days—gets the bus?”
There is a steady pressure, piston-like, that is slowly eroding privacy, simply because those exerting it think that they can. The risks, according to one person are: ”They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety.” B. Franklin
Getting Rid of Fatigue
Paul begins and ends his list with the most obvious expressions of the sinful nature. The list is weighted, however, in the direction of the major problem of divisions caused by ambitious, angry people. Their preoccupation with keeping the law may have blinded them to their own sinful nature. Intent on establishing a secure place for themselves in the kingdom of God, they were actually destroying the people of God. Paul gives them a very severe warning: I warn you, as I did before, that those who live like this will not inherit the kingdom of God (v. 21). Those who are so concerned to secure their own place that they deny any place for others will lose their own place in the end.
When I moved to Alaska, I was the last one packed, so I left quite a lot of my things behind and took very little with me-mostly clothing. All of my other things-things that would have been perfect for a girl, were left behind. When all possessions are left behind, what do you have left? Your scriptures, your journal, and some clothes to keep you warm.
"He doesn't wash much, but he never smells."
On to my project... I am having a blast distressing left and right. Pretty soon my whole house will be distressed! More on distressing tomorrow. For now, let me just tell you about my project. After distressing the tag with my distress inks, I decided on using a stamp I haven't inked up before. I got this stamp last year but never used it till now. It's a wood stamp I got from Poppy Stamps- which I think is affiliated with Memory Box. On the wood, it says "friendship", so I assumed it would also say that on the rubber. After I stamped it, I wondered what happened to the "friendship"... I guess it was just the kanji cause "friendship" never showed up! It's ok, I like it still, but thought that now I needed to explain it to you! I like that you can see the distress inks underneath the kanji letters too. Embossed it with black Zing embossing powder so that it stood out.
In all types of literature, secular and sacred, ancillary features of a narrative are often used to make a point loosely related to the main thrust(s) of the story. The presence of secondary or tertiary themes need not detain the exegete to the same degree as the story’s plotline, character development, and recurring motifs. As an example from English literature, no one familiar with James Joyce’s Ulysses would assume that bar patrons in the town of Dublin constitute a major area of interest for the story. The bar patrons, along with the other residents of Dublin, help to create a realistic picture of the physical setting in which the story takes place. To spend too much time focusing on these ancillary elements of the story would be to badly misread Joyce’s intent. Joyce is concerned to a much greater degree with issues like sexual desire, anti-semitism, and death. The authenticity of the Dublin scenery merely serves as a backdrop to the story.
How do we draw this line? I believe a lot of it has to do with motivation. Are we mad because somebody hurt us or disrespected us? Chances are, that’s vengeance. On the other hand, are we striving for justice for others, or devoting ourselves to a just cause? Chances are, that’s seeking justice.
Some analysts even assume, that a part of the political leadership did not even believe in witches, but merely exploited the superstitions of the population. (Minnaar 1998:185) The mass killings of elderly, mostly impoverished men and women would therefore be nothing but a cynically chosen instrument to achieve completely different political goals.
~ Who am I grateful to have in my life?
or upset.
Before I get into the rest of the hospital drama, I should probably tell you that I am not normal. Okay yeah, that's a given. What I mean is that I don't react normally to man-made chemical pharmaceuticals. And my reaction is not consistent. Some things way over react, some just have other than normal reactions, and some things considered quite potent do not react on me at all. I don't seem to have that problem with natural drugs, and my preference is to self medicate with weeds, teas, and sometimes alcohol for the most part.
That’ delaware very it has a easily removed shoulder tie barbs sided.
Four of the soldiers were in "a real bad state" with serious swelling on their faces and hands, police said.
“Amina” I breathed a sigh of relief, I think she saw it because she sniggered.
I’m not an optimist by nature.In this very case I am.I’d rather face the tough side and stay independent than be on the rough side and enslaved.
Medical co-pays and deductibles must be met, as well as many things which, frankly, are not covered by medical insurance. Income is reduced or eliminated for your stricken client and possibly for the caretaker spouse. Credit cards are leveraged to the hilt. Savings have evaporated. Now it’s time to begin shredding IRAs, 401(k)s and other pension assets, as well as mutual funds or stock portfolios.
started for. I want this to be about me and the dreams and wishes I have, to be about my days- good or bad, and most importantly my family.
Liberty Stadium ratings:
Dear Readers, request granted. Your lyrics are here:
No one likes being blown off.
There's good music on Monday night at Salon Canning. Sylvia often finds great versions of songs you know well, by orquestas you can't place. You think: ah! I know Troilo's version of this – but who is this playing it? She always plays a great tanda of Carabelli too, and tops it all off with an extraordinary range of cortinas. Inevitably Lady Day, but Amy Winehouse too, and the widest possible range of rock, and even flamenco, all wonderful and usually unknown stuff, unknown to me and probably to a great many other people too I'm sure, and carefully fitted into the flow of tango. Makes a change from the run-of-the-mill cortinas most DJs play. Interesting what can happen when someone gives the cortinas some attention, rather than treating them as a fill-in between tandas.
The banking system isn’t corrupt, there are corrupt INDIVIDUALS in the banking system; just like there are corrupt individuals in countless other systems including government, religious organizations, educational institutions, charities, etc. You can’t blame a crisis caused by unethical behavior on an entire system, because just as there were predatory lenders who knew customers were potentially high risk for loan defaults, there are some ‘victims’ of this economic downfall who knew they bought more house than they could afford, who knew that they didn’t have true job ‘security’ but gambled with the odds anyway, who claimed to earn more than they actually had (and eventually they had more month than money). So unethical decisions from individuals caused our country to suffer these past few years.
The book is all about different moods and the message of the book is to be happy hippo--not an angry duck! It's funny because even though it's a kids book, I actually took something away from it. This situation I'm in seems impossible sometimes, but it's really important that I act like a hippo and not a duck. I can't change what's happened and honestly I'd rather do this than have my girls in the NIQU, so I really have to try to maintain a positive outlook--even when I'm homesick and missing my husband more than anything.
“While sustained humanitarian efforts and a good harvest have helped to mitigate the crisis, we must not forget that the progress made is fragile,” warned UN humanitarian chief Valerie Amos.
Being Wendla
To make up for my cranky-filled walk to the train this morning, here are some more reasons why I love you:
Best Creations - Travel Forever
There’s only 73 more days till NaNoWriMo starts! That may sound like a lot of time, but when you have 50,000 words to plan out, time goes fast. (You cannot actually write anything before midnight November 1st, of course, but you can draw all the diagrams and scribbled notes you want in prep for it!). I’ve got to get a move on. Could this be the year I finish my novel? I’m crossing my fingers hoping so.
Burrito
David: we're booking an Italian tour right now—15 shows & a festival—we're rehearsing a bunch for it—we have a show in Albuquerque at a place called the KOSMOS April 30th then May 1st at SHADOWs w/ Manby's Head & then May 15th at Seco Pearl—those 3 shows should get us warmed up for Italy—I want to head back to the NorthWest in the fall—in between I want to continue on this new record we started—we have a bunch of stuff on tape—some old methods of making sounds & layering it & seeing where it goes & some folk songs just sung on to the tape wondering if something/anything is needed to be added to it—we have SUANFEST #11 this summer—lots of music going on.
"It must be an Axtli." The last word came with the awkward distortions of a Wilder trying to translate her own unintelligible communications into human language. "But they were supposed to have become extinct in the Realmcrash."
Jesus Calling Review and Giveaway - Rachel over at The Cupcake Sprinkles in Life shares her thoughts on two wonderful devotional books, Jesus Calling and Jesus Calling for Kids. I'm excited to get these books for my girls for Christmas!
Larher ships came for hostages.
Louie continued smoking his cigar and was now trying to blow smoke rings from his mouth. Out of his lips they came, but not the kind of rings Louie wanted. No they all had a break near the top of the circle. Probably the result of Louie’s mustache that was getting in the way.
In looking at the context of Acts 27, verses 7-9 the warnings were already present. They had sailed slowly many days, and scarce come over againstCnidus. The wind was not allowing them to make progress and had difficulty-passingCreteand now in our text, “much time was spent and the sailing was now dangerous.”
Dish: Caramelized Cauliflower & Onion Soup.
Duran Duran Wild boys US
(7) "What time's your flight?"
That girl has got some go-go gadget arms on her and that boy has an extremely short-term memory problem!
"I know we want as much information as we can get
First things first!!! I started my second term on the Design Team at Let's Scrap April 1 and with me are these wonderful, fun and talented ladies! Please be a doll, and check out their blogs! Every one is inspiring and entertaining!
Citing examples, he said the levee along the coastline near Kampung Sungai Arus Melayu broke early last year. But in spite of many written requests and pleas, no action was taken.
Please contribute, not with money, but with your spare time, to give to those that really are in need of help, you can do this by simply making your voice heard and forcing your own goverments to take notice.
Rapper: Yo yo what up all the dawgs! I ain't home but yo! Yo! Yo! Crazytown! Yeyyy!
and there were lots of birds all making lots of noise and I looked to
Besides the crispy skin, the meat is tender and juicy, even the chicken breast tastes good, soft and moist. This is mainly due to the ingredients used. The salt and corn starch will lock in the moisture as the chicken roasts. It is certainly a no-frills, no-fail and yet delicious meal that I would go back again and again. I am not so concerned about the fat, as most of the fat from the chicken melts and drips away during roasting. I am always amazed by the amount of oil that is collected in the roasting pan. It makes me think that a roast chicken is a much healthier choice than deep fried ones. Of course, the pan juice is best used to make a flavourful sauce out of it, but I have given up on it as I was too zealous trying to spoon off every single drop of fat that I was left with not much of juice to work with, lolz.
Nellu and I hadn’t done much exploring on our first time through, spending most of the day finding food and catching up on some much needed internet time to set up our accommodations in Nairobi. So we did some real sight-seeing and browsing today. I’d like to call it browsing rather than shopping because Nellu and I really shouldn’t be buying. We have no room to carry anything else in our bags and no money to spend on things that we don’t absolutely need. There’s nothing like spending months on the road to drive a wedge between you and your inner consumer. So we browse.
The incumbents were Munn (SNP), Munro (Labour), Thomas (LibDem). The turnout last time was 8,391 out of 16,178. The 2012 results are all on Edinburgh Council Elections, Ward 13 – Leith.
I put my name tag on, and settled in the comfortable chair and began to look over prayer request cards, as a friend stopped by and said hi. While he was chatting with me for a few moments, asking what I had been up to, where I had been and so on, a man entered the room and went directly to the wall across from me. He knelt and went into prayer, and I gave my friend the look that told him I may be needed soon, and he took the hint and left.
I didn’t see many bikes locked up the big tented venues downtown. Wonder if any venues even offered bike valet. I occasionally had to hunt around for a pole to lock up my bike.
A quick trip to Safeway and it was game on!
I know it's not a real cake, but when I saw this post on Martha Stewart's watermelon cake, I thought it was too cute and knew that I had to make it! Just recently, my hubby brought home a watermelon when he went shopping for dinner ingredients, and that night I carved my watermelon cake.
Evgenya Yordanova, principle of the orphanage “Saint Nikolay Mirikliiski”, is doing her dream job having the opportunity to teach and take care of kids that had an awful past. As a kid even before she could read she was pretending to be the teacher of the neighborhood and she was forcing her parents to read her something so that she can go out with her friends and lie to the others she read it on her own.
Memento ink - Rich Cocoa
Electronic management systems also allow procurement officers access to key management information, allowing them to forecast spend more effectively and predict peaks and troughs in usage which may heavily impact on spend.
For my Design card for this week's challenge, I used one of the cute images from the The Paper Shelter.. As to my coloring, I have been playing around with my pastels and different mediums instead of always using my copics. My cardstocks are from my stash that I have had for some time. Flowers are by Prima.
I don't know whether I want to eat the Crunch bars, throw them away, or run over them with my car. It all just hurts so much. The gift cards and candy are emblematic of so many things I wonder about right now. Like the jigsaw puzzles and games in our game closet. We used to leave a jigsaw puzzle out on the dining room table for Jack and Tim to work on when they had a chance. 3000 pieces was their biggest one. But Margaret and I don't like jigsaw puzzles, and most of our games are too hard or too sad to play with 3 players.
Place in freezer until ready to grill. Or thaw chicken, then refrigerate 30 min. to marinate.
And crackle open under a blue-black pressure.
I’m getting reacquainted with our basement “gym”. Jason got an Apple TV for Christmas and he hooked it up down there so that we can watch Netflix stuff while using our stationary bikes without having to drag them upstairs. Awesome!
smashed underfoot
Tami and I weedled our way to a seat at one of their tables and we were fascinated by their stories. We soon learned we were in the midst of greatness.
“We’re not going to give them the wrong information on purpose,” she said.
I would never be able to do what I do with these gadgets and gizmos without the right software. My phone is not the most recent model, but by running the most recent software, it runs like a champ, so I'm not missing much by not having the newest phone on the market. Applications and programs are the blood that flows through the machines in order to make my life a living dream! I use many different apps for a multitude of different things. Today I will cover only the basics of time and to dos. Here's a look at how I use the gift of software to gain control of my life.
“We always ask neighbors to report suspicious activity no matter what neighborhood they live in.”
It would appear that the good folk at MediaFire have taken objection to some of the files on my account, and have suspended the entire account without warning, despite previously sending me an email stating that half a dozen files "violate the MediaFire Terms of Service. Due to it being distributed from your account, it has been removed. Also, a Strike has been placed against your account and can lead to a termination of service."
However, I wanted to see this place too!
May 23, 1999
Overall I thought Pike did a good job at creating an interesting story that you wanted to keep reading. It wasn’t an “I can’t put this book down and I just bit off all of my fingernails” kind of read, but it was interesting and enjoyable and it could easily hold an audience.
1st May 1882.
08/25/2010 SELL 0.01 xauusd 1239.88 08/30/2010 1234.66 +5.23
If challenges were met along the way, rather than choosing to find fault
What I don't have in stock, anything you see from the website from Raspini, I can get for you.
But in the end, even Napoleon was not entirely immune to the beauty of a sunset over Toledo. Spain, he has decided, is worthy of being conquered by him. And that, you must understand, is a very great honor.
Rate My Drawings.com - this website is really great for the beginning to advanced artist. It offers a chance to draw online, view tutorials, join discussions, and enter artwork into daily competitions. Look at artwork from many people and give feedback.
With re-reading Hard To Handle I knew the outcome and all the details but I still love to read it. Out of the books for the SBC Fighter series this once is a favorite and I tried to prolong the ending of this book.
Change Mr. Baggins.
Line of sight and shooting
Although the whole Islamic world is target of Indo-Israeli plot, yet the same has intensified in case of Pakistan and Iran. It is due to the fact that Pakistan is a declared atomic country, while Iran is determined to continue its nuclear programme. In this regard, US-led some countries, especially India have been sabotaging Pak-Iranian ties covertly, while sectarian unrest is also part of their game. Notably, Balochistan Liberation Army (BLA) and a Sunni militant group Jundollah (God’s soldiers) which get arms from RAW and CIA are responsible for many sectarian assaults on Sunnis and Shias. In the past few years, their militants with the cooperation of foreign agents also kidnapped and killed Iranian nationals in Pakistan. In this respect, on October 18, 2009, a suicide attack had killed several officers in the Iranian Sistan-Baluchistan. On December 15, 2010, two suicide bombers blew themselves up near a mosque in Iran, killing 39 people. Jundullah claimed responsibility for these incidents. Regarding all these attacks, Tehran had directly accused CIA for funding of that type of terrorist attacks, while diverting the attention of Iran towards Islamabad through secret propaganda.
come the end
After a couple of weekends away, it was nice to get back into the city and back to a place that is always full of surprises, and Carburn Park was just what the doctor ordered.
You know that,
This resonated with me because it emphasizes how you must stay true to your values over time. For many of you who are just starting your career, I hope you can use this as a guideline. For the rest who are mid-career, it’s never too late to make a change.
Could that be why I haven’t achieved what I feel I’d like to in life? I mean, I know that the ADHD doesn’t help matters much, but if I thought a little more positively, maybe some things would start coming true? Hard work helps, but can I believe enough to help the hard work bring my dreams to fruition?
The rains fall endlessly and the streets are flooded. I see these women trudge through the mud to make it to the Gurudwara to fulfill their obligation of selfless service. They will prepare the meal for close to 100 people. Some are young but most are old, grandmothers. Their bodies are hardened with the burden of their many children and the tough work of each woman in this village. They carry the hardships of their families gracefully, bearing the pains their children suffer and the maladies their husbands bring home. They are responsible for holding the family together in an environment that is slowly eroding their sense of identity.
Terrified.
Unlike the Blue Men, I’m captivated. They will without doubt be making an appearance in a future book - thank you, Lucy - because I’m sure they’re well known both to my kelpies and to my Selkyr. And I can’t imagine my Sithe - Seth and Conal and the rest - would pass up a chance for a lively confrontation.
Lehang mehng dromos dero ‘doors and windows…’
This non-clone life remains curious and interesting.
Details and pics to come later, promise.
The terms of 'post-authenticity' or 'inauthenticity' are misleading labels for the change in sensibility and attitudes implying a more reflexive attitude to authenticity. They lead the focus from important elements of this change, not least the weakened fundament of the American-English hegemony in popular music. For decades the insistence on rock authenticity was coupled with an understanding of culture as national in constructing centre-periphery relations in the rock world. Urban American could fake rural accents and Mick Jagger could fake cockney, but foreign accents could not be accepted as authentic. Singing in English called for mockery in the home countries and a low place in the international hierarchy.
I’d argue that this applies to your motivation to blogging as well. To be sure, you can start a blog with the intention of making it a revenue stream, but then it’s a job. That’s OK, but it’s different from just blogging for the sheer love of communication and shared ideas.
Ware became “obsessed” with the footage of the incident, playing it repeatedly, said John Martinkus, a journalism teacher at the University of Tasmania and a friend of Ware’s.
Is spread before the eyes
The longest chapter if the Bible is Psalm 119 with 176 verses. The shortest chapter is Psalm 117 with only 2 verses. Incidentally, the middle chapter of the Bible is Psalm 118.
Today’s ceremonial magicians speak of white magic, worked for good intents.
“Site blocked”
We're getting bees this spring, and the first step is to build the hives, which arrived precut in about a thousand pieces. This quickly turned into a family affair even though the bees are my gardening thing.
I cut the the main image with the Circle STAX Die-namics and then used my red multiliner copic pen to draw in the threads of the baseball. Colored up the main image with my copic markers and backed the main image with a larger Circle STAX Die-namics.
Let’s substitute the word “strong” “strength” or “consistent”…in place of contentment and see how if it provides a better understanding…
6. Fill holes in quarter round on stairs (FREE)
Le Batard: “…but Chal, your team…is an impressive 41-12 and…”
mijn eindeloze liefdesdorst.
Preheat oven to 425.
I laid in my bed just wanting to talk to someone. I wanted to just spew words. Not that I really know how to do this.
I'm also prepared for the Timeworn Technique Online Workshop with Andy Skinner (starting next Friday). I think, i've everything together i'll need. Fortunately, the workshop goes two weeks longer....but....i've prepared some secrets to save time and ..hopefully...i can use it (:o)
2008: Selected for the Book Trust Big Picture Campaign
Anwaar: You know that I do not share your views. I know there are flaws in our lives, but I’d be happier if we just accepted it.
So with this Silverstone package these areas were addressed and the initial signs are the car has improved.
Your completed essays on Lord of the Flies are due Friday.
-Jackass clientele is a big hurdle to overcome anytime you’re drinking in JoCo; in fact, it’s generally the biggest hurdle. You’re very likely to be surrounded by preening fauxhawks, loud assholes in frathats (chewing on cigars if they’re outside), or 'woo girls' whose every inane statement is inflected like a question. It can be rough.
Reward them with a note, or email more frequently during these times. Don’t wait for the quarterly HR meetings.
"I looked down
Well unless you want to fill your page with porn pics. Yeah those blogs (which I stumbled on purely by *ahem* accident) often have tens of thousands of followers. And no doubt just as many anonymous ones.
Today is the National Day Of Prayer here in the USA. All over the country groups will be gathering to pray and for many the focus will be spiritual revival and a return to God’s ways. Our country is in desperate need of divine intervention!
This was the sole issue of a proposed pulp magazine series built around the exploits of an extremely evil arch-villain (and, with a few name changes and such, it was also issued as a pulp called The Scorpion). It's a short, rushed-feeling, amazingly gory and gruesome work with writing that's sometimes almost too sloppy to keep the story on track, but which also gets so purple-prosey that it becomes almost poetic. People all over the city are developing strange skin cancers and deformations that turn them into crazed monsters who crave human blood. A kindly doctor who leads triple life (rich layabout Jeffery Fairchild/ compassionate charity-case-tending Dr. Skull/ crime-fighting vigilante The Skull Killer) has to take on the forces of The Octopus before his ultraviolet beams make monsters of everyone in the city. The narrative is very unfocused and full of scattered viewpoints, but it doesn't let up and has a strange morbid urgency to it, like the babbled tale of some madman who's clutching your arm. So, for that, the gore, the historical value, and the brevity (it's more novella than novel) it's well worth checking out.
The Watcher rose to his feet. "Doctor, please..."
And just take a look at what our wonderful Magnolia DT members have made for this challenge. You can find all our blogs on the sidebar and see more gorgeous Magnolia creations! Please take a few minutes to leave them a comment, that sure will be appreciated.
*Visit an art museum or attend an "art in the park" day.
2006: Best New Illustrator, Booktrust Early Years Awards (winner)
IPTV – Mediaset: “We are going to deliver a social TV service by the end of this year”: We speak to Angelo Pettaz… bit.ly/KMX6sr
I just interviewed the
I also sold and gave away some of my decorative plates. Why have so many you can't hang them? Which led me to another long-standing guilt. Why did I buy them in the first place? I would so much rather have that $10 in my pocket.
app.js
Worth: $20 total
Current City: Dallas, TX
Fever and cold kit
(Photo from The Weekly Times)
For this post, I will not publish comments... so have fun and guess away : D
No. of Parking slots : approximately 1,400 slots (68%)
ALSO, I'm completely overwhelmed and very touched by the huge amount of Facebook messages I've got, WOW! I will do my best to answer all of them :)
On the south side of East Broadway, between Canal and Montgomery, stands some of New York's most important Jewish landmarks, from the towering gleam of the Forward Building to a cluster of surviving 1830s rowhouses and tenement synagogues that held the first critical waves of Jewish immigrants in the mid-19th century.
Luck - or the goddess Fortuna - used to be portrayed in art as a woman turning a ever-moving wheel, the Wheel of Fortune, on which people rode from success to failure and from failure to success. Chance, fortune: the fall of the dice, the pattern of the cards, the flip of a coin - down the ages, people have used them in attempts to steer themselves through the multiple possibilities and uncharted waters of the future. Now here's a brilliant YA novel by Nicola Morgan that explores all this. The hero is Jack, a teenager with a double tragedy in his past. His life was changed for ever by a set of freak circumstances, and now he's obsessed by the 'what-if's' and 'if only's' of past and future. If even tiny events may have unpredictably catastrophic results, how can you choose your way? Jack has, he thinks, found the answer. He tosses his lucky coin and allows chance to guide him. But can chance ever be a sure guide?
I Am Invited To A Party. (An Elephant and Piggie Book). Mo Willems. 2007. Hyperion. 64 pages.
And thus do we perpetuate the oppression that’s killing us, and millions of other women.
Ryan Broyles (click name for highlights) - WR – Oklahoma, 5-10, 192 (Did not participate in combine due to injury)
By now you've heard the tragic headlines. A middle-aged woman accidentally drove her van off the side of the Bronx River Parkway yesterday, killing herself and everyone aboard - her parents, her sister, her daughter and two nieces. You may have also read statements by Robert Sinclair, president of the Automobile Club of New York, that the Parkway "lacks modern transportation engineering features" because it was conceived in 1907 and opened in 1925 as "the first limited access multilane highway in the U.S." He went on to complain about the guardrail: "It is very strange that there is a curb there," Sinclair said. "You don't put curbs on high-speed roadways because they can serve as launching pads, which appears to be what happened here. A big Honda Pilot flew over a 4-foot guardrail." The Wall Street Journal found that the State's "Five Percent Report" on the most dangerous roads claimed that the "section needs a 'deceleration lane' and other measures to improve the East 177th Street exit."
I blogged this morning, and finally got that taken care of. CPT woke up around 11 am. He has been getting up so early all week long, that Saturday is his only day to truly sleep in. So I encouraged him to take advantage of Saturday! We had things under control.
Once again, I was impressed by how hard the work is. Dragging kegs around is a young man's game.
Highlights
Apparently I can go by tomorrow after work and he'll have results ready for me then. Oh I'll stop by alright, assuming I'm over the trauma.
You could design a St Paddy's Day card, or use green on your card, alternatively an Irish saying or quote. How about an Irish dancer or a pot of gold with a rainbow, or use the image of a pint of Guinness on your project . . . the choice is endless. Here is how the DT wanted to interpretate the theme . . .
It is time once again to focus on my daughter, finding a job and myself. I need to stop faking health in a blog and start figuring out why I do the shit that I do. I literally hate who I am right now. I hate that I can’t fix me. I hate that I am not worthy of being happy. I hate that happy makes me uncomfortable. I hate that my daughter has anger issues that I am positive she has got from watching me. Right now, unfortunately, I hate most of everything ME!
Coffee is your stress relief. Now prayer is your stress relief. You got to have a cup at work. Say a prayer at work. You keep coffee stocked in the cabinet. Keep your prayer line stocked and ready to rebuke those unGodly things.Prayer is CPR to surviving life and all the unknown it brings for today. For those who are not coffee drinker replace your addiction with prayer.
I use another magical machine that seems to know all of the answers: Google.
I just didn't even have the energy to respond to her. I wanted to crawl back into my bubbly of joy. I didn't tell her that my boys haven't even mentioned college, but if they ever do, I have the confidence that they will be able to achieve whatever it is they set their minds to. I didn't go on to tell her that our choice to unschool was very thoughtFULL. I didn't go on to poke holes in her theory, or explain my beliefs about unschooling. What would be the point.
What value-add strategies can you implement in your product range? Through a process of internal reviews and customer surveys, it is reasonably straightforward to understand why people buy your products and what they use them for. A value-add assessment, however, must throw away internal perceptions based on long-term malaise and instead return to basics:
“Why?” Naida came to a stop and looked at him with a serious expression.
-68.984348, 39.647884
Stir in banana mixture onto the flour, combine well.
Slapper - promiscuous girl.
Where can you find his courage?
so …. his sincere
JUSTIN: Growing up in Detroit, were you influenced by any of the famous Detroit musicians / groups that were around before you left for New York City for college?
Another penny stock tout service, PennyPic.com, — owned by Bright Tech Media Ltd. of Hong Kong — issued an email alert saying Sunpeaks “could be our next multi-bagger.”
According to SteelDrivers bassist and vocalist Mike Fleming, “Cry No Mississippi” will be included on the group’s next album, which they plan to start work on in March. The song is one of several that Nichols brought to the group. He wrote it with John Paul White (best known today as half of the alt-country duo The Civil Wars) and it got a bit of exposure a decade ago when it was recorded by country crooner Andy Griggs. Based on The SteelDrivers’ Grey Fox performance, I’d say it’s a keeper. I particularly like the way Tammy Roger’s harmonies and fiddling match Nichols’ scorching delivery, note for note.
4 oz of butter
After we spent some time outside, it became clear that the kids (and adults) were getting warm. We moved everyone inside for our version of Pin the Tail on the Donkey...only this time it was Pin the Birthday Number on the Minifig. I found a basic black and white outline of a classic minifigure online and had my local print shop enlarge it for me. Using the same Avery round label stickers we used for the water bottles, we made #5 stickers for each child. We wrote their name on the front of the sticker and had them try to get as close the number 5 on the minifig's chest as possible. We had a couple of peekers...but it was all great fun.
Here's how it all went down . . .
Unhelpfully, there is no corresponding Medical Thriller category for the Kindle catalog.
H.R. 4089 does not mandate hunting on National Parks, period. Nowhere can that language be found in the bill. In fact, there is language in the bill that specifies nothing in the bill “requires the opening of national park or national monuments under jurisdiction of the National Park Service to hunting or recreational shooting.”
The walk I took through the Dene started at the entrance at the southern end of Denton Road in Scotswood heading north.
I've tried this welding it at the left sleeve and honestly, there just isn't enough space there to get a solid card, especially because of the bottom of the onesie. It will stand up but it is really better with the weld at the top of the onesie.
do so with truth
"Magic Attraction" is a taupe/lilac tinted holographic released in the Glitter Vixen Collection in 2008. In order to cover all the "nooks and cranny's" I had to apply 3 coats to my thumb, and it was well worth it! So pretty!
It was about 10C / 50F. But the wind was chilly.
tiny pieces of you,
Dole Save $.50/2 fruit cans (5/20)
Pacing: 7
(10) He informed them of a truly sure news that there is a supreme success in the bargain (contract) which the have concluded. And bargain here means that the thing which they shall receive with this price (their lives and properties) is Paradise.
The security industry has been prophesising about mobile malware for a number of years now but until the last six months, they have been seen by some, including DiBona, as crying wolf.
This changes have not rolled out to everyone, but Google says. you can switch it with link in the bottom right corner of your Gmail inbox over the next few days.
Read Dostoevsky's "Crime and Punishment" for more about the consequences of guilt than you every possibly thought you wanted to know.
1/2 cup organic vanilla pudding
I think the mother is right though, about the school would not have passed out Korans or a spell book. It is obvious since the school only passed out one viewpoint. Someone (ahem, the principal) should have included "other" books in the mix and should have been concerned about only one viewpoint being passed out in a public education system.
Well, not that I’m running out of things to talk about on the blog here, I’m not, but I wanted to add another reoccurring feature so that throughout a week, there are a mix of reoccurring features, and completely new stuff. I’m not tying most of it down to a particular day but this one may occur most weeks, and mostly on a wednesday. Or maybe not. It’s just evolution of the blog.
Knowing my creativity needed a boost, I signed up. Two days before it started. Two days. I had no plan, no prompts, no list, no nothing. While my husband wondered what had happened to his real wife, I banged my head on my desk a few times, hoping to shake some sense loose.
Jessica is currently accepting queries via referral only. There is an office rumor that she might open for a month or so at a time later in the year. If that occurs she'll be looking for cozy mysteries, contemporary romance, historical romance, steampunk (romance and otherwise), and a very limited amount of paranormal romance. She's also looking for women's fiction. In nonfiction Jessica is looking for business books only.
For the first time I cooked the bacon on tin foil covered cookie sheets in the oven. Soooo easy, and no mess, along with bacon which came out perfectly. My son takes credit for giving me this tip...but I thought I'd read it on a blog.
Please contact suzie.b@sky.com
Last week I had my one-month follow-up after being off the insulin. About an hour after eating, my glucose registered 88. They drew blood for a fructosamine test and sent that out. Mom called today to get my results: 331. While it’s higher than I was while I was on the insulin, it’s still well below the 500 upper threshold and considered under good control. That means I get to stay off the insulin.
A world where Daddies didn’t leave, and never told their daughters they didn’t really want children after all.
We hope you all enjoyed your Christmas and your waist lines haven't expanded too much and that Santa remembered the odd crafty item or two or three!
but as i thought about possible consequences of not locking my purse while i used ten minutes worth of weights at the gym, instead only covering my purse in my bulky black coat and leaving her to naive notions of safe keeping – after all, a girl with ocd traits has to trust uncertainty from time to time – i very deliberately left my purse, unlocked. and i went to do some sit-ups, leg lifts, bench presses, peck flies and a few other things a neurotic wanna-return-to-dance-30-something does. when i returned, i noticed a recent bank slip almost falling from my purse.
or shrugged undoing
Romans 1:26-28 For this reason God gave them up to dishonorable passions. For their women exchanged natural relations for those that are contrary to nature; and the men likewise gave up natural relations with women and were consumed with passion for one another, men committing shameless acts with men and receiving in themselves the due penalty for their error. And since they did not see fit to acknowledge God, God gave them up to a debased mind to do what ought not to be done.
But from the moment Dizaei hauled Mr al-Baghdadi into Hammersmith police station on charges of assault, I had the severest doubts about his tale.
- Connemara Peated Single Malt
Needless to say every tiny thing has irritated me very irrationally today and if it weren’t for the kids I would have hid or gone to a very large hill and sat there, looked out at the view and cried, and laughed and smiled, remembering dear Debs.
In this future world, monster storms and huge tornadoes rip through communities, forcing people to hide in safe rooms beneath ground. Thirteen-year-old Jaden Meggs is fascinated by the science behind these storms, and is determined to follow in her father’s footsteps figuring out ways to dissipate these life-threatening storms.
Jumping into the issues, while there are other things that are dealt with in the early paragraphs of the judgment, the nub of the dispute concerns the assessment of damages, and so it is to this issue that we turn.
The Rowing Fisherman Routine is a little easier to learn than Tai Chi forms because the Wand or pole provides a reliable and consistent method of positioning the hands.
The two main areas that we needed to focus on were the kitchen and the downstairs living area. The kitchen because it was just out of date (and had a horrendous clear acrylic with gravel inlaid countertop) and we needed/wanted more room. The downstairs living area because there had been some moisture damage, the walls were covered with circa 1969 wood paneling, and because the flow of the space was not very good in general.
Now here comes the important bit, casting the leads. Who plays Elizabeth Barrett and Robert Browning can make or break your film. I’ve given this a lot of thought.
Write the book editor of regional and national papers, email them too.
I also worked a lot of overtime this week. Any extra money from my paycheck I want to apply to my school loans. I'm sick of them! It's going on seven years now and I'm ready for it to be done so I can start putting that money to better use.
But then something very strange indeed happened!
As both Puri and Tara are thrust out into the world – Puri when he leaves Lahore in search of a job; Tara when she is abducted by a Muslim man after escaping from Sahni’s house on the night of her wedding – they are forced to bear the violence and derangement of Partition upon their bodies and then, finding themselves still alive, decide what to make of their battered selves. Although it appears for the longest time that Puri, with his idealism, his love of language, his political vision and his diligence, is the book’s hero, we see him gradually sinking, over a thousand pages, under the weight of his own worldly power in the new Indian republic and somewhat insecure masculinity – an unforgettable narrative arc. Revealingly, it is his involvement with the Indian National Congress that gradually leaches the idealism from Puri.
Matt Ward ... Rodney Freeman
That last part is something we’ll discuss more in Part 2. Stay tuned…
Caught! By my marketing intern with a run away camera.
Exhaustion, depression, he took away a future of dreams, of hope
Then the morning sickness never went away....and the slow process on the room got even slower.....
Detected above packages that depend on VRTSob. Please
Who will step up?
LABOUR: VAT pie pasty sausage roll, chicken tikka slice. Pasty pasty pasty pie sausage roll Greggs!
After that, they played another new song. Again, nobody knows what song it was. Followed then by another new song which became my favorite among the othersongs. Luckily, my friend... the great Esthero recorded that song. Without further ado, here is the new song that we will probably listen from the upcoming EP, '무너져' (Broken),
Privatbrauerei Franz Inselkammer KG / Brauerei Aying Ayinger Ur-Weisse
07. I've Been Searching So Long 4:42
I also found the journey of self-discovery that secondary characters Will and Bill the Krill went on to be thought provoking and intensely funny.
There are times when ALEC is copied word for word, such as in a Florida resolution introduced in November urging Congress to reduce the corporate tax rate. In fact, it was copied so precisely that ALEC’s mission statement was also included by mistake (the statement was removed the next day).
The Affair by Lee Child
So the mornings are spent violating many of the child's fundamental choices, such as sleep, food, appearance, and input into their own lives - choices that we as adults take for granted for ourselves - so they can get to a place on time which they may not want to go to in the first place. That's sad. But the evenings are worse.
Don’t get me wrong, temptation is always going to be around… especially at work when my co-workers bring in buffalo chicken dip for everyone.
Guess that means that my identity and destiny—and yours—are rooted in God. When we come back in relationship with him, we can say good-bye to a prairie chicken existence.
The nature of news itself helps sustain a climate of fear: stories of child abductions or murders in distant countries are flashed instantly round the globe, heightening the appearance of a dangerous, threatening world, even though the statistical likelihood of a child becoming a crime victim is extremely small. Products and services are sold through campaigns that heighten fear. In some suburbs gated communities have been built, which in their very design imply that the normal state of mind outside the gate is fear, which can only be absent when the ordinary world is shut out.
8 Medium pears, peeled, cored, and cut lengthwise into ½ inch slices
First off! Its My hubby's Birthday!!! 24! I love you babe so much and can't believe its been another great year already!
It’ll really shake off that kind of sluggish despair that only an essay crisis can induce, and hopefully get rid of any mental blockages.
Papers: Provocraft, Neenah cardstock, Georgia Pacific cardstock
People do stupid things when they’re in “love”. I put love in quotation marks because it doesn’t seem like love to me, but obviously it does to them.
My one problem with Wesleyan was that they didn’t have and engineering program for the undergraduate students. They was a program for architecture which was great seeing how I may want to pursue that for a career path. But the lack of an engineering program was a little discouraging. It was discouraging because I am really interested in the subject and in all other cases the school is perfect. Now I have to choose between going to Wesleyan and Lehigh (Lehigh has a very good engineering program and is well known).
As evidence of this change, Rive said that after 40 percent growth in this recessionary year, he expects Solarcity’s business to grow by 250 percent next year. This despite his belief that reduction in solar rebates will swallow any efficiency-led decreases in price.
Jackie picked up the ringing phone.
Zaoli, Elnour, Gar and Manon were remanded in custody until Friday when they were expected to seek bail. Their co-accused were expected to apply for bail in a children's court on the same day.
But you know, we ad people put very little value on the history of our business and we know very little about what got us here. Doctors study the history of medicine going back to Hippocrates; lawyers memorize the Magna Carta. The only thing we know about our history is who did the dancing monkey spot in the 2008 Super Bowl.
Read and observe the guidelines. I know this should be quite an obvious one but not going over word limits and formatting your story as you’ve been asked are really important. Those guidelines are there for a reason and if you don’t take them seriously then why would a judge or editor take your story seriously? (Hint: they probably won’t!)
Foster Wheeler AG – Key Competitors 16
A true “stimulus” to the economy would be to relax much of these regulations and allow entrepreneurs and business owners to spend their capital on expansion and product innovation, rather than conforming to the obligations of some bureaucratic scheme. That’s not to say scrap all federal oversight, but the way things operate now, agencies are encouraged to brainstorm new policies without taking into account how they would negatively impact the economy.
I would have said Hey!! Hey, but the voice, the delivery, the feeling, the *music*? Do you need to understand words to understand that?!, if two other things hadn’t struck me at the same time. How new it must have been, to my friend, to hear unintelligible words, and how disturbing, to have them imposed on him on national radio. So much for the “universal” language of music. For a second, I forgot that much of it comes complete with lyrics, and that lyrics come in tongues.
Black Eyed Peas with Smoked Turkey
First stop pig, sheep, pony food and more wood shavings for the chickens. Then the garden centre. I realised that so late in the year I was going to have to cheat slightly and buy seedings if I could get any and check out the seed packets in general for any that said I still had time to sow.
win! This giveaway is only open to U.S. and Canada citizens. Deadline is June 1 and announced on June 2. If you are the winner, contact Dorothy Thompson at thewriterslife (at) gmail.com or Tracee Gleichner at tgleichner (at) gmail.com. You have 48 hours to reply. If we do not hear from you in 48 hours, another winner will be selected. Thanks and good luck!
Got it?? Good :)
Preheat oven to 220C (400F).
I do believe that the Bible has some good stories and some good lessons to teach, just as I believe about many religions. I believe that it shows a unique look at a society (or a religious history, for the Jewish people, if you are looking at the Old Testament) and it must be read in the context of its time, as a form of history. (Something even my mother who, unlike my father, can be a bit of a Biblical literalist, freely admitted in a conversation with me last night).
In an instant, the gun was out of his pants and he was taking aim.
Problems may arise with derived functions, however, i.e. other functions that derive their visual display from the definition of another function. A graphical Marker function is a perfect example. The Marker is an artist-generated, interactive graphic asset that is constrained to the path of another function. If domain values exist for which there is not a unique range value, then Marker movement is unpredictable.
Not so dark that I couldn't see, just... dim. Not bright. It wasn't just the flickering florescents, either. The tiles were a dark pre-stressed terra-cotta color, instead of the medicinal light gray of the other bathroom, and it made the stainless steel stalls look sinister (OK, alltogether now, say, "Sinister stainless steel stalls" 5 times fast).
- Salt and pepper both sides of the steak
We were rummaging through the book shelves earlier in search of a particular recipe when we came across Farmhouse Fare – Recipes from Country Housewives Collected by The Farmers Weekly. Like the found photo albums I blogged about a couple of days ago old recipe books open a door to other lives and past concerns. The Prawn Cocktail Years (1997) by Simon Hopkinson explores old recipes as social history in a self conscious but enjoyable way and creates a framework of particular food settings that were the height of fashion at points in post-war British history. The Fifties Hotel Dining Room, The Sixties Bistro, The Continental Restaurant, each location has accompanying recipes and amusing social history. We love recipe books that function both as a good read and a blueprint for making food (friendly wave to Elizabeth David and Jane Grigson) and The Prawn Cocktail Years is such a book, excellent as a bedside book and a good companion in the kitchen.
Rabid.
And this doesn’t really fit in here, but I have to make you hungry, you know. We finally made it to the Matthews Community Farmers’ Market this morning, so it seemed appropriate for Miss Chef to work on her omelet skills again.
What are your Christmas passions this year?
So my question is... Aside from Stanford, where are the best/most knowledgeable pediatric neurologists in California? I'm willing to take this to southern California too. I am trying to tap into the knowledge of my friends out there who might have knowledge of these sorts of things. Please put your feelers out and spread the word. Ricky is going to high school this fall. He can't keep dealing with this stuff! We need to find an answer!
Boots: Coach
S. Chrysostom again (Hom. 17 in Ep. ad Rom.) says: “Just as boys in play put on each other’s heads crowns of hay, and often laugh behind his back at the boy they have crowned, so too do those who speak you fair to your face jeer at you quietly among themselves. What else is this but placing crowns of hay on each other’s heads? Would or were nothing else but hay! But as it is, this crown of ours is full of warning to us, for it destroys all that we have rightly done. Consider, then, its value; flee from the loss it entails. For if there are a hundred, or a thousand, or a host without number to applaud you, yet all of them are nothing more than chattering jackdaws. Nay, if you but think of the cloud of angel-witnesses they will seem viler than worms, and their words more flimsy than cobwebs, more fleeting than smoke, or than a dream of the night. Say to thy soul what Paul said, ‘Knowest thou not that we shall judge angels?’ Then call it away from such a feast, and chide it, and say, ‘Dost thou that art to sit in judgment on angels wish to be judged by such unclean spirits?’
contain deep truths, predict wonderful occurrences, include the
Here's a post 'specially for those who have been wanting to know if I'm still making minis!
Delilah S. Dawson’s darkly tempting debut drops her unsuspecting heroine into a strange faraway land for a romantic adventure that’s part paranormal, part steampunk . . . and completely irresistible.
Of the Milky Way,
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, oats, brown sugar, baking powder and salt.
“I don’t remember ever having asked for Mr Ashby’s number,” he said.
-Anonymous
Here’s a naive question. The article seemed to imply that you might be able to construct an interaction Lagrangian between fermions and bosons in Riemannian 4-dimensional space by treating both as quaternions, and just multiplying them in the quaternionic way. But don’t you need a scalar for the Lagrangian?"
The complete video footage of Brandon Sanderson’s 2012 creative writing class at Brigham Young University.
First Campaigner Challenge
Alan: Make paper and soap.
2 stranger
2/3 cup milk
Tonight we had a carjacking of epic proportions. How smart do you have to be to steal a taxi in a town that has exactly 2 taxi cabs total for the whole area? Someone was dumb enough to carjack a taxi and drive out on a dirt road toward the mountains (big party spot). The officers were not able to find the vehicle but im sure in the next couple days the vehicle will be found trashed somewhere in the desert. I hope the person who stole it is stranded 5-6 hours out in the desert.
It's all good. Really. As long as I keep eating pasta, things will come together on their own. Right? Right. I thought so.
95g Butter
Remember when everyone used to send thank you notes whenever a gift was given? When I was growing up, my mom made me write thank you notes to my grandparents, aunts and uncles for birthday and Christmas presents. Why have those days seemingly disappeared? Nowadays, people send impersonal emails if at all. I have even experienced this lack of etiquette when it comes to weddings and showers. What has the world come to if we disregard simple manors.
In the event that will not operate for you, after that you’ll be able to commence trying to find free of charge on-line sites, that may provide you with a few info (which could possibly be inaccurate almost all of the time period due to the fact they can be utilizing out-of-date data).
Now, we may not know each other very well, but lets be serious...I am going for the Obsessed level (reading 20 e-books in a year). Do I think I can do it?! UH, Yeah!
My name’s Brianna. I’ve created Tainted Picture for myself and others to share their views on things, events, and overall change. The name seemed to fit what I plan to have here because I think everyone has their own picture and each is tainted in its own way. Not that there’s something wrong and bad in their picture or view, etc just that its different. Tainted shades/different shades.
I have long thought there is a finite amount of baby clothes in the universe. Yes, there's always new stuff to buy, but as soon as that happens, some raggedy onesie goes off to the big crib in the sky. Further, I think the passing of baby clothes around from old parents to new parents is a rite of passage for all of us.
I love life.... (something my mother always says :)
Then comes probably my most favorite of all - this layout of Vinny. I have been holding these pictures out to find just the right papers to really work and the Monster collection from Nikki Sivils was perfect - it was love at first sight!
8) Skip hotel breakfasts. Since hotel rates are already exorbitant given the constant demand in Paris, save the additional costs of having breakfast in the hotel. Go to one of the bistros and buy yourself a croissant (a flaky puff pastry) or pain au chocolate (puff pastry with bits of chocolate in the centre) with un café. This should set you back by a few euros opposed to the €10-20 breakfast you would have to pay for in hotels. If weather permits, consider sitting in one of the parks or along the river Seine and have a morning picnic.
HOW TO STOP DIGGING
155 – Brad Morgan (2-0) def. Christopher Boisvert (2-3) via TKO (arm injury) at 4:55 of Round 1.
so one crazy guy in florida shoots his pregnant daughter , and goes to boston to kill more people. and another crazy guy leaves boston for florida and shoots his pregnant girlfriend, or says he shot her.is this how the universe evens out criminals.they will both probably end up in jail here ,if there is enough room .if a jury decides to convict them…
A call to arms to save the great British boozer and a celebration of all that is true about pubs. Namely that pubs are dumpy shit holes full of reprobates and criminals getting pissed and having fights. A true honest to goodness celebration of pubs without crap about “responsible controlled environments”. I love it to bits.
Going on dinner dates that could potentially end up in bed are great – but sometimes that dinner can make a girl self-conscious about her stomach.
Wow! It's finally sinking in that the big push to get the first round of packing, the major cleaning, and all that other fun stuff is over! I can breathe a little easier, spend a little more time focusing on non-move related items. Don't get me wrong, my stress level is still waaaaay up there, I think it will be until we sell and move. I'm continually reminding myself of all the reasons why we're putting ourselves through this. But, with the stuff inside my control being done, I am turning my attention to revamping some of the systems I have in place right now. If anything good came from that frantic rush to do everything, aside from making our home ready for sale, it was that I found many things that just weren't working. And, being the dork that I am, I took notes! I kid you not, I would actually stop what I was doing to note a problem area or an idea. A little on the compulsive side, but I didn't want to forget anything, and if I hadn't I probably would have.
On September 6, 2011, Mark Yarm published the book Everybody Loves Our Town: An Oral History of Grunge. I read it and loved it, and it left me thinking about my ’90s youth, the music that spilled out of old Seattle, and also, about Vasquez. I spun a bunch of his records and thought about how his music seemed to have so much potential for wider appreciation, if not on the scale of his Seattle contemporaries, then at least an appeal wide enough to have elevated him beyond the status of “tragically overlooked local legend.” But there are those musicians who just want to write music and be left alone. They enjoy the creative process for its own intrinsic rewards and don’t want to perform publically, or make money from their art, or even involve themselves in the commercial aspects of being in a band. You have to respect that. Touring, booking, dealing with club owners, record labels and royalties – from all reports, it sounds grating. Maybe Vasquez is that type of musician. Or maybe he was self-sabotaging. Maybe he just needed a little outside push to get him going, or maybe he pushed too many people away. It’s all speculation, yet the record is indisputable: during the early ’90s, while fellow Northwesterners such as Nirvana, Mudhoney and Soundgarden appeared on innumerable magazine covers, released albums on major labels and graduated to the large concert stages and world tours that defined their mid-90s careers, Vasquez remained in Seattle, playing the occasional local venue, pressing small runs of seven-inches, and working odd jobs. Which is where he remains today: as talented as ever, and just as invisible.
Remind your child that, if the adult still does not listen, it is not his or her fault, but to keep asking until someone does something to fix the problem. Tell your child to please always tell you whenever she or he has a problem with anyone anywhere anytime. Ultimately, it is the responsibility of adults to create safe environments for the children in their lives and to be good role-models for our children by acting as their advocates in powerful respectful ways.
In Nechtan’s second decade as king, centres for carving the sophisticated new imagery sprang up everywhere: in Angus there is a cluster of class II stones (Meigle, Aberlemno, Brechin); the new religion took hold at centres around the Moray Firth: at Rosemarkie – a former Peterkirk – and at Kineddar-Spynie near the great Elgin stronghold of Duffus which also had its own Peterkirk. There at least 26 fragmentary slabs have been found. An equal number were found at Tarbat-on-Beauly within monastic walls.
Si priet Deu que pareïs li dunget
6. What has been your biggest accomplishment?
Do you want to succeed? Most of us do, but how?
This week again 'anything goes' and we have two fab prizes
We're sorry, Mario, but our princess is in another castle being played by a temp and Bowser is now Cap'n Crunch, the Goombahs are represented by little meatball-looking whatevers over there, the dragon from "Dragon's Lair" is around for some reason and we're not quite sure what that goat/sheep thing is in the back there... and hey, aren't you supposed to be wearing a red plumber suit? And why are you holding a carrot?
Every year Buffalo Trace releases their Experimental Collection: 375 ml bottles of some wacky experiment (or in one case some old barrels they found). When they first came out, these things were impossible to get and, though priced around $45 in Kentucky, often went for $200 in California. Lately, it seems they have been a bit more reasonable and a bit more available (though they are by no means plentiful). A friend shared with me some of the latest release which was announced in December and hit shelves earlier this year.
meeting THREE nieces that have been born since i have lived in the west...one that was JUST born on sunday!
A lower court has sided with the commission, generating an appeals process. I hope, as a gay marriage supporter, that this commission’s infringement on the conscience of a photographer is quickly overturned. It is not good for the gay rights movement to be seen as forcing religious people to participate in gay gatherings or civil union ceremonies, and it is not good for civil liberties and the protection of conscience.
*R(*Q&*JCKA*(@&( drool *(@*(*$*( drool
AAM: Because the progression usually will be that you will emerge—it is not that it is not possible, understand that, but—that you will move through the angelic realm back to sheer light within One.
If one is not considering the very real possibility of civil war and mass genocide in South Africa as first priority on the agenda of the long-term dreams an ideals of secession and self-determination one does not deserve to be called a leader. A leader's first priority and primary responsibility is the health, well-being and safety of his followers. Only thereafter comes the ideals of wealth, progress, growth and prosperity. One cannot promise any of the latter without first having taken care of the priority responsibilities.
You know how sometimes the best pictures, your favorite pictures aren't the ones where everyone has their best 'cheese fries' face on. It is the grumpy faces, the funny faces, the unexpected true laughing pictures - those are the life pictures.
No, it's not for me (even though it is my 30th today - where's my cash?). This is a belated birthday post for my friend Dougie, who hid from me the fact it was his birthday earlier this month so I let it pass without so much as a text.
Cinderella’s magic only lasts until midnight when all bets are off. She runs away believing her dream is dead.
Pictures and updates to come soon.
If the issue is nudity - oh please, all the children on the trip have seen their own naked bodies, and most likely that of their siblings and parents too. PLEASE let nudity not be the issue. If children of 5 and 6 are to be taught that there is something embarrassing, shameful or "inappropriate" about the human body, we are setting them up for major problems in life.
A comedian to make me laugh,
b. Acknowledge that you are an elite member of Paralegal Seal Team Six and you WILL get this job done, and not just done right, but in a truly impressive fashion; and
The point to note is that the words mean different things now than they did in the Vedas. Take a look at these links and you will observe what I mean.
Let me know if I have overlooked anything or if you have any suggestions. Thanks to all of you who will make this a smashing success.
The cake's bottom layer is very buttery, biscuity, dense, crumbly and a little too sweet for my liking but you can reduce the sugar. Then comes the soft and moist textured cake with crispy nuts on top. It's a very flavourful and festive cake. Not a fancy one but with a rustic charm that can be achieved only by family hand-me-downs recipes. And the best part is, this cake is very easy to put together!
Band of Brothers DVD set (2001, various directors; created by Spielberg, Tom Hanks and Erik Jendresen)
And I am hopeful, I know we the people have the ultimate power. I know it is merely a matter for us to realise this fact, to seize that power, to ultimately create a better world. A world built on truth, justice and ultimately peace.
-Paint (optional)
In touch with beauty to enrich the heart,
What this means is that there are two registers of existence: the worldly one in which rewards and punishment are meted out on the basis of what people visibly do; and another one, inaccessible to mortal vision, in which damnation and/or salvation are distributed, as far as we can see, randomly and even capriciously. It is, says Mattie in a reflection that does not make it into either movie, a `hard doctrine running contrary to the earthly ideals of fair play' (that’s putting it mildly), and she glosses that hard doctrine — heavenly favor does not depend on anything we do — with a reference to II Timothy 1:9, which celebrates the power of the God 'Who hath saved us, and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in Christ Jesus before the world began.'"
I never said anything about violence. I said what I would do personally if my family was involved, and I meant every single word of it….Do I regret saying it? No, I don’t regret saying it. Would I do it? Yes I would.
Axelrod: he’s an idiot
Nonetheless, experimental manipulations in studies 2 to 4 elicited analytic thinking by having participants perform one task or another (looking at pictures or unscrambling sentences) before rating their religious beliefs. Although unlikely, it is conceivable that the act of performing any task—not just tasks known to elicit analytic cognitive tendencies—may decrease religious belief.
And so what do they want? Oh, you know, what do these fuckwits always want? That's right : legislation. Ledge-ish-fucking-lay-shun.
Grains of the golden sand-
Your typical personal characteristics are: the ability to demonstrate to others what you have learned or envisioned, to disseminate ideas, to participate in social-religious movements and to fight for what you see as the right, to be a crusader and a disciple; negatively, to become lost in social or moral fights, to develop mental confusion or fanaticism.
★ Concert date and location: 11/12/3 to 11/12/4 at Seoul Olympic Stadium
Oh, I'm doing my Article of Faith Scavenger Hunt this Saturday and have made a few changes. I will post my updated activity as soon as our internet is working and when the activity is done. :)
We got to be at the orphanage almost the whole day. We got there around 9:30 and we got to stay until around 4:00. So we packed some bottled waters, and some lunch food - yes, granola bars and trail mix were the lunch food. And we were so busy with the boys we had to remind ourselves to eat even that.
I’ve learned a lot about anger, and I’ve had to admit there are other ways to deal with my anger at my dad besides shooting his balls off, though once in a while, I admit it is a somewhat satisfying visualization.
I shook hands with the sales agent and he left. It was 4:30 PM.
I complained to my provider
Low number two.
For Barbara Barry Citrine Tea Syrup, you will need 1/4 cup Citrine Tea by Barbara Barry; the zest and juice of 1 lemons. In a small sauce pan, combine tea leaves and lemon zest and juice with 1 cup sugar and 1 1/2 cups water; bring to a boil, let the sugar dissolve, and remove the pan from the heat. Let liquid cool; strain through a fine sieve. Use about 2 teaspoons of syrup per flute of champagne.
The Italian had said that the title race was over, insisting United would win the league regardless of their defeat to Wigan and draw with Everton, and the 26-year-old admits that it took some pressure off the team.
For starters, I pulled my calf last week. I’m not sure if it was the hills I added to my long run, my pace run, or something I did running the crazy obstacle course we call a Hash House Harrier run, but somewhere along the line my lower calf became very painful. The location was about 4 inches above my heel to the outer side of my Achilles, so the lower part of my Soleus.
- Complete eclipse.ini content:
"He saw a deer and somehow managed to wriggle out of his collar. He ran off into the neighbor's yard."
Every. single. problem that one could encounter with an adoption homestudy and dossier...we have encountered. It has been an agonizing process. My heart feels like a cold angry little stone. I can't even cry over each new obstacle. I have to remind myself daily that God has a plan for us and for Mr. Dimple. And I hope that plan is that we get to be together.
Where – Clerkenwell, Clerkenwell Road, EC1
Other computers are also issued this year was the Epson HX-20. This product actually began to be developed in 1981, but its launch has just been implemented in 1983. Computers that fall into this category of handheld computers using the full keyboard with 68 keys, batteries, nickel cadmium (NiCD) rechargeable, dot-matrix LCD screen with a resolution of 120 x 32 pixels. This screen capable of displaying four lines with each line containing 20 characters. In addition, there are MS-BASIC and RAM as much as 16 kibibyte which can be enlarged to 32 kibibyte.
Cantor: Obama is hostile to coal - who
One trend identified by the cybersecurity firm was that cyberattackers have become more discerning about their choice of target when launching an attack and spend less time attacking large organizations. Attacks have struck organizations of all sizes and all types of personnel. Data breaches are up, and attackers have shown more interest in mobile devices.
If you find yourself in this situation, get to the floor as quickly as possible. Drop, cover, and hold—and get away from the ladder if you can, since it’s essentially guaranteed to fall over. It may feel silly to do this, but it’s not a bad idea to pull a cushion off the couch or pile a couple of pillows and blankets next to you whenever you get on a ladder—giving
IF: “What the f##k is Dylan for the Deaf then?”
Even with the obviously deteriorating situation with the enemy pushing deeper into American territory everyday David took solace in that the Great Leader up in Washington would set aside part of his valuable time each day to broadcast assurances that final victory would belong to the glorious American people. Being a Prime, David also felt compelled to show the proper level faith in the soldiers fighting the battles to save the nation even though the army ranks were largely made up of worker and underdeveloped citizen classes.
Simply put:
Kettle bell went good today. By good I mean it was the first day I thought I might barf during class. I didn't though. We do stations in KB class. Usually we have 30 seconds rest between each station. Today we had 15 seconds and the stations were 2 minutes long. Rx for puking if you ask me.
?Ionizer enriches mist for fresher air
Mrs Speckledy and Mrs Blackrock are, however, very partial to ants and the teeny tiny slugs to be found in the soil, so do make sure to get some of their ilk to rake over your earth come the winter - but remember to shut them out again in the spring because they do like scuffling up seeds and plants as well.
Just how successful was it? Your 102 entries have generated 28,531 hits, and 10,228 visitors!
Here’s how it should look. Enjoy!!!
Although set in Paris, the film is blessedly free of the usual tourist fantasia -- shots of the Eiffel Tower out every window -- and indeed many of the most memorable moments are on studio sets. The sequence where Hepburn arrives back to her marital home, early on, to find it stripped bare of every possession is both dramatically powerful and visually striking, with Hepburn becoming increasingly frantic as she runs from room to room. The scenes in Hepburn's hotel are equally clever: Donen makes much play with the ways in which the characters move from one room to another within the establishment (it occasionally reminded me of the precise mapping of space in another Hepburn film, Breakfast at Tiffany's).
Look around you. The seeds of ideas lurk in the office, on the job site, in the break room and on the road. All you need to do is tuck them away and plant them in your writing field.
Somewhere in the corner of my heart I was so sure
So here is my routine, if in fact he gets in the bed before me and passes out into a deep slumber.
The deal will include Griffin’s first officially licensed NFL and NFL PLAYERS trading cards as well as his first licensed autographed trading cards.
The next three layouts are made from an older paper line from SEI, Dill Blossom.
As I watched the line progress slowly down the aisle, each person taking great care in placing a flower on Kristi’s memorial cross, I thought of simpler times. Happier times. When we were little and she was still alive. We shouldn’t have all been gathered there to mourn someone so young and so full of life. She wasn’t ready to go. She had plans. She was going to make something of herself. And yet…
Well, thanks for stopping by and hope you like my projects!
Kugel's experience of the modern world provides plenty of genuine belly laughs whether that be the American obsession with getting bigger and bigger cars ("it was no longer a matter of keeping up with the Joneses; it was a mater of not getting crushed by them") or the increasing fad of foods free of one harmful thing or another, and somehow being more expensive as a result, conjuring a nightmare scenario when followed through to its logical conclusion:
I can not believe in anything that doesn’t exist like ‘ God” if super powers are what we are talking of then I can a name a whole pantheon of superheroes who are more real to us than some non entity that lives in an abyss . I would rather respect Nature for that matter.
They are as innocent as the day is long, according to the solicitor general’s office.
We also invite you to link up your own uplifting messages;
Karl: do you think Puerto Ricans
On the other hand, liberals believe in communitarianism, where society steps in and protects us from the ravages of life and the market, especially the most vulnerable of us. They’re all about the safety net. That’s why Barack Obama, whose main goal in life seems to be to utterly eviscerate the US safety net, cannot possibly be a liberal in any way, shape or form.
The quiet was deafening.
Oh, my God, you can't believe it's happening again
¾ cup of cayenne
“The economy has really thwarted a lot of those kinds of initiatives,” he says.
Removing the lid reveals a plastic seal that can be torn away.
When you took the call
Memory Makers - Tiny Alphas, mixed ledger
It was a small step between an idea and a beginning. It was an adjustment to his thinking. But that small step became the most important one.
I put mine in the sun room, which gets plenty of sun but also is terribly cold at night and on cold winter days. I worried that it was too cold to force growth and that I would rot the bulb by watering it in such cold weather. But, my worries were for naught. About a month after I planted the bulb, I was rewarded with beautiful green growth.
People ask about my obsession with studying National Socialism and the European Hard Right from their point of view.
2. Shailene Woodley, The Descendants – A big bias of the Academy is against younger people. Shailene Woodley was phenomenal in The Descendants and a girl with troubled relationship with her mother who is now going to die. That’s a lot of shit to negotiate and Woodley does in the way you’d expect a smart, capable, but kind of fucked-up girl to.
Much of humanity is suffering at this time because of persecution. This persecution not only consists of poverty and lack of money but hunger of spirit.
No less exciting were the subtle dynamics and sensitive phrasing shown by the surprisingly mature singers. Limited Edition wowed us with their tight harmonies and sincere delivery of the Sara Bareilles tune “Kaleidoscope Heart.” Likewise, OneVoice delivered an emotional and nuanced rendition of “Freebird.”
Of course there is a catch. To get rush tickets you have to do a jig outside in a bear or clown costume.
I recall a very windy, blustery day at St. James’ C of E and most of us children were wearing snorkel Parker jackets. Mine was blue with an orange lining and grey fur on the snorkel. All of us had inverted the jacket over our heads and the wind was dragging us from off the benches we had stood on. It was like a foot high parachute jump. We did it all break. It was so miserable and wet. We used to huddle under the only shelter available to us there. I remember Karen Williamson rejecting me for Jason in Mrs Corrie’s class. How odd. I remember a tree with some purple velvety flowers on it in spring or autumn. I sat next to Andrea Thew in Mrs Dyson’s class. I always got lines from her. No matter what I did I got given lines which I had to do at break. I was never a bad child. I remember very little about Mrs Bellamy’s class. She was a good teacher. Nice, not like Mrs Dyson. I remember Colin Maltby fainted in her class. I also remember fancying a girl who was in the next classroom and in the final year. Tracey somebody, not Burnsall as she was in cousin Robert’s year.
Your Munchily
And so..
You slept with your bed raised up on a few bricks so that when the Tokoloshe comes at night, he could move freely around your room without knocking his head against any object. For those that know this superstition will know it is a small mystical hairy thing that looks like a psychotic angry little bear and catches you at night. But if he knocks his head against your bed, you are going to get this menace all over you and he has a temper like no other on earth. Stop laughing, I’m dead serious!
Here's how to throw a birthday party for the under-six set, a la francaise.
You are with me always,
Actual observations have confirmed underestimation of pace for climate change.
You can give everyone healthcare if you can find any practicing doctors. We'll continue to believe healthcare is a luxury and not a right. We'll keep "The Battle Hymn of the Republic" and the National Anthem. I'm sure you'll be happy to substitute " Imagine", "I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing", "Kum Ba Ya" or "We Are the World".
Here we’ve mixed up all the meat, herbs and spices, and portioned out the burgers into 5oz-6oz portions. I’ve also set aside four more pre-formed burgers that I put in the freezer for the next time I want some turkey burgers.
It was lambs tongue, wondrously tender with its trademark slight resistance. On top was a pile of cabbage and pico de gallo salsa, but the trail of chicharrón deep-fried pork crackling was another highlight.
"Fluoride toothpaste contributes to the risk for enamel fluorosis because the swallowing reflex of children aged less than 6 years is not always well controlled, particularly among children aged less than 3 years. Children are also known to swallow toothpaste deliberately when they like its taste. A child-sized toothbrush covered with a full strip of toothpaste holds approximately
I will forever cling to the memories of:
“I followed this passage from my doctor’s office.” she muttered her excuse.
It's been almost two years since I was elected president of my chapter. This time in my life was incredibly special and the entirety of my experience truly shaped the woman I am today. However, when I think back to the day I was elected there is very little I remember - I was scared and nervous, and excited - and yet one piece of that day remains very clear and distinct in my mind. In waiting to hear the results of the election, what must have been only a few minutes felt completely infinite, as if I was waiting for hours. I had made myself vulnerable to my chapter sisters, for what truly was the first time. In waiting to hear the news I was on the verge of tears - in my 20 years I had never had much success with stuff like this. Then without thought or hesitation, one of my sisters reached out and took my hand. Whether she voted for me or not - I didn't know, and I didn't really care - because I knew something much more important. She was there for me, and no matter what decision had been made by the chapter, that wouldn't change. Without saying a word the touch of her hand told me that I didn't have to be afraid or nervous alone.
encounter will be over, fear that I'll explode.... It's a long list,
If not then have your spanking and
1960s: John Christopher’s The White Mountains: The genre is more thick with possible titles once we hit this decade, and I have a soft spot for Anthony Burgess’ A Clockwork Orange, but I think that it is wise to introduce the YA dystopia that is now the thing in YA lit. with one of the standout, best-sellers from the past. Having reread this recently, I can’t say I love it as much as I recall loving it as a boy, but the adventure-driven plot, with its medieval furniture and vaguely defined/understood bad guys (tripods? what?) would work make for an interesting teaching text. The relative lack of political insight or how things work day-to-day in this world is a stark contrast to the more full explained (realized?) texts that preceded it on this list.
Mr. Tango Collins (after having cornered Ms. Tango Lizzie even though she has been avoiding his cabeceo gaze all night): Wanna dance?
I also love the floating leaves. Okay so I don't really see the leaves as being significant to the story but they look so pretty and I love it.
This week has been the busiest week of the year so far. With the Harvest Jazz and Blues Festival, every hotel, motel, bed and breakfast, and hostel in the city and surrounding area was booked solid.
Sugar Cookie Cupcakes
So why so interesting? They're the most common eukaryotic genetic lab subject and were important for scientists to figure out how chromosomes worked. With a generation of 10 days, they are ideal for studying how genes are passed. That paired along with the fact that they're easy to maintain makes them ideal candidates. They've helped people discover all sorts of cool things like how genes on the same chromosome interact, how dominant and recessive genes interact, etc. A lot of the first tests looked at differences wing shapes, eye colors and that sort of thing. If you've ever taken biology, you know them. If you were a biology major, you know them really well.
Published by Little, Brown and Company
There are people who have a wide spectrum of talent -- more than one great talent. Here's an example.
"I have but one desire now–to live a life of reckless abandon, putting all my energy and strength into it." –Ed McCully, Missionary Martyr
D. The Pleasures Of The Lord vs. 11
We're told these products are good because they introduce new consumers to the whiskey category, though it's more likely that most of these consumers have already rejected whiskey and this is their alternative.
1/5
Friday night saw me sitting at the dining room table, wine glass in one hand, glue gun in the other watching Game of Thrones with Mr Mack, but I did it!
It’s mainly key that your carriage or but player that your hears what it is chief to say, and always lower vocal disturbance. Still, tongued from a native look translates to others strength concentrate in the growth.
Background of the agreement
One of the first Acts of Parliament I ever had to study was the Crown Proceedings (Armed Forces) Act 1987, which cropped up whilst I was revising my course notes for my Engineering Officer Training (Part 1) exams in the RAF in 1988. Although I’ve given the link, don’t bother looking it up – it merely repeals, subject to conditions, section 10 of the Crown Proceedings Act 1947. At the risk of sounding like an old fart, in the “old days” before internet, I could not look up the 1947 Act, so I skipped over those part of the notes. I wonder how many of my peers, who may by now be in senior ranks in the RAF, did the same?
ConservativeIntellectual.com
Thin Mint: taste of Thin Mints, the Girl Scouts’ top-selling cookie, paired with additional dark chocolate, mint chocolate creme, and those airy crispies from a Nestlé Crunch bar.
our babies arrived not by stork
One thing that has puzzled me throughout our tenancy and prospective tenancy (ranging from Class B to Class A buildings) is this: Building owners and managers often lack a communications strategy to retain existing tenants or attract new ones.
In my lifetime, I have been to the gynecologist a total of two times. For someone who is 25 years old, that is a tragically low number. Due to the fact that I have never had sex, I did not see a point in seeing the gyno. However, I’ve had some health issues that needed to be addressed (I won’t regale you with all of the gory details). I broke down and went when I was 23.
It took 13 years after the Star Wars bits for SNL to revisit the classic movie screen test concept, but now it’s only taken a year since the Back to the Future screen tests for it to be brought back for Top Gun. If this becomes an annual (or more than annual) thing, I won’t complain. Even in the details, this rendition closely followed the format used with BTTF: Alan Alda, Al Pacino, and Prince all returned (though this time Baldwin played Pacino instead of Bill); Bill again appeared twice; and Taran again appeared twice. And Andy as Crispin Glover served as a further callback to BTTF. The Tom Hanks, Bobcat Goldthwait, and Sinbad impressions all served as great quick gags, but it was only Harvey Fierstein who really had anything of substance to say about Top Gun. B+
"No, it's pretty close, Clay," I answered.
The story departments in other companies are given the short shrift. Let’s not pretend otherwise. The finance department gets lots of power – and why not? It gets the company money. The design department obviously needs funding and power too, because a game won’t be a game otherwise. But the misinformed “new” philosophy when it comes to story departments is that they are unnecessary or less necessary than these other departments when it comes to getting profits.
Cinerama Holiday was charming and dazzling. Like all the ’50s Cinerama movies, it was a travelogue. Here, an American couple from St. Louis, Betty and John Marsh, visit Europe, while a Swiss couple, Beatrice and Fred Troller, come to America. That might not sound like much, but for me it was the closest thing I’ve experienced to stepping into a time machine. We experienced not just Cinerama’s trademark audience participation effects (skiing, sledding, dizzying aerial shots), but also stepped back in time to 1950s Las Vegas and New Orleans.
James Corden left, it transferred again, and I finally got to see it last week.
I am really enjoying the company and will be sad when they leave.
My wife and I have adopted two children from Ethiopia. These two children were awarded to us on December 16, 2011. We are their parents now. They bear my name. However, I cannot bring them home to Kentucky. The U.S. Embassy in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, will not allow them travel authorization into our country. They are demanding another interview with the birth mother and will not see her until March 14, which means that it will be at least a full 3-month delay from the time we were awarded our children to the time the Embassy will hear our case.
Please update your links accordingly and if you have a particular blogpost from this old URL that was previously bookmarked, just replace the hellia in the address with amaliadillin and it should direct you exactly where you meant to go.
"YOU GOTTA HELP ME MAN!"
grandfather, Arthur Siberg was the kind of man who was always learning, and every
PSALM 115:13
Vi lascio sperando che questa card vi piaccia almeno quanto è piaciuta a me e in ogni caso spero di essere stata d'ispirazione.
You should just stay the same, if I may say
~ John Charles, Booklist Reviews
a little pic of my candy and link back to me on your blog please.
At the time, she says, she was young. Unschooling was fulfilling and rich and she didn't feel like she needed more. She was poor, her husband didn't make much but she was happy being with her kids and helping them direct their learning.
and decided to give it a whirl!
Just this week, Jim reseeded nine acres of alfalfa. The original seed was in the ground for almost a month with no rain, and was not sprouting, so he went over the fields with a no till drill and new seed. His hope is, that with this rain, the newly seeded alfalfa will sprout, along with some of the old seed, making a thick stand.
Watch and love and love
Bestival, Camp Bestival, Download and V festival are among those that are soldiering on and it seems that the former two are some of the very few that are not suffering losses. The independent festivals orchestrated by DJ Rob Da Bank seem to be selling tickets as normal and the independent entrepreneur assures the public that they will not be disappointed and that “we’ll sell out again on both our shows.”
With BioDiversiTree, the concept and purpose are the vision. Part of the concept is to allow it to respond to interaction with others resulting in a collaborative creation. Because I work very organically, allowing the energy to flow and shape the work, it means simultaneously sharing the creative energy channel. Makes for a wider channel, more ideas and interesting creations.
I guess it’s the norm in our house to do breathing treatments, so she may as well learn now!
I am all for devolution in its various forms, perhaps even Scottish independence, but I have a nasty feeling some people really do have fantasies of Cornish independence. Quite how they think Cornwall could be economically viable, I have no idea. Perhaps tin will become the new gold.
Nov 29 2010
I intend to get a little more motivated once we start selling the house, but for now I am enjoying this parcel of time I have left in this house to smell the roses. Actually I don't have any roses, but I do have hundreds of plants coming up in my garden that I thought had died. Yes, they chose this year to come up! They must be bidding me farewell. Or just sticking their tongues out at me for not taking care of them when I was here. I will have to do a little pruning because it has got out of hand with all their rage.
It helps to be reminded when things seem to be spinning out of control that the maker of the universe is in control. Whew! That really changes things.
Still I am locked from all the people who are terrified of me.
I can't explain it with reasonable answers. I can only say that the first time I saw the sea, when I was twelve, I marveled at its beauty, immense horizon, infinite mystery. That sense of wonder and calm never left me. Whenever I needed to feel restored, I made my way to the waterfront, walked on the beach, got myself cold and wet and totally immersed in a life force bigger than anything else.
Frame of Reference
which never needed put on in the first place.
Stunning location just signed to OneLocations featuring an opulent Victorian theatre – faded grandeur and semi-derelict, this location is perfect for editorial fashion or themed film & TV dramas.
Do those things, god damnit, because nothing sucks worse than a girl who reads. Do it, I say, because a life in purgatory is better than a life in hell. Do it, because a girl who reads possesses a vocabulary that can describe that amorphous discontent as a life unfulfilled—a vocabulary that parses the innate beauty of the world and makes it an accessible necessity instead of an alien wonder. A girl who reads lays claim to a vocabulary that distinguishes between the specious and soulless rhetoric of someone who cannot love her, and the inarticulate desperation of someone who loves her too much. A vocabulary, god damnit, that makes my vacuous sophistry a cheap trick.
At the age of 32, Rivaldo agreed what I can only imagine was a substantial financial package to take him to the Greek Super League to play for Olympiakos. His new side had experienced something of a blip – failing to win the league in 2003/04 for the first time in seven seasons – but teaming Rivaldo with his former Barcelona strike-partner Giovanni, Olympiakos regained their grip on the domestic scene.
The count is on hold. This is now three minutes into the hold. The count is at T-Minus 7 minutes and 45 seconds.
'Thus, warm climate males who devoted more efforts to seeking mating opportunities, and less to provisioning, left more offspring. This theory can explain many of the known racial differences.'
Take the men’s 100 for example. Yohan Blake (JAM) became the youngest ever World champion, yet it rang a bit hollow as Usain Bolt (JAM) false started out, Tyson Gay (USA) was at home recuperating, and Asafa Powell (JAM) pulled out of the meet with a groin problem. In Zurich Blake and fellow medalists Walter Dix (USA) and Kim Collins (SKN) got to face ’09 bronze medalist Powell. At the gun it looked like Powell was going to run away with the race as he got his typical blitzkrieg start blowing the field away in the first 50 meters. The second 50 meters was also typical, except instead of Bolt and Gay shifting gears it was Blake as he ran past Powell to victory in a new PR of 9.82. Blake is clearly one of the elite sprinters and with this race may have become Jamaica’s #2 man. It looks like Bolt and Gay may have a new threat to deal with next year.
Once you have picked the right goal for yourself, it is helpful to have some type of measurable benchmark or target that helps you determine how you are doing. It is also helpful if you have support either through family or friends to achieve it. To benchmark and celebrate each hiking success, I started a diary of my successes that listed the stats of each hike, along with pictures to remind myself of the accomplishment. Encouragement came from my hiking friends. We all were accountable to each other – we all were reaching for the same goal to get to the top successfully.
Come then, let us again illustrate this by the inspired Scripture, dwelling somewhat at length upon it to advantage. It has then been written in a book of Moses that Abraham believed in God, but his faith was accounted unto him for righteousness; and he was called the friend of God. And what was the manner of his faith, or how then was he called the friend of God? He heard the words, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, unto a land that I will show thee. Moreoyer, when he was enjoined to sacrifice his only son as a type of Christ he learnt the purpose hidden in God. And for this reason the Saviour spoke concerning him to the impious Jews, saying: Your father Abraham rejoiced to see My day; and he saw it and was glad. Therefore the inspired Abraham, owing to obedience and sacrifice, was called the friend of God and put on himself the boast of righteousness.
Feel free to join us on April 7th and stay tuned for the next installment on this project! Contact rebecca@cedarriver.org to learn more.
Chief among its concern, are four changes the to Act, which Bersih says will inevitably make the voting process less transparent.
Psychomainia is charming in its ridiculousness and so idiosyncratically British it makes you want die, actually die, or have a cup of tea. I really do still have a huge affection for it, it’s a strange and bizarre piece of British cinema that has achieved cult status precisely because of its absurdity and I would encourage you to give it a go even if only for the sake of a few giggles and some nice English countryside. It really is difficult not to warm to it as it’s clearly trying so hard to appeal to the young generation and be down with kids yet getting it so badly wrong that you just have let your heart go out to it and praise the effort, it’s kind of like The Fonz of the movie world, actually come to think of it, it’s kind of like me, if I was a film I’d probably be Pyschomania: not a bad idea though a bit cheap and dated, but still trying hard and loveable in its short comings and foibles, and I’d have Beryl bloody Reid and George blummin’ Sanders in me keeping it together (possibly the most disturbing sentence I’ve ever written, let’s never speak of this again). Sorry about that, what I mean to say is that Psychomania is a terrific blast, it’s a little cult window into 70s Britain that should be peeked through to see all the peculiarities and hilarities that lie within. It also stars the sister of Yvette (Vicki ‘Oooh Rrrrenéééé’ Michelle) from ‘Allo ‘Allo. But the real point is, it does exist and I’m not mad, and I think I’ve proved this quite satisfactorily here today. I thank you.
between your back door and the summer house.
So what exactly is Mucota DYNA about?
For once, stop asking yourself how you want to look, and ask yourself how you want to feel when you are through!
WRITE!
Please change your feeds, bookmarks and sidebars so I don't lose any of you!
As the prospect company had grown over the years their insurance premium had skyrocketed and the incumbent agent was just sitting back and enjoying the large commissions. Don’t get me wrong, there is nothing wrong with enjoying large commissions but the problem with large commissions is that someone out there always wants a piece of yours. The incumbent agent had failed to maintain his relationship with the business owner and lost his sincerity in acting in the clients best interest. Nothing I did in this situation was different than what the other agent could have done; he just forgot the value in doing it.
I have to hand it to JW's coach, though. Last night, when our pitcher was about to fall apart because the other coach kept yelling balk, our coach told him that he didn't care how many times they called balk or how many runs scored, his only desire was for the kid to have fun. Despite the fact that we were losing, and that we have other pitchers who might have been able to do better, he just let the boy finish out the game and then congratulated him on how he played. That little boy's feelings were more important to him than the outcome of the game. Then, after the game, they were able to talk to the umpire and get a lesson on how to pick off a runner on third without getting called for a balk.
(W.W. Norton & Company) - Interview
Roy and Theodore are a curious double act, cousins who preach on the road where Roy speaks to the congregation and Theodore, confined to a wheelchair after drinking strychnine to prove his faith, accompanies him on guitar. The book's cover is adorned with the spiders Roy routinely pours over his head, to show how God cured him of his phobia, and which repay him occasionally with a nasty bite or two and accompanying infection. Theodore's paedophilia and Roy's increasingly extreme behaviour hustle them from one bad place to another. One moment of violence is so shocking because of the slow, inexorable build up to it and the innocence of the victim. As I said at the beginning, this is a brutal book which will not be for those of a sensitive disposition. I have my own qualm about it which I'll come to later.
More than once we have tried this company, but had also more than once problems with the goods.
1 large or 2 small eggs
6. The Slits - FM
Of 82 possible days (minus days we had no power, or I was out of the building) I used the iPads exactly half of those days: 41. This is a larger number than I anticipated, and each of those days meant I used them in some capacity for 2 of my 5 teaching periods. Many instances they were used in 4 or even all 5 of the periods I have students. One number I didn’t keep track of is how many times they were used after school as well.
Anyway, I'm not about to review a book I haven't read so you can discount everything I've said above. The real subject of this post is this: To prove his point, Anderson is giving his book away free. "I felt it was important to walk the walk," said Anderson.
The Gospel of Luke, like each of the other gospels focuses on an important appearance of Jesus to the disciples in which they are commissioned for their future ministry.
The perfect chili ratio:
Why on earth does any village need three floodlit football pitches? Are there not any other sports or activities worthy of consideration? Can anybody explain why so many floodlit football pitches are being planned in the middle of major residential areas? Has anybody even told the residents near to Old Monks Rec. what a treat is being planned for them? You can bet your life that nobody will ask their opinion. Like the residents of Mash Barn, the first thing they will l know about it is when the bulldozers turn up outside their houses. It seems that all the time things are being planned that will impact on the local residents and community without any thought of asking whether people want or need them. The whole attitude seems to be one of ‘we don’t need to consult with you as we know best’.
aimlessly driven, like all lovers, searching
Network marketing is where you sign up other people to join your business and you each buy a certain amount of product from your company every month. The more people you sign up, the bigger your organization and since you get a commission on everything the people in your organization buy, the more money you can make.
When you have everything punched out you'll want to put a very small dot of crystal effects glue on the flat side of the marble. Place the stamped image face down onto the glue and press it to secure it in place.
WEST ALLIS — One word changed some graffiti to a hate crime for one West Allis family.
That's what makes you beautiful Na Na Na Na Na Na Naaa,
1. Coffee. Drink a cup the minute your feet hit the floor. Or, better yet, start an IV drip of coffee as soon as your alarm goes off.
Whenever the subject of puppies wags its fluffy tail, you always hear the same old admonitions--they pee on your carpet and chew up your favorite slippers and cry all night when you try to make them sleep in a crate. But those are merely minor inconveniences.
I was obviously too quiet. You know…..like when your kids go quiet, and you realise that SOMETHING is up?!
J. Sheridan Le Fanu – Schalken the Painter
So there, you have it. Now you know a little something about me.
The first person point of view is told by “I”. This gets the reader immediately into the character’s head, but it limits you in perspective because you can only tell what’s going on from his or her perspective. Do you have some vital information that only the bad guy or the best friend knows? It doesn’t matter. Unless the hero finds it out for himself, you can’t use it. Nothing can happen that “I” doesn’t know. It limits who the reader gets to know, but it does allow the reader to get to know the main character really well. Note: the main character must be a strong individual in order to carry the entire story.
It’s b.s. that a latina needs to bite Alanis Morissette to get industry cred only to go platinum in hair and sales, the latter by wearing Little Mermaid costumes and singing in Spanglish. But that’s the Latin-takeover agenda.
For smears are on the windows,
We all have our foibles, and we are all part of a creative industry, which of course means you're going to get rather a lot of personality from anyone you work with (authors, editors, agents, jacket designers, copy editors, publicists, you name it). But there are things you SHOULD be able to expect of your editor.
I met with Sue and Katie too
Greater than all we ask
And iust her rosy finger-tips
Ensign Frederick “Trusty” Trusteau, one of two wingmen assigned to “skipper,” Lieutenant Commander J.J. “Jack” Hardigan. Trusteau is a handsome, capable aviator, who has honed his reputation as a “whoremaster” because that was (and is) the gold standard among predominantly male societies. It was very often a sham, or cover-up, but it was better than being considered the “odd-man-out.”
$14.00-$18.00
“Sounds good for how she looked,” Mr. Bowen commented. “So let me get you folks home. I suppose you’re ready?”
William had been married six times in twelve years, and had more children than he could shake a stick at. He had an overwhelming love affair with onions. They called him the onionater. He would eat onions like everyone else eats an apple. In the mornings, he would stop by Dairy Queen to pick up some of their famous breakfast gravy and biscuits. When he arrived at the P.D. it was an event. The other officers were always anticipating the unusual breakfast of the day. William would prepare for his meal by pulling an onion out of his pocket and cutting it up into the gravy. He kept a jar of pickles in the fridge in his office. He would pour himself a small cup of pickle juice and add one pickle into his gravy. He was a great diet tool for the dispatchers and the other officers. The man has a sick sack of taste buds. Everyone in the station wondered if he even had any taste buds. William would then proceed to put anything on the table on top of his gravy and biscuits. Packets of condiments were always added to the mixture. It didn’t matter what it was, ketchup, mayonnaise, mustard. Those watching would gag as William smacked his lips around his delicious breakfast.
Travel: Getting out of my own culture and learning how people live in other places has been one of the best things I've ever done. Being immersed in another way of life has forced me to rethink my preconceived notions about other people groups and situations in the world. I know it sounds cliché, but the truth is, all the times I've gone to another country to serve, I'm the one who is blessed and returns a better person.
11. Skin Game - 3:55
Last night, as part of this Quixote-like quest, I ventured into the heretofore unexplored dimension of a Ron Paul rally and was witness to something that can only be described as all parts exhilarating, befuddling, encouraging, depressing, moving, maddening and, ultimately, inspiring. More on all that later.
What the movie also emphasis is that how much “RESPECT” is important in day to day life activities and why individuals fall back to their respective groups and communities.
Director : Mario Camerini
One of my dear coworkers lamented that she can't make gravy to save her life. I wonder why? Gravy is one of the easiest things to make. You just have to follow a few basic rules. For one, it's that "brown stuff" that sticks to the bottom of the roasting pan that has gives gravy such great flavor. In culinary terms, it's called fond. To me, it's gold. Next, you want a rich and flavorful stock, and fond is what makes it happen. Water doesn't cut it. Last, but just as important, you need to know how to thicken the gravy. This is where the lumpy gravy fear factor comes in. Oh, I've made plenty of lumpy gravy over the thirty plus Thanksgiving Dinner's I've made. 'Nuff said. Let's make turkey gravy:
Don't miss next week's challenge on September 29th, when we bring you our World Card Making Day Challenge! We will be giving away fabulous prizes!
Binge on clouds of blooming trees painting the landscape in swathes of colour.
Carousing: Spending gold for xp by doing stuff out of game related to your character
CVCBQ Blog (cvcbqblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
The girls turned around, surprised by his urgency.
- If you "like" my facebook page you will get 1 extra entry.
I have had the honor of designing for Sketches4All. I love the warm community, the great gallery, contests, and challenges our members offer. It is always a joy to share my life and my work there!
Submarine - Joe Dunthorne
Planners have a tendency to give a great deal of attention to participation: they worry about getting minorities to collaborate in policy-making, or about recognising physical manifestations of difference through spaces such as the ‘Curry Mile’ or ‘Chinatown’? Along with many great planning ideas, this approach is well intentioned but flawed. The problem is that it sees minorities through a prism that sets cultural diversity as the most important difference affecting them. While race and ethnicity are hugely important, they cannot be divorced from wider political claims about representation, power, and equality. In other words, cultural difference is important, but cannot be separated from pressing issues of social, economic and political exclusion.
Becoming a soaring back against the sky should you sprout three wings.
The main reason why most women who fall for the bad boys do so, is because they feel excited in some way by that guy. He may be a jerk to her from all angles, except for the fact that he brings in excitement to her life and to be honest, that is a big plus for many women, especially those that live pretty boring lives.
I am not going to bore you with all the details, or let out all of Shelby's secrets, but Havi and the Grad Students learned a lot! Havi reinforced her sit and down, she learned look, touch, she taught us how to properly feed and treat Havi, and then we went on a walk to work on Havi's aggression! We were left with handouts, homework, and a tired pup! We even passed some pups on our late night walk and Havi concentrated on her looks and touches instead of being aggressive towards the pooches. Havi loved every second, and Dental Student and I found ourselves working on our own tricks all night.
Tober
Why do we prefer to say he attempted to kill us? We could say we were in "fear for our lives" and may say that instead, but it's just not what most folks say in these parts. Folks around here don't say, "a car crossed the center-line and I was in fear for my life." Here 'bouts they say, "a car crossed the center-line and nearly killed me." If you don't sound sincere or if you sound like you're giving a memorized or made-up line... the police will sense that. By the way... don't ever lie of fudge the facts, they can usually figure that out pretty quickly from the evidence.
You will truely be missed MCA, but will never be forgotten! The music you created with The Beastie Boys and your impact in HipHop Culture will live on.
It's brilliant.
TILDA: I would, please.
The suspension means that employers who have workers coming up to their term limit at the end of this year may now apply for a two-year term limit exemption work permit, buying the employee another two years on-island. It is hoped that this two-year breathing space will allow immigration experts looking into the Immigration Law to make changes for the good of Cayman and its economy as a whole.
SPLASH!
Who doesn’t have an old cardboard box around home? You, know the kind made with brown corrugated cardboard. Rip up a side into palm sized pieces, make a nest in the bottom of the ‘barbie’ (no, not the doll, your daughter would have a fit – it’s Australian and NZ slang for a BBQ), put on some smaller choice pieces of charcoal, and light. Then feed on bigger bits of charcoal. Simple.
And, maybe, in that, you will understand that we are all circular beings
A pair of the truck’s double rear wheels were dialoged from the vehicle as if by a deadly curse. One of the wheels then “attacked” the tourist bus.
re: inquiry stone carving
That there really was such a thing
With a sharp sweetness
Look what the BN did! Try to feel the pain of those who were punched, kicked and beaten before being dragged off to some detention center.
Subjects taught include:
South Asia Court of Women
Son of Daedalus who dared to fly too near the sun on wings of feathers and wax. Daedalus had been imprisoned by King Minos of Crete within the walls of his own invention, the Labyrinth. But the great craftsman’s genius would not suffer captivity. He made two pairs of wings by adhering feathers to a wooden frame with wax. Giving one pair to his son, he cautioned him that flying too near the sun would cause the wax to melt. But Icarus became ecstatic with the ability to fly and forgot his father’s warning. The feathers came loose and Icarus plunged to his death in the sea.
In that the push-pull could not cease,
.: Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited to all we know and understand, while imagination embraces the entire world, and all there ever will be to know and understand :.
Sir Jeremy said the Bush administration’s determination to invade Iraq killed any chance of achieving a second UN resolution: “It seemed to me the option of invading Iraq in, say, October 2003 deserved much greater consideration.
“One of the schemes for the psychotypization of people — that is distinguishing them by mental properties — the scheme of gunas.
When you get right down to it, the main thing a zombie movie has going for it is the built-in fear of these slow, lumbering decayed bodies coming towards you to eat your brains while while you just stand there like an idiot. Oh, and if there's time, subtle subtext and artistic pretension.
The Avengers weren't the first... as in a superhero team movie. The X-Men franchise and the Watchmen movie had glimmers of this concept perculating throughout their various tales. However, the Avengers cemented how diverge heroes can unite for a common cause with nothing bonding them save for equal parts tenacity and talent. Not a mutant-tie nor a mystery-tie... but the true tie that binds... heroism in the face on indominable odds. While we can dream that Charlton's Action-Heroes and Archie's Mighty Crusaders may someday grace the silver screen with their presence, nothing can match what transpired when Marvel Comics' Sensational Sextet saved their world!
Last week was Debbie Corbari's birthday. I know you haven't met her, but she is the amazing, talented artist who draws a lot of our awesome stamp sets. I love her.. she is also a wonderful friend of mine. We have a very FUN new release on the way. Over at the OCL blog, we shared some birthday cards that were made for her... I thought I'd share them here with you, since MOT carries all these stamp sets... and it might just inspire you, as it did me!
Time will tell but as it is, Arsenal’s future is still in their own hands.
“No, not that, although you involved yourself. It’s just… our relationship… you do not understand,” she said her eyes though maintaining the implacable level almost expressionless gaze seemed to soften along with her voice.
I am sorry that when the Brits and the Boere divvied up the country, they didn't do seperate development the right way - by creating two completely seperate countries, and allowing each to stand and fall on merit.
This next pick comes half from nostalgia and half from it actually being an entertaining adventure with tons of magic despite some dated TV special effects. This next pick comes from the BBC miniseries of C.S. Lewis’s “The Chronicles of Narnia” (1988-1990), specifically “The Silver Chair.” “The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe” and “Prince Caspian” were OK (and I still argue have more magic than the most recent theatrical incarnations), but for me the adventure didn’t really start until Lucy, Edmund, and Eustace were sucked into that painting and went on that quest in “The Voyage of the Dawn Treader” (1989). The Dawn Treader sails the high seas, its crew—made up of an adult Prince Caspian and Warwick Davis in full mouse costume as Reepicheep—on a mission to find the seven missing lords of Narnia, welcomes the former royalty of Lucy and Edmund. The voyage takes them to several different magical islands. They meet strange civilizations, nasty despots and slavers, whimsical wizards, monsters, dangerous relics, and even have Eustace turn into a dragon (one of the highlights). The salty sea air, funny clothes, odd creatures, and fun characters make this a memorable fantasy adventure epic. The last part of the BBC “Narnia” series (and I say, the best) was “The Silver Chair” and is also a great quest story. Eustace and Jill wind up in Narnia and must team up with Puddleglum the Marshwiggle (Tom “Dr. Who” Baker) to find the old and dying Prince Caspian’s lost son, Rillian. Their quest takes them through forests and fields, flights atop giant owls, to cities full of giants, and deep under ground where they are confronted by unspeakable evil. Though some of the acting is clunky and the costumes funny and you can see the seams in many of the special effects, “The Silver Chair” is a great adaptation from the Lewis novel. Tom Baker (“Dr. Who”!) holds most of the film together as the pessimistic, but wise, buffoonish guide character. Another thing that makes “The Silver Chair” particularly memorable is newcomer Jill’s struggle to remember Aslan’s words amidst all the new unfamiliar and dangerous settings. Giants may be looking to cook them, and subterranean civilizations may be looking to take them captive, and an evil witch may be desiring to make them forget everything, and Prince Rillian may not even want saving, but the quest is always grounded by the three main characters. Loaded with magic, adventure, and fascinating Christian symbolism, “Silver Chair” makes another great addition to the genre.
Love, Compassion and Truth..unites and heals humanity, and has value to everybody.
The start......Well, I got up to the starting line with about 15 minutes to go. It was crazy energy. I just kept focusing on the starting line banner. Trying to take mental pictures of the start....memories that will be with me for a life time. I kept thanking God for the opportunity to be here....a once in a lifetime event. The clock counted down and we were off at 5am on this Saturday morning in June.
11.mad daddy drives a ufo
At first, because I had spun little silk over the winter, I wondered if it was my technique at fault. Then I had reason to spin a brick that I had dyed some years ago. I found the fibre to be of a more consistent length and could control the style of yarn more easily. So, I hadn't imagined the change.
I took a Xanax when I got here, I’m really hoping it kicks in soon. I’ve got stuff to do today.
Please not a person with a male character please not a person with a male character please not a person with a – Greyseer? Let’s check out his refs… Doh!
The frame is a $1 frame from Michaels. It's been painted with acrylic paint, crackle distress paint, and distress inked. Easy but fun.
How many times in your life do you get a chance to watch history unfold, to actively participate in building a better society, to come together with thousands of people where genuine democracy is the reality and not a fantasy?
placed over the top. I finished my card by writing my message in
I totally like this MV since it has story in it.
First, let me start with a vision I always had of myself as the artist. It’s late at night, and I sit at an antique oak desk in front of a Royal manual typewriter. A cigarette dangles from my lips as smoke curls around my head. To my right, sits an amber-filled tumbler and to my left a filled ashtray. I sit typing madly away at the next great American novel oblivious to the late hour and the ash building on the end of my fag. This vision was in my head even before I acknowledged myself as a writer. When I finally made the leap nearly 14 years ago and actually said the words, “I am a writer,” the vision was still there although not a part of my actual reality as a writer.
Greg Laurie, the best-selling author of The Upside DownChurch (a Gold Medallion winner) and Lost Boy, is senior pastor of Harvest Christian Fellowship in Riverside, California, one of the largest churches in America. His syndicated radio program, A New Beginning, is broadcast around the world.
Your readers can hear for themselves what was said at www.PennBDS.org. It is Horowitz who uses the language of hatred and bigotry. Even those of us who do not support BDS are alarmed at your carrying an advertisement that misinforms and names individuals who do not have the money that Horowtiz has to defend themselves through his chosen medium.
All the Knights at Camelot;
Up before the sun to see one of the great wonders of the world. There is such a rush to see the famous Machu Picchu, that all the camps woke around 4:00 to get to the first check point which is approximately 20 minutes hike from the campsite.
This will be my third year in attendance and every year I have an even better time then the last.
- And you were all, 'I don't have it, daddy!'
She is the Moderator (List Mom) for an online group called Bear Lovers Club at Yahoo Groups. It is a Rubber Stamping group for all those interested in exchanging stamped Bear cards. :)
We started birth control back in February. It was the hardest thing not talking about it-or blogging about it! We knew though that this time around we needed this to not only be about 'just us' but we needed to 'focus' more on us! So unfortunately the person who loves to talk and document everything was left keeping very quiet!
I went out with some girlfriends last night. It was another reminder that the Universe is listening to me, even if I'm not asking the questions out loud. They told me about the true meaning of friendship, they told me how they understand my feelings, they told me that they do not and would not judge me...they told me I had a safe place to go. I don't think there are words to express how much I really really needed to hear that. I am grateful for each of those ladies...
Ya. I went medieval on my own ass. Not claiming that I am now made of solid gold or anything, but shit is purified and transformed. I know, I am sounding like a total bad ass right now (please read my humble sarcasm) but last night I finished a fitness challenge that I started 3 months ago at my local Mixed Martial Arts studio and I am totally and completely blown away by my stats. (I am a fitness machine.) Then finally FINALLY, I am heading toward a license that will actually allow me to touch and heal people through massage. These two things are seemingly unrelated, I realize, but to me they are actions of alchemy that are transforming my base metals into freaking sunshine.
Christian Business Ethics: Attitudes of Heart:
Major General Thomas M. Montgomery, Deputy Commander of the United Nations Forces in Somalia in a television interview said: “Many of the soldiers are alive today because of the willingness and skill of the Pakistani soldiers who worked jointly in a rescue operation with Malaysian and American soldiers in most difficult and dangerous combat circumstances”. He thanked the people and Pakistan Army for sending “such splendid soldiers to Somalia who we feel proud to serve with. Pakistani soldiers have been completely dependable even in the most difficult circumstances. They have shouldered a huge and dangerous load for UNOSOM and the Somali people”.
I've been missing, largely due to family stuff, but now I'm going to be missing largely due to work. We just had a huge project blow up at Malt Advocate that I'm ramrodding (more on that later, probably), and I've got another possible big project I'm discussing with an editor today, and there's all the usual small stuff, so...I'll be checking in here when I can. I'm going to the Kentucky Bourbon Festival this weekend, and I've got three events the following week, and the week after that I'm judging at GABF, and the week after that is San Francisco WhiskyFest...so while I should have some cool stuff to write about, jeez, where to find the time?
867 **D-XI/8/1983. “Nikos Kazantzakis and the Reform of Greece.” Kazantzakis Program, Preston Bradley Hall, The Cultural Center, Chicago Public Library, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2000(12), above, pp. 530-38.)
Topical: Coconut oil prevents the formation of destructive free radicals, and can prevent your skin from developing skin blemishes caused by aging and overexposure to sunlight. I use it as body lotion AND as makeup remover! It works better than the commercially sold ones, and leaves my skin feeling oh-so soft! I know people who use it as facial moisturizer. I personally find it kind of thick, so I rinse it off, but not before letting it absorb a little. I've also read it's great for hair. . . I have yet to try this.
“What the Big Ten said last week got everybody’s attention,” said Cobb, a former football player at N.C. State. “What it really showed is that the gap in college football is not between Division I-A and I-AA. It’s between the BCS schools and everybody else Division I-A.”
Sometimes or a lot of times, we shop when we’re bored and that’s always a dangerous thing. Been there, done that ... a lot! More often than I care to admit. When we shop like that, we’re often trying to fill an emptiness that lives deep inside of us. We rarely recognize it as emptiness but it's a real void, a void we try to fill with "stuff." And that emptiness could never be filled with “stuff.” That kind of emptiness is something only God can fill. It's only His love and His healing touch that can fill that God shaped hole.
All the supporting characters – the Cullens, Bella’s friends at school, Bella’s father – are much more likable. Or at least more entertaining.
Kevin brewed with our Nuggets (13.9% AA, high essential oils), Centennial (11.5% AA, also high in essential oils), and Cascades (8.5% AA) per the following schedule:
If ever there was a clear indication that Parliament is DEAD it will be the passage of this bill. I say to the leaders of the opposition parties, it is time to stop dithering. The parliamentary battle must be joined…and that means now.
So there is the heart and the reasoning behind my weekly "confessionals". Feel free to join me in the comments with your own confessions! No judgement here. (and no perfect moms either!) Just a lot of women who are together learning to not be ashamed of their imperfection.
I don’t usually get into all the voting etc. but think this is an awesome opportunity…….if you get a chance (or have a free 5 seconds), click on the link above and vote for my blog…..If you like the things I create and find them helpful, I’d love for you to consider voting! You can vote each day until November 8th. I won’t pester you any more about it after today (as I’m also not into begging) ……..it’s all a bit of fun :-)
The statutes at issue are 17 USC 602(a) which refers to copyrighted works lawfully "made" under the Copyright Act and
11. iPhone
My husband was sanding the hull of his fish boat when a young woman approached him at the wharf.
I was just excited to discover these things so close to home.
NailPolishDirect is a good online shop, and I would recommend it to those of you who are looking for pretty and inexpensive polishes!
And though people blast Bernanke for a policy of zero interest rates, that’s misguided. It’s the massive glut of savings (people wanting risk-free assets all around the world) and the still-poor growth prospects that conspire to make a scenario where you can’t earn any money on your cash.
Not even in double digits of age and she’s beaten me twice.
Happy New Year, everyone! It seems forever since I last posted! I have been taking it easy behind the scene, not much papercrafting going on. I used my Copics for the first time in a few weeks. I almost forgot how to color!
What do you do when everything gets too much? Are you a list person, or do you just get in and do it? Perhaps my biggest problem is being a procrastinator; instead of doing I've listed what I should be doing. I won't like to you - I feel a weight has been lifted… for today at any rate!
City Lights was an anachronism when it first appeared, a new silent production from Charles Chaplin, one of the masters of silent comedy, at a time when the rest of Hollywood was eagerly embracing the arrival of sound. Released in 1931, when silent film was all but dying out, the film opens by immediately mocking the talking pictures, with a scene where a group of local dignitaries deliver speeches commemorating the unveiling of a statue. As they speak, the synchronized soundtrack (Chaplin's one modest concession to the new technology) features muffled nonsense noises, as though Chaplin is making a point, up front, of how irrelevant and silly so much dialogue is — as Norma Desmond would say in Sunset Blvd., it's all just "talk, talk, talk," and Chaplin for one doesn't need it.
Look, no pressure or anything, but all the cool kids are doing it.
Word Art:
And then you will see my face on the 7 o’clock news.
* Slicing nets you money, schematics(?) and Augments (these go in the modification slots only found on crit-crafted items). It no longer provides materials for any crafting skill.
"If I had my priesthood to live over again I would be a gentler with people the next time. I would console more and challenge more carefully. I was one of those people who was taught and who deeply believed that only the full truth can set us free, that we owe it to people to challenge them with the truth, in season and out. I believed that and did it for most of the years of my ministry. And I was a good priest, I lived for others and never once betrayed in any real way my vows and my commitment. But now that I am older, I regret some of what I did. I regret that sometimes I was too hard on people! I meant it well, I was sincere, but I think that sometimes I ended up laying added burdens on people when they were already carrying enough pain. If I were just beginning as a priest, I would be gentler, I would spend my energies more trying to lift pain from people. People are in a lot of pain. They need us, first of all, to help them with that!”"
There is nothing to hold me up
thrush
LLL:Only one allowed? I’ve got a whole list. Ten years ago it probably would have been to rid myself of my terrible temper. Now it would be a greater gift for writing.
115. Flower baskets that my little boys made me for Easter.
But this lunchtime snack might take you until supper time to finish.
Far away from the road where he might get stepped by every feet..
Shardlake is a fully realised character, a very human mix of good and bad, attractive and unattractive qualities. He is intelligent and humane, a rational thinker, a follower of Erasmus and a keen reformer, believing that religious reform will improve the human condition. Yet he also unquestioningly accepts the class distinctions of his time and defends the resulting injustices, he is quick to take offence at any real or imagined reference to his disability (Shardlake has a hunchback), and it seems his zeal for reforming the monasteries may owe something to unpleasant childhood experiences in a cathedral school as well as to Erasmus’ ideals. Nevertheless, Shardlake is driven mainly by a search for truth and justice, and his disillusion as he is forced to recognise that many ‘reformers’ are more concerned with ego, greed, vanity and abuse of power, is both convincing and poignant. The other characters are clearly portrayed as individuals, though none has the depth of Shardlake. I will be interested to see how (if?) Shardlake and his principles manage to navigate the rest of Henry VIII’s increasingly tyrannical reign as it unfolds.
the witness of previous generations of scholars is reviewed;
Last Saturday was one of those lovely, lazy, leisurely days, whereby I felt a little blech, like I was coming down with a mild cold, so I got to stay by myself all day while the kids and The Man were off and out of the house.
“You get the fucking couch,” Arty told Emily, standing to make his way to Paul’s guest room, where he had spent many a night over the years working on those difficult cases that straddled all the right lines.
I ask for your feedback with the utmost of respect, for I know all of you are much more informed on the state of affairs than myself
Press Release - £299
"Of course I know you! You accompanied me every once in a while over and over again on parts of my path."
The epitaph on my gravestone will be “Lewis Schaffer: He Left it to the Last Minute”.
And weaves her magic till day's done.
As for Ice Prince, hopefully the delightful cameos would continue and perhaps he just might think twice before proclaiming everyone loves him on his sophomore since, as his debut has proven, he is no Ray Romano.
That will teach me to judge a recipe by its name! =)
Stacie will be back on JTV Tuesday at 10 a.m.
Saturday was just as awesome. We ate breakfast, shopped, stood in line in Times Square waiting for matinee Broadway tickets. It was totally worth the wait: we saw the Tony Award Winner for Best Show in 2010 "Memphis." SO AWESOME!!!! WOW. I'd never been brought to tears before at a show but "Memphis" had me bawling - Kelly too. It was powerful and I highly recommend it should you find yourself in NYC anytime soon.
behind the words;
Peter Green didn’t want the money or fame, and gave us this instead (see The Clash: Jail Guitar Doors). Thanks, Pete!
Covering letter and statement of research intentions and interests
My knitting while I was away was mainly the ripple socks of doom. I talked about them in my last post. I'm about 2/3 done on the second sock and have run out of the contrast yarn and am about to run out of the main yarn too. I think I may just frog and give it up.
And two times two is three and a half;
Boulder Never Summer; Boulder, Colorado, Spice Ale, 6% abv
We came across this article and thought it made some interesting points. What do you think?
So, here we go again. Down the path of being healthy and allowing this blog and the community that surrounds it to hold me accountable! Summer is here, so I have no more time for excuses! This will be the last apology post for this blog - challenge accepted!
There you go...on a A/B day schedule I think I've now posted enough lessons to go an entire semester if not more. Still looking for your favorite way to go from 2-D to 3-D. Up next....How to make large 3-D cardboard letters.
the art is gorgeous and the story is really good. plus, it’s kinda short if you just want a quick read so definitely check this out
TeodoroToribio owns and operates Ang Tibay a leather company which supplies the Philippine Army. Due to alleged shortage of leather, Toribio caused the lay off of members of National Labor Union Inc. NLU averred that Toribio’s act is not valid as it is not within the CBA. That there are two labor unions in Ang Tibay; NLU and National Worker’s Brotherhood. That NWB is dominated by Toribio hence he favors it over NLU. That NLU wishes for a new trial as they were able to come up with new evidence/documents that they were not able to obtain before as they were inaccessible and they were not able to present it before in the CIR.
Ruching was horrible because for some reason I always cut the hole for my body too big.
Free State Brewing Co. Thomas Paine Porter
As of Friday, the sheriff had no inmates in Louisiana and just 21 elsewhere in Texas; more than 1,600 inmates had been outsourced as recently as June 2010.Grits finds this news downright incredible after being told time and time again by so many in offiicialdom how naive I was to oppose Harris County jail construction and how unrealistic it was to expect local officials to change. My position at the time was, "if you build it, they will come"; new jail construction, Grits argued, would accommodate bad policies while jail crowding forced the system's collective managers to confront them. So I'm particularly encouraged by indications that Harris County judges are now acknowledging their role in the problem and attempting to help resolve it. A defense attorney:
True story. Embarrassment is a good portion of my everyday life. So, though my face was beet red, I am thankful that my boss, good guy that he is, pretended not to hear.
- Facebook – Follow USDLA on Facebook
Double Chocolate Oatmeal Cookies
First up I played Bryan with his awesomely painted Medieval French army. It’s been almost two year since I’ve faced off against them, June 2010 to be precise.
It’s as simple as that. No need for roses, candies, serenades, poems, etc. Just creative flirty banter that costs nothing and helps you to gain a woman’s interest
My tears no longer flowed for me and my loss, but they flowed out of compassion for them as the Lord spoke gently to my heart “You are not the only one that mourn”. Oh how my heart went out to them and I began to pray that somehow they would find comfort in the one true God.
resent.
She put the paper down; shocked.
This post is dedicated to my parents who have bestowed the greatest love of all by always being there for me, supporting everything I do, accepting me for who I am and for sacrificing so much in the name of love for their children.
Dawson, 12: "Mom, I had the most horrible dream. I had a huge page and I had to find every single synonym and antonym. When I did, they turned into numbers and then I had to divide everything by two. I didn't think it would ever end. Talk about a nightmare!"
So I walked passed the papers this morning to find the headlines “HEARTBREAK FOR MISS IRELAND” and saw a picture of a tearful beauty queen (these at the time were tears of joy ). I then continued on at later checked my twitter to find comments such as “Cant believe it @MissIreland2012 “. Honestly i am not a huge fan of these so called “beauty” pageants as i feel they send such a bad message out to the young of today, however this particularly caught my attention.
But many leave behind compact, incredibly dense remnants known as neutron stars. Those detected have strong magnetic fields that focus emission into two highly directional beams.
- the core activities of the controller or the processor consist of processing operations which, by virtue of their nature, their scope and/or their purposes, require regular and systematic monitoring of data subjects.
This time in 3 weeks I will be packing for my first trip EVER to Australia,
But this picture says it all. From the middle or late 1800's I would think?
As a result, Christian America welcomed all religions, with Muslims arriving here by 1619, Jews establishing their first synagogue in 1654, and Buddhists, Hindus, and others also being present from the early days. Significantly, only America extended (and continues to extend) a free-market religious tolerance to others while still preserving the core societal values of our Christian heritage. But the culture has begun to shift. The level playing field is being eroded. As in Europe, Christianity is being knocked down and Islam elevated.
01. Bound For Glory
I've read Tolkein and Ransome to my son, and we've just started reading Rosemary Sutcliff's Warrior Scarlet. They have a slower pace than the contemporary children's books I've read to him, and a much richer vocabulary, but Sam seems to enjoy them just as much. I think we may worry too much nowadays that young readers will get bored, or won't understand difficult words or concepts.
A few days ago I was watching a re run of one of the Parky interviews with Kenneth Williams. One of the other guests was Sir John Betjeman and at one point they were talking about critics and press cuttings.
Marnie heard the toxic phrase but it didn’t stop her. She was raised by an energetic foolish mother and a didactic indignant father, and she early learned to push through any sneer or awkwardness, to get an answer. Her parents’ mistakes were obvious to her always, and she was able to overlook those mistakes, mostly, while she asked her questions and basked in their boggled pride.
6. praying
“For the time is coming when people will not endure sound teaching, but having itching ears they will accumulate for themselves teachers to suit their own passions, and will turn away from listening to the truth and wander off into myths.” 2 Timothy 4:3-4
Lizzie Hood and Evie Verver are thirteen-year old best friends and next door neighbors. On afternoon, Evie disappears and Lizzie appears to be the last to have seen her. While trying to assist with the official investigation, Lizzie also sets out on her own secret mission to find the truth. Was Evie kidnapped? Did she run away? Will she ever come back?
My 8 year old was in tears doing homework last night, at the table doing homework. He was supposed to think of times in the past that were fun. Well, he burst into tears and said that all of the fun times were with his Dad, and that he didn't realize how much he was going to miss him when he went away. Poor Tom. I just let him talk about it, and get his tears out.
The girl is decked with glowing stars in her zenith of joy
From the temple bar area, a busy, bustling, crowded and well known area of Dublin City life especially for tourists as well as the everyday Dublin folk, we guided ourselves down the cobbled and paved pathways towards Christchurch, a place I would have ideally have liked to have entered however I have a principle about paying for anything within a church, i.e. a temple of god, I was brought up to volunteer a donation to the church on visiting for a service but not to be asked for an amount to see gods house, no way. (Brought up a Methodist, I am not somebody whom prays every night or visits gods house every Sunday but then I don’t disbelieve either).
the spring holds such promise for kabuki. kabuki would like to remind the readers of this little news blog (because it ain't nothing but news that kabuki is frying up in the skillet of truth. so recognize) that with so many decisions to be made at one time, it is possible that a miscalculation can occur. So if kabuki puts up a blog about installing purple shag carpeting in the living room of Kabuki HQ, i would ask that the readers wait a day or two before slicing and dicing kabuki like puffer-fish sushi. All except Norma Desmond - that tart couldn't hold her tongue with barbeque tongs. and kabuki has already forgiven her. what grace. tatas
as any one else
Too often records made up of minimal components are misinterpreted as being gloomy, but this is unlikely to be a fate which befalls Kammerspiel, given the sunlit glow which bathes its sounds. Opening song ‘Maschines’ begins with a twinkling melody and builds gently like the breaking of the day, culminating in Kampman softly cooing “You are home”. As the album progresses, you come to see that the template of ‘Maschines’ is in fact the blueprint for much of Conquering Animal Sound’s work. Frequently their songs begin in timorous fashion, gradually layering more and more sounds on top as they build. Let’s be clear though, this isn’t to say that Kammerspiel is in any way guilty of being formulaic, because the band display a boundless creativity with the finer details throughout, a little snippet of tape hiss here, a dissonant hint of cello or a snatch of thickly-distorted vocal sample there, meaning you’re never really fully aware of where they’re taking you at any point.
Anyway, just wanted to give you all a little update and let you know I am still here. Sorry I haven't been posting much lately.
Among the Japanese girls, Double eyelid is the kinda most important element for make-up for showing our eyes bigger.
And I most likely will not have internet access.
My second husband was another story. The last six months we were together he was astonished why I would still want to be divorced when things between us were getting so much better. I had just resigned myself to saying yes to anything just to get him to sign the paperwork. I didn’t throw his clothes out on the lawn and kick him out, but as soon as the divorce was final I got rid of most everything he’d left behind.
Moving on, my husband was very upset with me. He woke up and cleaned the house the following morning. We had argued the night before and the following morning. What frustrated me was that I was fuming mad and instead of stopping the fight then and there he fed the fire. Which can be a very dangerous thing. We ended up saying hurtful things towards each other because of stress and anger. A few things he said in our fight BEFORE this one, which was a day or two prior, really hurt me. I had brushed it off my shoulder at the time and even laughed it off. We made up quickly and it wasn't a big deal. Then it really started to eat away at me. Which I think is why I burst into an argument the way I did.
The Constitution, Article 4, Section 1, “The Full Faith and Credit” clause, reads:
before I had gone a block. My jacket
Second question was "How old is your girlfriend ?"-----Just turned 16----And "How old are you ?"----come on Uncle Clyde, you know I'm 16, you were at my birthday party.
Are you gonna give up?
So, that took care of most of the symptoms, but then I was still was getting kidney/bladder infections even after going off the Singulair. Guess what, turns out that another of my fucking prescription meds has been messing with my pancreas, kicking out sugar into my urine and causing those kidney/bladder infections. Again, it was me that figured that one out, without help from the doctors.
People have to be told,
And from San Antonio's George Cochran:
‘The best man wins’ is the dictum and philosophy in truly democratic and civilised countries.
vs 1: Then there was a famine in the days of David three years, year after year; and David enquired of the LORD. And the LORD answered, It is for Saul, and for his bloody house, because he slew the Gibeonites.
It’s noon now, and the radio reports that the highway is closed from Nipigon to Hearst – that’s 5 hours of driving time in normal conditions.
The heat retention of the U3 and U5 products are what set them apart. Obviously with hot blood pumping through its vessels, the human penis is just as warm as the hot cavernous folds of our lady parts, which is the reason I have always soaked my toys in hot water before using them. It’s regardless of that, they lose their heat and feel cold and unnatural inside me.
Luke's hand, fingers and knuckles were covered with open wounds, but none of them were deep. They did have gravel embedded in them, though, as did the huge scrape on his arm. But his chin had a small but deep chunk torn out of it. I had immediate visions of spending the rest of the wedding day sitting in an emergency room, waiting for stitches.
My life is a work in progress. It’s always been that case. Take for example I worked my butt off to get out of my small fishing community and realized at the pivotal age of 12 the only way out was securing a good education, applying for student loans and saving money. I started working at the local drug store at the age of 16, babysat every chance I could and saved every penny for university. Once I got to university I quickly realized those A’s I had received were worth C’s. I gathered my courage and approached every professor and bless those English and History professors at Dalhousie University for taking the time to teach me how to write a proper English paper, how to write up a Bibliography and how to use the library.
A clinical psychologist, Ellen Weber Libby, PhD, has written The Favorite Child ($18.00, Prometheus Books, softcover) based on thirty years of helping successful, often powerful clients in Washington, D.C., where outsized personalities abound. Based on more than 60,000 hours of therapeutic counseling her book looks at the advantages and disadvantages of being the favorite child. Having been brought up to believe they can do anything, being unafraid of challenges, they often suffer an array of personality problems from the pressure to maintain the façade at all costs. Their ability to tell the truth can suffer and their intimate relationships are often elusive. We have seen this over and over again when politicians are brought down by adulterous affairs and other bad behavior. I found this book provided powerful insights and, if you think you were a favorite child or a member of your family was one, you might well want to read this interesting book. From the same publisher there’s God’s Brain by Lionel Tiger and Michael McGuire ($25.00, Prometheus Books) that takes part in the fractious debate about the existence of God and the nature of religion. What makes this book particularly interesting is that the authors approach the topic based on evolutionary biology with a focus on brain science. Tiger is a famed anthropologist and McGuire is a pioneering neuroscientist. The thesis they put forth is that the brain creates religion and its varied concepts of God and then, in turns, feeds on its creation to satisfy innate neurological and associated social needs. Not exactly the story you got from the Old and New Testament or other sacred text, but surely a fascinating exploration of how religion helps “soothe” the mind in a stressful world. One can see this at work when people with strong religious beliefs are able to cope with tragedy in a fashion that reduces the initial shock and guides them to a successful response.
Chris came into the garage at some point during this, and agreed to make my cuts for me with the jig saw. I don't fit behind tools anymore, so I either have to bend over waaaay low to get things below my belly, or just pass the task of to Chris.
This kitchen also has the glass doors on the upper cabinets, cabinets to the ceiling and MARBLE counter tops. Not crazy about the horse above the stove though (who would do that to such a nice kitchen?).
I sketched a simple teapot shape and enlarged it on the computer. I used this as a template to make my card base. Once I had the shape cut out I added the striped sage paper at the top and bottom of the card. I softened the edges with a little pale green blending chalk. I used Creative Inspirations Paint in Winter Frost and added a little detail to the edges with a paint brush. The shimmer really added that little something extra to the card. I gathered a piece of cream lace by hand and glued it to the card, I attached a little garden twine over this to make it a little more secure.
I had high hopes for “Illusion.” Maybe 20 years back, I’d enjoyed “This Present Darkness,” as well as other Peretti books. I think I’ve read that this is his first book in seven years.
OK - things have been rather busy and hectic recently with one thing and another.
- Show my thanks to the blogger who gave me the award by linking back to them.
Season three opens with a few new characters. After having success with the first two seasons, Sheehan moved on to other projects. If you follow the series closely, you are immediately turned off by the new addition of “Rudy”. Rudy is basically Nathan played by a different actor, but also has taken the raunchy humor even higher than Nathan. After the first two episodes I was going to stop watching the series, but then I realized that the writers overcame the loss of Sheehan. The humor is still hilarious and the characters still maintain some integrity without completely falling apart. I actually enjoyed the character of Rudy, played by actor Joseph Gilgun.
9. Get the B.C. government out of education, ending the "monolithic union influence," and set up a voucher system so parents can send children to a school of their choice in a vibrant marketplace with multiple options for both parents and teachers.
Shirt (underneath): Walmart
Off she goes again but this time it is clear that she has reached her destination; the hollow of the tree in the hedge behind the compost. Ah ha! I will return there later to collect that egg.
Begin the hours of this day slow.
This April 22, the world is going to celebrate Earth Day! And so we must continue being green and being clean (: Vote my entry. And if you want, you could enter this contest too. It’s really fun, plus you can even share your ideas and be a good example to the world and its people.
The Christmas edition of The Economist (17 December) carries a fascinating feature, "Portrait of the artist as an entrepreneur", which you can read in full on The Economist website here. This article chronicles the manner in which Albrecht Dürer commercialised his art works and explains the cost-effectiveness of generating printed engravings and woodcuts in preference to painting in oils: the effort was comparable, but the profitability of selling copies made the non-painting options far more attractive and the publicity and exposure helped expand his reputation far more than one-off paintings which were often viewed only by the commissioning party and his immediate associates.
I hadn't heard of Australian blogger Oliver Dupon of Dossier37.tumblr.com, but then he probably hasn't heard of me either. But thankfully he has made it his job to check out over 70 artisans from all over the world and bring them together in one place.
*We got a job in Brigham City, which led to the selling of our townhouse in Omaha, and moving back "home".
There are many types of bullying, including racial bullying, sexual bullying and cyber bullying. Bullying includes name calling, saying or writing derogatory comments, purposely excluding an individual from activities, spreading lies and rumors, ignoring, threatening, doing anything to make another person feel uncomfortable or scared, stealing or damaging belongings of others, kicking, hitting, slapping, and making someone do things they do not want to do.
As my dear 9 year tells me when I try to explain to her this plan without crying, " Mom, if it is God's will, than no matter what, we will happy."
I got to thinking what it would be like to really wean ourselves off our addiction to money and consumerism and with the #OWS movement now out in full force campaigning for our rights to equality and justice I find myself thinking about it all over again. This process has showed me how much could be changed about our day to day lives if we didn’t use this kind of pervasive and perverse system. I think it can be handy, even just as an intellectual exercise if nothing else, to try to step outside the money way of thinking to allow mental space for the possibility of something new to grow. Just as science fition often becomes science fact, given enough time. I don’t claim to hold all the answers and there is so much out there I do not know enough about, but here is my 2 cents on the subject in the small hope it might help someone out there in a better position than I to do something about it:
DESCRIPTION: Want to boost your metabolism, lose weight and feel better? In this two hour class you'll get a better understanding of what your metabolism is, how you can accelerate it and just what foods will rev it up or put the brakes on it. Find out the biochemical problems with Low Fat Diets and why a breakfast of cereal and skim milk does not “do a body good.” Maria’s recipes and diet secrets have been featured on television programs, radio shows and magazine articles. She has also been interviewed many times on the importance of balancing your brain neurotransmitters and how that equates to weight loss success. The more sugar we eat, the more we crave it. If you start your day off with cereal and skim milk, you aren’t going to be able to walk by the candy jar in your office at 2pm! Check out these to breakfast comparisons:
For those of you still interested enough to hear more of me (!!) there is another interview being broadcast this week on BBC Radio Scotland; it’s part of a series called ‘Pioneers’ and I was really flattered to be asked to contribute, especially as I feel like there is still so much more I would like to achieve. The presenter, Clare English, was a real joy to work with, and to be honest it felt more like a chat with a good friend than an interview!
I just had to promise not to deface...sorry, customise...them before this weekends preview. Speaking of which...
She Can't Find Her Keys...Paul Peterson
He signalled last week that he plans to use his final months in office to speak out forcefully on issues about which he feels passionate.
And oh my God that was exhausting. And hard. And I cried.
At 6:31am, Iowa City Police received an emergency call from a cell phone. The caller said that police needed to immediately respond to 629 Barrington Rd. and then disconnected. A dispatcher was unable to make contact on call-back.
And these beliefs follow us toward adulthood. I, of course, being inquisitive, questioned my geography teacher, who told me it would be New Zealand.
In today’s world, our generation has become increasingly dependent on our smart phones. During every free moment in our hectic lives (such as lunch), we are texting friends, checking emails, playing games, or checking our social networking page. It angers me how people get caught up in their smart phones and not pay attention to the other people around them. I find this to be rather rude and insulting.
"Do you want her to be calm and beautiful?" asks the teacher.
But, today on a longer-than-normal drive back north, I realized something: I'm young. Twenty somethings are supposed to be unsatisfied... and honestly, if I wasn't, I'd be extremely worried about myself.
Superheroes, on the other hand, reveal the best things about our humanity by comparing physical capabilities with mental and/or emotional facilities. The hero isn’t a hero because he has super-strength. The hero was a hero, first; the powers come later. (There’s a reason DC chooses Batman, the only “human” superhero, always to save the day.) Heroes are heroes because they choose to be. They are the best in each of us and to present them any other way is a mistake. Their flaws, the obstacles to their self-awareness, these things make them better heroes. Superheroes give us a template for being better people: working through your weaknesses is what makes you strong.
Let compunction flow in this barren heart,
These are delicious and unbelievably easy to make! You know I'm all about the easy! This is one of my favorite holiday treats. It's my "go to" snack for cookie swaps and office potlucks, etc. One set of supplies will make a ton of these, so let me walk you through the simplicity:
2: news and weather (cuts, tape flip) :27
Daffodil Delight RGB: 255, 211, 92
I’ll admit it, up until two weeks ago I had never tried a brussel sprout and I certainly turned my nose up at them whenever someone suggested that I try them. Why? I have absolutely NO IDEA.
Wanting others to like what you like is perfectly normal. But where many people go wrong is in how they attempt to approach it. With friends, you mostly have to be respectful about it, and introduce things in a "I think this is so cool and thought you might too, want to watch it/read it/try it with me?" But when it comes to children, so often their very thoughts are considered to be under parental control (because really, what is attempting to teach something against someones will if not attempting to control their thoughts?), parents decide what their children should be interested in, and decide to make it happen.
Frugal Dad.com is an extremely useful website. It has a blog style article section that shares many useful information posts, such as 'how to save on the cost of your summer vacation', or information about emergency dentists. The articles are very factual and informative. They can be followed on:
A simple website for college students all over the nation to share what their quirky professors say with millions of their closest friends.
A headline to a Guardian article today giving the findings of the Commons culture, media and sport select committee declares:
The newly constructed Hungarian constitution reflects an awakening of cultural and moral sensibilities, it recognizes the continuum of history above the trashy verbiage of EU treaties and grants citizenship to Hungarians who live in annexed regions. The Constitution expresses Hungarians’ belief in the role of Christianity in preserving nationhood. It declares that marriage is the sacred union of a man and a woman, and it protects human life from the moment of conception. In addition, the government has withdrawn financial support from money-mongering churches.
Also - when I almost ruined a perfectly good roast in the oven - the fresh garden potatoes were all anyone cared about anyway :)
Tuesday had me boozing it up with Andraste and Fresh Hell (missing her favorite TV show’s premiere), and we had ourselves a time. Old Knudsen and Dive, we so talked about you. We also shared stories of drink, music, baseball, men folk (I know what SPOUSE’s name is!), gabbing and gabbing until we were drowned out by the karaoke performers—and then we laughed. The rest of you Boston blog friends missed a great time. You know who you are. Plus Ten
Archangel Michael on NESARA, Disclosure, and the Transition
Offering free instruction on how to do something seems to be the most popular headline out there – online and off. People love to get stuff for free and people who are selling things love it even more. If you, like me, are trying to establish yourself as a fiction writer but also as a content expert, you should make sure to use some of these headlines, sprinkled in with your book sales tweets. I don't yet have my first Romantic Suspense novel done/released, so these tweets dominate my current stream of linky-tweets.
This last paragraph comes the closest to telling me the gist of the story, but it should be expanded to the size of the whole query and should absorb pieces of (but not all) of the paragraphs above it. The skeleton of the story here is that two people need to find the same guy—Grandpa Henry—for different reasons and they come together to make that happen. But we don’t learn this information until the last paragraph and by that point, you seem to be wrapping up.
If you are to check the six printer ic would take care 24 pins! That's why many small businesses are turning to the hilton hotel birmingham nec to access typical desktop PC applications. Benefits to the metropole hotel birmingham nec to access their desktop environment and applications using any VPCC thin client products are US300c and US110c. Both solutions feature a separate graphic accelerator for satisfying performance and supported unique feature such as the hilton hotel birmingham nec a single purchase 20,000 lumen projector cost-effective solution for your company's communication needs, you can compare them. Using an analog meter also can do the hilton hotel birmingham nec. Compare the hotel birmingham nec of all calls take time away from work that is either not suitable for your money.
Call me a conspiracy theorist…
I hope you enjoyed all of these beautiful creations from our wonderful and talented Design Team. Please stop by their blogs and leave them some LOVE if you get a chance! Don't forget you can play along with us by uploading your creations to our Customer Gallery. At the end of the month we'll do a drawing and you could win a gift certificate to the LLLC Store.
4. Lady, be Good
Using a mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar until light, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in vanilla.
South Africa for the huge amount when the agency had a training deal
I'm not sure if I've mentioned before but he is a serious groper. He gets very angry with me if I stop his busy hand from rubbing and running anywhere he can reach. This is a BIG issue for me. I've been working with him on it since he was 7 or 8 months old and am not having much luck. Any time I have worn a nursing necklace, he has beaten me with it, so this hasn't helped. I usually have to wear a tank top under a long sleeved shirt to limit his access. Why the trouble you ask? Because the sensation is SO uncomfortable for me on SO many levels. It gives me MAJOR heebie jeebies and always has. It's just too much touch on sensitive skin all at once for me and I find myself gritting my teeth just to get through it.
It is quite the topic this year-Christ centered Christmas!
One interesting thing about the Bohn signage though is it mostly appears on commercial buildings, obvious rentals and a lot of vacant homes. Obvious that Bohn is supported by the landlord class in this town.
I go crazy in the morning,
Listening to the string quartet, accompanied by a pianist, this evening, I liked the first piece. The second piece sounded to me like a couple of six-year-olds banging on a piano to drown out the cellist, sometimes in harmony with the violin and viola, sometimes not.
Zucca is raining down punches, and Lash is trying to buck him off. But, Zucca is keeping his balance and maintaining a steady stream of strikes from the top. This fight might get stopped, and it is.
And, in essence, those are the significant, declassified portions of the file that relate to animal disease and death that some perceived as potentially sinister in nature.
While the famiy loves and appreciates the visitors- it is best that Marissa not be in large crowds of people with tons of questions etc. She just needs to take it one person, and one day at a time.
Jerome: Not a change of place, for God, by whom all things are filled, cannot be absent from any place; but He seems to be absent from the vineyard, that He may leave the vine-dressers a freedom of acting.
The stake of this “unusual” festival is as big as it is straightforward: living proof that the spirit of Romania may be included in the circuit of universal values, but maintaining the ineffable component not subject to marketing, by supplying real values that contribute to Romania’s real, clear and soulful image in world .
The elephant in Botswana is a different type than the elephant in Thailand; even more different are the contexts in which these elephants live and the types of responses that the societies and governments take to protect them. The “colonial study abroad student” who lacks curiosity about the context of the host country, and who takes the experience without sharing it, may need to be pushed by the desire to gain university credit. But there may be other ways to raise curiosity in students and wean them from the veranda. We have perhaps left too little unstructured time in the programs: time alone in which boredom can breed curiosity.
“I should have gone. You’re probably not doing it right.”
I also had a cactus bloom over the last couple of weeks, it is probably confused.
Now, you may doubt that Jesus's Mom would appear to people in chocolate drippings, grilled cheese sandwiches, or tortillas, but you have to remember that this is America, and we are big, fat fucks, and the only thing that we will pay attention to is food or TV. The Virgin cannot demean Herself by appearing on "The OC" (like there are any virgins on there, anyway; She would stand out like a sore thumb amongst all those teenage whores), so food it is.
Psalm 46:1 God is our refuge and strength, an ever-present help in trouble.
In a small bowl, stir together the sugar and cinnamon and set aside. To make the cookie dough, stir together the dry ingredients. In a bowl with a paddle attachment, cream the butter. Add the sugar and continue to mix, then add the eggs, corn syrup, and vanilla, and mix thoroughly. Add the dry ingredients and mix until blended. Chill dough 1 hour if it's sticky or difficult to handle.
If this is the way the non-grieving public learns about grief, no wonder so few of us understand what grieving means until we find ourselves immersed in this strange new world. Because of the lack of characters who grieve properly, I’ve been toying with writing a book about a grieving woman, even going so far as to write a few scenes while the emotion is still fresh in my mind (though I can’t imagine ever forgetting what it feels like to grieve for a soul mate — every single day in a thousand ways, I am reminded once again that he is gone).
He needs constant care 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 52 weeks of the year.
“What is that?” queried the Wise Elder, a.k.a. Older Sister, All-Seeing Eye. “What do you mean?” I retorted rather unconvincingly as we departed our hotel. “That thing around your waist,” pointed a finger. “Are you serious?”
“O, of the other poets honour and light,
The Guns of Navarone (dir. J. Lee Thompson & Alexander MacKendrick , 1961)
okay. back to bed for me. night all!
5. I love to watch cooking shows while I stitch.
Something which nearly any computer end-user has is wallpaper on their deskop.
If you will be studying at Griffith for at least two more semesters (Semester 2, 2011 and Semester 1, 2012), are available to attend training, and are interested in taking on leadership positions on campus, we would like to hear from you!
they are sweeter than honey,
Funky Hand are having a DT call here. I have been pondering for a few days whether to apply and finally decided why not. Have to be quick though as the call ends today. Trust me to be last minute.
This morning when my Husband and I checked Cozi (my favorite app), we noticed that we had a day off! There was no t-ball game to rush off to, no doctor’s appointments for anyone, you get the idea. What is one to do with a full day off?
In the meantime…..I received my new Ballard Catalog in the mail yesterday! A fun distraction from all of the work! I am loving lots of things they’re showing this go round. And saw some fab. DIY ideas!
"Bake at 250 to 350 degrees Fahrenheit for 1 1/2 to 3 hours. The lower the temperature the longer, but with the higher temperature you run the risk of browning. Of course, there’s no harm in browning them if you don’t mind the color, or if you are going to cover them completely with paint. "
"I'm ... okay," I slowly answered.
Video game engaged
Fmr. Sen from Maine Left wing radical. Has said Israel should be split up into "2 or 3 " smaller more manageable plots". (God forbid) A true anti-nuclear, anti-gun, pro homosexual "special rights" advocate.
Following my tradition, I am picking up where I left off last year: Hot Springs, NC. I have planned an ambitious 120 mile walk to U.S. 19 north of Erwin, TN. But you know what I say about plans? They are made to be changed. How can you change plans if you don’t have one to begin with?
USA Today
The Class
I kept trying to run while putting the camera back into the pouch of the hand held bottle, got incredibly frustrated and at mile 4 decided to put the camera in the safest place in the world, my jog bra. By mile 5, I felt a BZZZZT in my bra and it really hurt! As I ran over to the side of the course to stop, the BZZZZZT wouldn’t stop- I pulled out the camera, forced it into the water bottle pouch and shook my head… my teeth felt really funny and my jaw was kind of sore. Who completely electrocutes them self during a race?!?!?
There are two sides to a death. The side you see; the tears, the mourning, the hugs, the flowers, family, friends, ceremony and trimmings. Then there is the business side of death the side you don't see until you are the one charged with settling your loved one's last wishes. That side is clinical. There are rules, there are regulations, there are expenses and paperwork that all the kind hearted, compassionate people in the world cannot take that away.
and the piano’s out of tune.
Off to Dead-Blog Heaven in the sky.
523900 Other financial investment activities (including investment advice)
The harpist's unorthodox tool kit.
Date:3 January, 2011
Now that you've arrived the days are flying off the calendar so quickly that I haven't even had a chance to blog but once so far this month and it's already the tenth! For some reason at the beginning of this deployment time just seemed to drag on and on. Maybe because it's a much longer deployment than last time, but for whatever reason it just seemed to take FOREVER!!!!
Exhibit A.
Much lonelier as well.
A March 8 2008 article in CorpWatch reported that the the firm 'is a key advisor and prime contractor to all of the major U.S. intelligence agencies...) Among the many services Booz Allen provides to intelligence agencies, according to its website, are war-gaming- simulated drills in which military and intelligence officials test their response to potential threats like terrorist attacks.'
History behind “Pocahontas Samincha “
I am the only member of the Radical Honesty culture and religion, in South Africa. Our culture is founded on the principle of Radical Transparency.
For 29% of those interviewed, the Dilma Rousseff regime is regular. Another 5% said it is bad or terrible. In January the figures were 33% and 6%, respectively.
This time the explosion did not seem nuclear and it did not come all the way to the fairground, and there were several explosions and secondary explosions, and I was able to see all of this from the sky like a camera person.
As for the Pakatan, once the full result of the GE-13 is known, it must swiftly swear-in and take control of the country. Whether it will be blocked by the army and the police on UMNO’s orders is a different issue and needs to be solved separately. But Pakatan must seize the day, it must be tough and clear-minded. If UMNO refuses to cede power, and creates riots, Pakatan should play smart and not fall into UMNO’s trap. The United Nations, of which Malaysia is a member, will surely be watching and they will help to ensure order by putting pressure on UMNO.
When I feel inspired to write a post here I find myself swerving toward the positive. I guess I keep my sad times to myself. They still happen and they usually take the form of NOT writing on the blog. Conspicuous by my absence I guess.
but today?
That’s a very appealing notion for many people in America these days, and it’s worth glancing at the reasons why that should be so. To begin with, of course, a great many people in America do sit on their backsides and get rich. Most of them sit in the corner offices of large corporations, where they spend their time making decisions that, to judge by the results, would be better off made with one of those Magic 8-Balls: “reply hazy, ask again later.” John Kenneth Galbraith pointed out with a commendable lack of restraint in his book The Culture of Contentment that in America, as a rule, the more money you make, the less work you have to do—and, one might add, the less value you have to produce. Consider the upper reaches of the American banking industry, with their multimillion-dollar annual bonuses: what, other than misery for millions of ordinary people, do they actually produce?
about 1/2 cup powdered sugar in a small bowl
Handle with Care by Josephine Myles – the blog tour
The weather is crazy here! I could barely see out my window this morning for the snow! It's died down a bit now, but look at all of the pretty snow!
Typing out the quote above, I wondered if I'd discovered the secret to Chris Christie's rhetoric. It's a rule of 3. Say something once. Then restate it with the same key words, but in a somewhat different order. Then say it a third time, carrying over some key words — e.g., "America" and "next 5 weeks" — and add on one new thought. (Let me know if you see other examples of what I'll call The Christie Rule of 3.)
Just when I thought (hoped) I was done writing (downloading) about DNA and I stare at my computer screen waiting for the information to flow all I can see are these spirally things sticking out of a body. I touched on these in one of my posts (I think the first one about the three phases of DNA) it seems we are going to understand this further!!
even today i can see your neat and tidy apartment in my mind. it was STUNNING in it's cleanliness. there was never a plate in the sink, and all your copper-bottomed revereware was shined to a mirror finish and hung, in order of size, on the wall. your bed was made so tightly you could have bounced a quarter off of it. all this order wasn't a detriment to your entertaining though.......i loved coming over! we had the best time.........you'd cook me a dinner of mac and cheese, a hamburger patty and peas, and then we'd watch t.v. afterwards (a favorite was 'chico and the man'). we'd go to bed and hold hands talking until we fell asleep. you would always rub my head and my back.
When Jane shows up, William tells her he's thinking about going to Mexico, and he wants her to go with him. She accepts. Bernice doesn't like the idea.
That statistic is disturbing.
Students can read anything! That includes picture books, poetry, chapter books, nonfiction texts, class publications, reading group books.... anything!
What have I done? Monthly grocery shopping across the street by Friday (Saturday is a 'NO Plastic' day), spring cleaning, laundry and paid the rent by Saturday. Ahh.. and today I'm savoring my much needed rest and...
He stood motionlessly, cup in hand, staring out across his yard. If someone had have been traveling down Foxtrot Road at that moment—perhaps on their way into town, headed for work—and looked into Richard Dansky’s front yard, they would have seen the distinct outline of a tall man. Even in the darkest hours of morning, a passerby would have noticed Richard’s rigid and expectant posture. Perhaps they would have noticed the way his chin was raised at an angle, as if he were deep in thought. They would probably assume that Richard was waiting with an almost inspirational gait for the southern Virginia sunrise as he thought about some unnamed task the day would bring.
In the summertime, my mom, the older bro's (brother #3 wasn't born yet), and me would ride our bikes up to the library and spend a couple hours there. Mom would enjoy quiet time around one of her favorite things in the world: the written word. She has quite the library herself at home, too. This library had a decent children's section, but the coolest thing about it was the claw-foot tub. Yes. The library had a claw-foot tub in the children's section to sit in while reading. Since most kids were at summer camps or daycare whenever we went, it was up to my brother's and I to take turns reading in the tub. It's still weird for me to walk into other libraries and see that they don't have a tub. As long as we were good, didn't fight over the tub, and didn't bother mom, we would be able to pick out one piece of candy from an old-school pharmacy store as a treat on the way home. I always picked Necco wafers since there was "so much more candy" than a single candy bar and would last longer. I still smile whenever I see them in a store. Thanks for humoring me with a trip down memory lane.
I was chatting to the horribly young Valerio after he had delivered our wood for the winter when he happened to point out that he and his brother were responsible for clearing the snow from our roads (see above, that is him last winter). "Lordy" I said, "what a wonderful job, all that power and effect, master of all that you see, clearing a path for us humble peasants" in effect the usual nonsense.
"Therefore, since we have been justified through faith (not religion or good works), we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ, through whom we have gained access by faith into this grace in which we now stand.
Nasty Women by Andre Williams
We are really looking forward to seeing what you come up with ... you never disappoint!
"There is only the game," says Shakuni, "and it must be played out." Yudhishtira is a kshatriya, a warrior, and because honour is all, a warrior cannot under any circumstances refuse a challenge. So he plays the game, and all is lost, including his freedom and that of his four brothers and their adorable fearless wife Draupadi. Yes, you read
The question is, why?
of conjurors
Does my hair need 'elasticizing'? Is that a word? Is hair meant to be elasticated? I don't know.. it doesn't really sell itself to me, so this may be a product I end up giving away to someone.
They trod the trails for Vets Day
---My new friend Lauren has been in many of these photos with me cus she is the party queen. Always something happening in that girls plans so she's the one to know! She hosted a Soup Party at her parents home about 30 min away from the city and it was just a cozy night to be in a home with pumpkin and thanksgiving decorations, friends, lots of pots of soup, and games. Fun fall idea.
and that other lot over there too
On with the treatment of Chapter 1 of 50 Shades of Grey…
So, this brings us to December 2010 when I did something obnoxious to my foot.
SO, WHAT ABOUT OUR BANKS ?
had a German hefe nose,
Jamie should have known something was off about the church of the Right and the Real from the start, especially when the Teacher claimed he wasn’t just an ordinary spiritual leader, but Jesus Christ, himself. But she was too taken by Josh, the eldest son of one of the church’s disciples, and his all-American good looks. Josh is the most popular boy at school too, and the first boy outside the drama geeks to give Jamie a second look. But getting her Dad involved in a cult was not part of the plan when she started dating Josh. Neither was her dad’s marriage to the fanatic Mira, or getting kicked out, or seeing Josh in secret because the church has deemed her persona non grata.
Steven and I had a rocky relationship, I couldn't handle his alcoholism and I'd slap him, or kick him away.... I was becoming violent!
Best thing about the drive to State College, and what route do you take?
2 were in the registration tote I received when I checked in
Really, I had already been teaching myself all of this. I researched some other programs across the US but ended up not wanting to leave the Bay Area. How much more do I need to learn? Maybe I just wasn’t confidant enough to think I could actually start this venture on my own…
One of my favorite blogs was the one titled Game of Thrones and the Seduction of Nerdism, in which I discussed the way in which I overcame my hesitancy and became a huge fan of the series. My goal with this piece was to display my own misgivings which others may relate to and then show how wrong I was. Because Game of Thrones is so visually appealing, it was not difficult to find images which help to prove my points. The introduction is long, but none of my other blogs contain as much voice as I felt this one did, which is why when I discovered that my first attempt to post it (on this horrible computer) had failed, I found the word document in which it was originally written and reposted it. Upon receiving comments about the blog, I changed the organization of the introduction to, hopefully, make it more engaging to someone who is unfamiliar with the series, without delving into the complex aspects of the plot. Discovery was the theme of this post, and I hoped it would inspire others to discover those complex narratives for themselves.
Little did she know, I thought connivingly, that me and Bogdan, when we’d no fanny to hand, would take turns on each other in what he liked to call the ‘Daisy Chain’, whereby I would anal him (or vice versa) while giving him a reach-reach around wank, while he would be reaching behind (a reach behind, I suppose) wanking me off, while I, with my one free hand would be rimming myself and trying to reach my male g-spot, while he, with his one free hand, would be left to tickle his own balls. It was an invention we both conceived of one night we were doing coke and had the horn a weaker.
I choose to show my children cancer is not the boss of us.
FROM "LEONARDO DICAPRIO THINKS YOUR PRETTY"
Another idea is to have a photo booth during cocktails and the photos taken are the favor. Or set up a dessert buffet with bags or pastry boxes for guests to pack up for home.
Emotions happen. And at times, they can be uncomfortable and difficult to manage. When emotions about personal matters surface while we are wearing our so-called professional social work hats, we must decide if and when this “countertransference” can be used to help support our clients.
A frothy mix will spread to cover
Bag of Surprises
I know you can find all kinds of tutorials and zentagles and other cool tips to draw mandalas, so I won’t bore you with how I got mine mapped out. Instead, I’ll just give you this link to the basic map of how to get the feel for getting one started: How to Draw a Mandala.
Recorded brain waves are from zero to 24 cycles per second. The brain waves of a person in a meditative state are in alpha state, and the frequency ranges from 9 to 14 cycles per second. During theta state, the brain waves’ frequency goes even slower, from 5 to 8 cycles per second. Physicist Bob Beck discovered that during mystical work, the brain waves of clairvoyants and psychics were at 7.8 cycles per second, the same rate as that of the resonance of the earth.
"Friends" are telling me not to be "hard" on myself. People are telling me who to date, what to think, where to go. Telling me what I "should" do, how I should do it, and at what speed I should proceed. I am not asking for advice. This is all unsolicited. What is it about a single woman that invites every Tom, Dick, Harry, Joe, Pete, Steve, Mike, Jeff and Marshall to think they need to give me direction? And yes the only people telling me what to do ARE MEN.
Here's the location if you are interested in going, and yes, they do take out!
It’s 825am this morning and I’m staring at a blank page. The dog is lick-licking herself behind me. It is the background music to the click-clicking of my laptop keys. I don’t know what the hell to write, but I will say as I read the news this morning – I felt like things were all about me. I often read the NY Times and the Huffington Post, pretty much everyday. I read them at the end of the day when I know what I’m going to write first thing in the morning. When I don’t, I read them first – the stalling and the reading often helps to churn up new ideas.
Lately a picture has been passed around on Facebook, and probably also other places. It is depicting an Israeli soldier, standing with one food on a Palestinian girl, pointing his weapon at her, while the girl’s sister is sitting crying next to them. This is passed in order to show the cruelty of the Israelis, or at least the soldiers (but since the general notion is that all Israelis are going to be soldiers, all Israelis are cruel anyway).
you can find your love with diagrams
As Dr. Phil would have said, “How’s that working for ya?”
“This is a clue.” Grayson brandished Elizabeth’s parting note in his fist.
My friend Sid and I used to have a blast over IM. We thought we were so funny, we'd cut and paste our IM conversations and save them to Word. (Well, I did).
Backward Roll To Crab Crawl
As for writing, I have much the same problem. When I write I imagine a scene and through that imagination I watch my characters act and react, hear what they say, see what they do and write it down. When I try to do the same for first person, I find it difficult not to think of myself when writing 'I'. So I can't see the character. Does that make sense to anyone other than me?
In November 2011, Sean sought and was granted a bankruptcy order. IBRC contested the grant. Today the judge in the High Court in Belfast issued a judgment in which he annulled the previously given order, and it now seems almost certain that IBRC will attempt to bankrupt Sean in Dublin.
As much as I was dealing with Guide’s credibility, I had to wrestle with my personal sense of failure. I’d swallowed misinformation – hook, line and sinker – and had used my professional skills to convince others. Should I have known this information was false? Did I even want to know?
As my late mother, the musician, would say (and did, the first time she ever heard this song), DO YOU HEAR the difference in a big-ass stand-up bass (as she called it) and a regular electric bass? Ka-thump, ka-thump, ka-THUMP.
14. Sweet and Sour Chicken
Evening follows on your name
Andrew Barr shares the experience of his own partnership ceremony, to provide a sense of the human element in this highly politicised issue.
as the first step in the sales process, brokers ignore the
Thanks for everything you do! I love you all!
As a college speaker, Loren speaks on an array of topics to fit diverse audiences with the end results being to inspire, motivate and empower musicians to business persons, entertainers to accountants and everyone in between.
While the story is based on an imaginary scientific scenario, the book is not a debate on the medical ethics of cloning. The events that take place which ultimately lead to their determined end explore, ironically, what it means to be human. Using the intricate relationships of the threesome, Ishiguro goes deep into issues of love and loss, dreams and reality, wrongs and their amends, and the ultimate search for the source of being, the very purpose of existence.
For I remain as God created me.
The mayo clinic states that the percentage of females who are unable to lift over ten pounds between the ages of 55-64 is forty percent of the population and for those in the 63-74 age bracket these numbers rise only slightly to forty five percent. However, it gets much worse for the 75-84 year olds, where a full sixty five percent of them were unable to lift ten pounds.
That's right, you found me out. I'm a big Star Trek nerd. I heart Star Trek. And while I usually avoid graphic-printed tees because I think they often seem sloppy and juvenile (um... see last photograph), I give in when it comes to Star Trek-themed shirts. Which leads me to this little conundrum...
Good Evening Everyone,
If you see yourself in these descriptions, you’re not alone! And you’ll want to know what to do about it.
And then we talk about the book.
Then we behold the crucifix; and we say, “Oh.”
I missed him though so when I got back to the States his sister Brenda came to live with me. She is "Brenda the stay at home". Her Gaelic name is Blathnaid. She is stylish and organized...(two things I am not)...and although she loves a good joke (like all leps) she is more mild mannered than her brother. She is here to stay!
Tuesday from 3 PM to 6 PM
7) The people are buying more guns because their neighborhoods are becoming more dangerous, and their neighborhoods are becoming more dangerous because the people there are buying more guns.
The first doughnuts were patted out by hand. A small wood fire was coaxed in a low, pot-bellied stove. A frying pan was used and the first doughnuts were fried “seven at a time.” The tempting fragrance of frying doughnuts drew the homesick soldiers to the hut, and they lined up in the rain, waiting for a taste. The word went around. “If you’re hungry and broke, you can get something to eat at The Salvation Army.”
When a baby is reaching a developmental milestone, they often struggle sleeping and get a little fussy or moody. Yeah, my daughter takes that to a whole new level. Today, she was crabby after breakfast (her favorite food, bananas!!!) and wouldn't cheer up all day! We played, we nursed, we walked, we sang, we nursed, we showered, we played with the dogs, we nursed, we went to the mall, we nursed, we refused to eat dinner, we got ready for bed, we nursed, we went to bed, we woke up 45 minutes later, we nursed, we finally went to bed. WTF???
And while we're up the Jura, another brewery from Laurent's comments: Trois Dames. I came across a few of their beers totally by chance in Bavaria Brasserie, a beer hall in Lausanne where I was expecting little other than draught Paulaner but found a fantastic selection of European beers, though not much local. We only stayed for the one so I made it Pacifique, a 5% ABV US-style pale ale.
A bit of sad news the cafe attached to my store has been closed indefinately. My brother (who has been running it for me) has been offered a fabulous job elsewhere and I am too busy with Decorating to give it the attention and investment of time that it needs. I would rather not do something if I can't do it absolutely to the best of my ability so I am closing it pending another tenant wanting to take it on.
election, or of the nearly 5,000 soldiers dispersed throughout the
No gloomy fears their souls dismay;
12. Transcendental Meditation
What this relates to is that, if suppose you start considering this online home-based business like any other businesses out there, your chances of achieving online business success grows up threefold.
But we know that her teeth were already rotten from eating too much sugar. We know that she suffered from panic attacks which made her sweat and she smothered herself with perfume. We know that her beautiful jewel-encrusted dress smelled of damp and it would have been rubbed with lavender and roses and thyme to mask it. We know that the hair is real – but a wig.
A very quick game lasting a total of one hour and forty-eight minutes, the Terrapins held on to their 1-0 lead and won the game with none other than one final strike out. But Bakich was not happy with the effort, despite the result.
Tora’s real life eating: I eat lentils more than beans, I love them with eggs! If you get flatulence with legumes, make sure you rinse them thoroughly and cry cooking them with kombu (seaweed). But I find a thorough rinse does the trick!
in a week than most people do in a year.
Midwives who have received notation as being eligible for Medicare provider numbers have reported to the group on their experiences.
Drew and Asher had a lot of fun while I was gone, of course. I received quite a few pictures of boys getting dirty outside, then getting sticky from jelly donuts. A good weekend was had by all. :-)
And mr. Dreads
wakes him, and he’s no longer
The Pomegranates are ripe and ready for eating here and as they are a great source of vitamin C, B5, potassium and supposed antioxidants that is what I am doing. The easiest way to remove the seeds from the white pulp membranes is to soak them in cold water or alternatively the whole fruit can be frozen, in which case the seeds also separate easily. I prefer to leave them on the trees until the last moment when the pods have split naturally and the seeds are most ripe.
Next time, Briony, keep your promise to Stepmother. Don’t pretend you’re interested in doing good. How long can a clever girl trick her own self? It’s been three years since you learned you were a witch. Perhaps you didn’t kill Stepmother, not technically, but that doesn’t mean St Peter’s going to wave you through the pearly gates.
“Art is a lie that makes us realize truth” – Pablo Picasso
If I rewind to two weeks ago, I sat at this very computer writing about my lack of inspiration and how I was spending much of my time dreading the future, rather than looking forward to it. That post and reflection opened my eyes to a state of mind that I was slowly adapting and accepting … one that commonly makes an appearance when I am faced with impending changes.
In short, he was saying that my life goal must not have wiggle room. I must decide–and decide quickly–what my first priority will be and stick with it. If God has called me to ministry to people with special needs, then I must continue on the path that leads me to that goal. There are so many scriptures that teach this principle that my mind was immediately filled with pictures of men going to battle with an adequate army.
“Mine is the night with all its stars” she whispered and closed her eyes. Sleep was a bridge between despair and hope and she had a long day ahead.
Luna is an 8″ x 14″ silk painting with intricate detailing surrounding a bright green butterfly and Hummingbird-Teacup is 5″ x 7″ that showcases a hummingbird fluttering above a freshly placed teacup.
*Window shop (for the fashionistas!)
There is an immense history and tradition behind all Japanese food. Through the meals and the cooking of them, they show their hospitality, their respect. It is a way of presenting their customs, their stories, their ancient history and their way of life. It is just what they do. And all the food is so healthy! I'm afraid my descriptions here only scratch the surface.
Mom thinks it was God that aligned their paths, because without this woman — this survivor —she wouldn’t have known where to start.
We were no match for Elvis.
Just let me know.
My question: Is diversity only lip service?
To start you off, a few I'd like to ask:
I don't know what made me dream last night. For some of it I was back at Lily Farm. There were some trespassers, and an unpleasant spell scrambling up rocks to escape a flooded river. I'll spare you most of it, because other people's dreams are very boring. But the end seemed worryingly plausible.
To serve, spoon enough beef cubes and the vegetables plus stock onto a plate and top it off with the cooked pappardelle.
Unfortunately as this is paid-for journal, unless you are a member, you can't look at it apart from the abstract (yes, it's a short story with an abstract. This is a journal, after all). But I know it's there, and that's a nice feeling.
(spc.rs) - On Monday, April 30, 2012 in the Greek parish of Holy Unmercenaries in Melbourn, the First Assembly of Priesthood of Melbourn and the surroundings.
The guide stopped again, shuddering visibly.
Got me thinking though, that maybe, babies who were born spontaneously from vaginas and breastfed probably have an advantage over those who were not. I mean, my granddad was your regular tough man from the block in his heyday with all the vices the world could provide at his hands. He used to smoke like a chimney and could finish two cases of beer in one sitting. He was born to a poor family of eight kids in the 1920’s, delivered vaginally with no complications and breastfed because there was no money for formula milk. He’s now 89 years old and, ignore the catheter dangling from his leg, he’s still spry. He has the most unbelievable immune system… although I’m not saying you should leave your kid/s with their vices, gosh no. Your brand of parenthood is uniquely your own.
Let's see you play with:
2012 Timeline on the Road to RootA
I get why Doomsday Preppers is on the air and I don’t knock Nat Geo for capitalizing on the increased interest in prepping brought about by economic turmoil, the solar maximum, and the arrival of 2012. In fact, even though I generally find myself scoffing at the television while watching the show, I think that we, as preppers, should be thankful that they are shining a light on the preparedness movement – even if that light isn’t as favorable as we might like. If the show plays up some of the worse prepper stereotypes in order to drum up an audience and leverages the idea that “all preppers are a little nuts” to get people to tune in, who cares as long at it inspires some people to think about being more prepared.
I bought him a special Kong collar™ today at Pet Supermarket. It's an inflatable "c" shaped collar that closes with velcro. It works like a cone, but doesn't protrude so that he runs into things or can't get a drink of water while wearing it. It'll keep him from licking his tender parts, but will almost be like a little pillow when he wants to lie down. I'll take a picture of him wearing it so you can see what it looks like.
The eyes are kept simple for this year and a duo of shimmering natural beige and chocolate brown would complement a day or evening soft smoky eye.
Dump this into the main pot. You should also put the green beans into the pot at this moment in time, and they will be perfectly done at the end. Cook for about 15-20 more minutes. The stew is now almost done. Add the chicken, stir a few times, then turn the heat off. You can serve it as is, with cheese grated on top, over rice, with cornbread, or however you like.
Rikard Spurt: "I love the Middle East. Whenever I come here, everything's so covered up and there are so many sexual taboos, that it's so much more erotic."
08/11/2010 SELL 0.01 xauusd 1204.05 08/11/2010 1200.04 +4.01
For some reason, almost all the Illamasqua blushes are matte. I think the formulation of this is deliberate - the theory is probably that if you want to add shimmer to them, you will layer on a separate shimmer product to customize the level, size, and type of shimmer/glitter you want - just like the pros. These are all work-appropriate since they are matte, and come in wearable colours. Despite the brand's outrageous image, today's swatches are all colours you can wear to the strictest office.
Ethereal dust sprinkled on thy eyes
Despite knowing nothing about the fairy tales woven into the book, the modern day references to movies and Disney World made the experience even more tangible. There was even a nod to the chat room in 'Beastly.'
All he can say is that SOE and Sigil are talking and that it seems that the relationship between the two companies will be closer in the future.
If true, that could be a CBS game, one would think. Thank goodness it’s a little cooler by then.
Back to my card, sorry I am terrible nervous about this surgery. So much "hangs" on it. The Tilda image is coloured with distress ink and is paired up with some designer papers from Blossom Soup from Jillybean Soup. The colours is to die for and it felt like summer was on it way when I made it. :)
Focus more on form than time today and everyday for that matter…All Planks begin with a Hinge Walk Out!!!
It is not always easy to prevent RSI that is caused from working in an office. Many factors can stop you from taking preventative measures. Your boss may have a large document to compile; you may be short staffed at work and having to cover for several colleagues over the holiday period or due to sickness; your company doesn’t have the money to provide a good desk set up for you despite your many requests; and the list goes on. However, there are measures you can take despite these types of obstacles:
Plus there’s nothing new I could add to by creating another male protagonist. There’s a lack of true reflection on the nature of what they do since it’s ‘expected’ of boys to be warriors, at least in literature. By having a female warrior it gave me the opportunity to question this, since Billi doesn’t have the same expectations of ‘what she should be’.
I haven’t gone crazy. I simply got a new app.
I have gotten into watching “Big Love” on HBO. I totally missed the first three seasons. The show should would be a lot better if I knew who the heck everyone was…..
2.All Ingredients must be at room temperature before beginning. Beat cream cheese with a mixer on low until fluffy.
Getting together with the particular troubles using this type of almost rapid development has kept all of us hectic, maybe cocooned,In . Deane says. "Everyone We've spoken to help -- actually adult men and some women in Mulberry in addition to your big style and design vacation spots * say that they have in no way experienced this type of unparalleled improvement inside because of this place, and they have by no means observed a developer brand make this kind inside of the true enthusiast starting." Astoundingly, your institution seemed to be got into contact with making use of the consumers of Harrods, try it for yourself part rails, plus Flowering dales in almost any : mature guys and females almost every other pattern developer product may well maybe devote days to weeks attempting to harmless plus seem to be some sort of having jointly along with - and all of which in turn the product the particular satchels.
To the rhythm of my unconsciousness
In summary, Internet Relay Chat (IRC) and message forums were one of the early modes of online communications with anonymous users. There was no expectation that the users would ever meet in person. Later, some groups and organizations used the Internet as their primary mode of communication, and meeting users in person was a by-product of attending club events. Nowadays, the norm of modern social media tools and websites is that profiles disclose a person's true identity, and meeting up with other users in person is no longer considered taboo or "weird". Websites like Meetup.com or Twtvite.com are examples of websites created to facilitate offline meetings of online communities.
As it currently stands, the president can get away with just about anything because he can always blame one of his appointments as the patsy or guilty party. In this way, massive crime can be committed with total deny-ability.
SPA PARTY!
In a presentation on Pixar’s approach, Randy Nelson highlighted their hiring and cultural strategy. Since Pixar is dealing with creative products, they take a slice from improve-theater. There are two rules there which translate well into the world of corporate creativity: accept everything that someone comes up with, and make your partner look good.
It is cheaper for you. It may be convenient for people to spend $8-10 and buy our music off iTunes or Amazon. And that is totally fine (that’s why we have options for you). Fortunately, we are able to sell our music for much less on Bandcamp. We are selling our digital and physical album for $3 and $7, respectively. If you are feeling even more gracious and want to further support our music, you can donate more. It’s all up to you. We make roughly the same amount of money as we do from iTunes, Amazon, and CD Baby, so don’t spend more if you don’t have to.
FOSTER CARE HOME
Knowing that the Manhattan-bound lanes of the Brooklyn Bridge were scheduled to close for emergency pothole repairs at midnight, savvy drivers headed out of Brooklyn around 11 p.m. Thursday night -- only to get stuck in a massive traffic jam as workers shut down the bridge an hour before it was supposed to close.
Well, it happened. The thing that I've been dreading for almost four years happened yesterday on a lovely, end of the summer evening with friends. We had been invited to a barbeque at a nearby neighborhood swim club that our friends belong to. It was Friday of Labor day weekend. Did we want to bring the kids over for a swim and a potluck dinner? Actually, yes! It is difficult for our family to socialize together with other families because of the Joshua factor. Barbequing at a pool is a perfect setting to give it a try. Swimming is one of the things that all of our kids, including Josh, love to do. The adults might even get some conversation in over a glass of wine while grilling some bacon wrapped pork chops.
Sunday, despite my raging plague, I ventured to join the public and sat as far away from the crowd as possible as my grandson was finally baptized. It was a great family gathering, I just wish I was more fit for human consumption.
What it's about (or at least how it seemed to me): Narrator Dom Ullis is a young, educated world traveller who occasionally frequents an opium den in a rather seedy quarter of Bombay in the '70's. There, he meets Dimple, the eunuch prostitute and pipe-handler. She becomes the moral and emotional center of the story, a seeker who loves to read and who continually reaches toward spiritual and philosophical clarity.
And then I heard the father talk.
Story by Stan Lee
don't really understand why I've subconsciously viewed my more
It's April. Teams for this year's World Championships won't be chosen until June. The World championships themselves won't be held until the end of August in Berlin Germany. But this year's Penn Relays was billed as a series of rematches between the US and Jamaica!
‘Needle Stuck on Lebanon’ sounded particularly resonantly. The broken record metaphor is galvinised to represent the ongoing attacks of Israel on Lebanon in 2006. The track opens with a siren, the crackles of a record player and recordings of radio, tv and internet news broadcasts covering the Israeli bombings – “the Israeli bombardment of southern Beirut has begun again, and again, and again,” one broadcaster is puppeteered by SC MoCha to stutter. The track’s high woeful melody meanders along before quickening to the sound of a crunching beat, like rubble underfoot, and missiles hissing.
So, here is my attempt:
I have also agreed to be part of a clinical trial which means I will be monitored more over the next 5 years to see how the grafts hold up in my heart.
Leaning on the counter,
John Miles Music UK
I have to laugh now (although I wasn't finding it overly amusing the night I made it), but looking back at Krista's post regarding the meal, she mentioned that her kids were not big fans of the "gravy". Ironically, my kids and I all really enjoyed the chicken, "gravy" and all (although I did put it sparingly on my kids' chicken)--it was my husband who didn't seem to care for it. (Not overly surprising--he's the pickiest eater in our home!) He thought the onion flavor was "too overpowering". Here's the thing...I fully admit that I've had onions that were VERY strong and while I happen to enjoy the flavor of onion, there have been times in which I've scraped off some excess, because it was in fact "too overpowering". By no means did I think the onion flavor was too much--it was actually a very mild onion. He kills me, too, because he asked me "are the onions cooked?". Ummmm...yeah...by TWO different methods! Not only did I saute them, but they were then baked within the sauce for about 25 minutes while my chicken was in the oven. (He even watched me take the chicken out, with the sauce covering it!) I love him dearly, but he drives me crazy sometimes!!! I've mentioned this in prior posts, but before we started dating (about 10 years ago), he literally ate the same 3-4 meal rotation. He NEVER would have considered eating onions before I started cooking for him, but he will eat them in certain dishes now. As far as this dish is concerned, I'm honestly not sure if it was more in his head, just because he previously had himself convinced that he didn't like onions and this chicken was obviously smothered in them. If he'd be willing to try it again, perhaps I'll try a Vidalia onion...doesn't get much more mild than that! In the meantime, I'm going to enjoy devouring the leftovers, all by myself :)
Just being a part of the Cupid’s Cup has been a very helpful tool for our business. The Dingman Center for Entrepreneurship has been and continues to be an instrumental source of advising for our company. Even if we didn’t win the competition, I know that just going through the process would have been worth it because of the time and effort the Dingman Center puts in and their true dedication to helping young entrepreneurs thrive.
While you're over there at scarletthread.com, check out a new pattern we're carrying, From Molehill to Mountain. It's not really new, just new to our site, and it's more than just a pattern: It's a 157-page book packed with instructions and diagrams for this intensive color study.
8.Spice Powder : 1 1/2 tbsp
Urad dhal - 1/2 tsp
Bombed houses the rain falls inside.
In this trap, we recreated time and turned every thousand hours into another day, another attempt to save our youth from the wasteland. On the broken stairs of time we walked and we asked God, “Why didn’t you let us choose our pain—for the pain of waiting is the ugliest kind of heaven. Allow us to choose our own pain for once. If we were permitted to make choices we might begin to think. And then we might believe, for a second, that we are human.”
“The ASPCA recommends that pet parents discontinue the use of all affected products immediately until further information has been received,” said Dr. Steven Hansen, the ASPCA’s Senior Vice President of Animal Health Services. “Pet parents should wash their hands after handling any potentially contaminated pet food and immediately consult with a veterinarian if any signs or symptoms are noticed in their pets.”
Israel, which annexed the eastern part of the Jerusalem in 1967, considers the entire city to be its sovereign capital, a claim not recognized by the international community.
I can never be what you need.
So close those eyes, no need to pin me
- clear and bright, unmovable and immutable....illuminating all" - "Tsung, Kao
Why spend so much time on this comparison between the Watergate scandal and Operation Fast and Furious? Because it is the Rosetta stone for understanding how Obama's Gangster Government came creeping in, bent on turning the United States into a total control grid, where vestigial scraps of freedom will be doled out by the State to obedient subjects. When a Gangster Government is not opposed by an honest media or the threat of meaningful congressional hearings, it is emboldened and it advances. This is the outcome of President Obama's new policy of ruling by executive decree, and his repeatedly stating that, "If the congress won't act, I will."
brads and gems from stash
Lemme unwrap that a little. I'm not saying that I could, say, eat 3000 calories of healthy food in a day and lose weight. I couldn't. What I'm saying is: if I eat mostly healthy, mostly unprocessed foods, I can cram a lot more food in for the same amount of calories. OH MAN. For me this is huge, because I a) love the physical process of eating and b) hate feeling hungry for any sustained period of time.
Just a few days to go before the wedding …Chuppah Day is May 6!
Further, Hale also has trouble with grammatical categories that Pullum does not take her down for. She uses the opening of a short story by Jo Ann Beard to talk about "static verbs": "Here is a scene. Two sisters are fishing together in a flat-bottomed boat on an olive green lake ..." Apparently, Hale sees "is" in the first sentence and "are" in the second as "static" verbs that should be used carefully so as not to make one's writing too static. But the "are" in the second sentence is part of the phrase "are fishing", and "to fish" is surely not one of her "static" verbs.
This witness is an expert in information technology and photo shop. He testifies that the birth certificate Obama provided to the public is layered, multiple layered. This, he testifies, indicates that different parts of the certificate have been lifted from more than one original document.
Ruvo’s obsession with funding neuroscience research was born from personal tragedy. In 1992, his father, Lou Ruvo, who owned a local Italian restaurant, started showing the early signs of Alzheimer’s, but after taking him to various physicians in Nevada, no one could seem to properly diagnose him. A physician friend recommended Lou see an Alzheimer’s specialist in California. “That started the journey,” says Larry Ruvo. “In the waiting room there were three patients: one in diapers, one in a wheelchair and another with his head bent over, out of it. My dad was still cognizant and he said, ‘This is what’s happening to me?’ I told myself if I could do anything to help, it would be to never allow people to lose their dignity.”
Yeah, it's Mini. Finally. Rice and Megs have been murdering me over and over. (Yes, that is possible.) Sorry I haven't posted- been busy, distracted, and bored. The kind of bored where you don't want to do anything.
I am wearing all ZARA, RAY-BAN aviators
Ah, memories.
Love – Do my actions show the love of Christ?
City Living
Pres. Obama has suggested that these affected states now call up the National Guard to work on this disaster....that is all well and good...but where do they get the proper equipment to perform their duties?
"Looking at Things a Long Time"
My godson spent the weekend with us because my friend was out of town until Sunday morning, so my morning started with a 30-minute drive to get him to his soccer game by 10. I stayed for the game because otherwise no one would be there to cheer for him. I didn’t mind doing this because my friend is a single mom in need of a break. I made my youngest go with me because both my son and my husband were sick (and we do call her Trouble).
What the idiots haven’t figured out yet is what they are going to do when all the whites have been slaughtered or driven out of South Africa and every last possession of white people has been plundered and destroyed. The answer is equally as clear – they turn on themselves and before long the beautiful country that whites built is reduced to rubble and is just another African civil war zone – until the neo-colonizers move in.
There are five romance related challenges alone and the best part are the words "challenge overlaps allowed".
Conservatives were much more likely than liberals to believe in life after death, with approximately 80% of conservatives/extreme conservatives reporting that they believe in life after death and only 66% of liberals/extremely liberals reporting the same. (All percentages are rounded upwards.) While a person's belief in life after death is not necessarily predictive of whether he fears death, the results are suggestive and weaken Pyszczynski's paradigm. The Pyszczynski et al theories would seem to imply that belief in life after death is a cognitive defensive mechanism but a sizable proportion of individuals with liberal orientations clearly exhibit the same phenomenon, so it is as least not a peculiarly conservative defence mechanism. And in any event, the number of people who absolutely reject the possibility of an afterlife is very small, only about 9% in this database.
Here's a little peek at one of the cuties...
not, it is an interesting manipulation – now they have us fearful and
governors are George Akume
Windsor Knot - ('Royal Wedding' commemorative beer) 4.5% ABV
I should also note that whenever rounding was an issue, I rounded AL up.
Consciousness of the Living World
The young American outlaw, Road, from the bygone anti-war days of the Vietnam War, is seeking passage to London via an olde short novel. He doesn’t want to foment riot, but to spice the riotous town with, well, more pizazz than it undoubtedly already has…
He lives in Brownhills in the West Midlands which, when last I heard, was home to several Guinness world record holders.
You've punctuated this first sentence oddly. If you take out the phrase between the dashes the sentence doesn't make sense: "drunks and late night security guards free tickets or a few hundred bucks." A dash is like a parenthetical statement. If you take it out the remaining part of the sentence should stand on its own.
I've always loved writing and I thought it would be great to share things I enjoy with others.
Pledge your support; together we can make a difference.
Sift in 2 tsp of cocoa powder, pinch of salt, a tsp of vanilla extract and 3 tbsp of flour, 1 tbsp at a time. I made a mistake in adding the flour all at once, and ended up with a thicker batter than I intended.
Learning from word of mouth
Silverstein removed the blog posts containing the illegally released material from his site and says he burned the transcripts in his back yard once Leibowitz came under investigation.
The BBC as well as New Zealand and Australian television news-networks have covered the racially motivated killing campaign Africans are conducting against the Afrikaner farmers of South Africa. Not Kyra and her colleagues at Fox, MSNBC, ABC, and CBS. No wonder, then, that the orchestrated ethnocide against the entire Afrikaner people has not been brought out into the open, as they like to say on CNN.
Has the way I tend to stare into her light-dilated eyes while she scrapes the doughnut remains from the buckles in wisdom teeth finally started to unnerve her to the point of filing a restraining order against me?
constitutional order. So Mr. Gross when he was retained was a
“ The only thing I ever found strange here in America was how strangers would come up to talk to me,” said Sapkota.”
3/4 teaspoon dill seeds
As you all know, there are SO MANY opinions/methods out there. Veganism, vegetarianism, food combining, raw foodism, etc. It's incredible the options we have these days from cloth diapers to salad dressings to house plans. Can we say overwhelming?
Father Time should send in erosion to sand off that North
While this achievement in creating a new FDC is commendable, it is certainly not the first time that an Indian company has developed a FDC, as is being projected in some of the news reports. Cipla and Ranbaxy and in fact most of the Indian drug industry has been extremely adept at developing FDCs. In fact Cipla is credited with pioneering FDCs in the battle against AIDs/HIV. One of its first such FDCs was Triomune, a FDC of three anti-retroviral (ARVs): Lamivudine, stavudine and Nevirapine. The FDC was credited with greatly increasing compliance amongst the HIV patient community since it did away with the need to take the three drugs independently.
Daddy presented her with a rose on the final night when she also received her very first trophy, which now has a proud spot in her room.
Changes to Employment Standards under Bill 68 = more barriers for workers
So I took a look, well best beloved, it certainly was that, given that she had eaten half the salad already before the picture below was taken. Seeing what chilli remained I would reckon she had eaten a whole chilli by that point, no wonder the poor dear was sweating like a horse. Still the removal of the rest of the chilli, a walk round the paddock and the swift administration of a medicinal pint of 1664 cooled her down swiftly.
And for those of you who were wondering what Alasdair was waffling about, Open Space, the Uni open mic night, is having fun times at Red House in Sheffield next Thursday. Click here for FUN TIMES DETAILS!
Maybe you want to know how they got the sample. Here’s how:
According to recent research put out by Climate Central, close to four million Americans now live in coastal communities that could see increased flooding caused by sea-level rise. The kind of flooding that was once considered extremely rare could happen more and more often, with devastating economic consequences.
6. I have always been a huge craft nut. I’m not great but I sure try, and fail a lot!
… And why is it that we pay lots of money to hear the messages of films when churches give us their message for free?
The jaws that bite, the claws that catch!
“Once we got there, our job was done,” Tasca continues. “I stuck around for a little while to make sure everything was OK. There were about a half-dozen hospital security personnel on the scene, as well as about four or five EMTs and nurses there. The girl walked over to the nurse’s
I think that beyond the act of writing itself and storytelling, Clarity has been an experiment in communication. My posts represent my raw thoughts and emotions squeezed through a lens of fiction, poetry, and photography. I've been intrigued to see whether and how others do the same. Like many things in life, the amazing successes I've had in these efforts are matched only by the magnitude of their failures.
I'm entering:
Sowing The Seeds Of Hatred
If there were two believers recently married, what should they do about sexual intercourse and children that might come forth? If there is no salvation, does this mean they should refrain from intercourse or trying to make a family? Or should they try anyway, knowing their child is unlikely to become saved, and may not even reach newborn status.
Interviewer: So your position is different when these operations take place in places with civilians, like markets, right?
Having considered the above request I am unable to provide much of the information that you require as it is not physically recorded and therefore does not fall under the scope of the Act. However in order to provide some explanation you may find the information below to be of interest.
With trailers the way they are nowadays, it’s a rare treat to hit up the theater and have your expectations knocked out of the ballpark into an adjoining state. Rarer still is having your movie expectations exceeded in spite of rave ratings and one’s Joss Whedon vein a-throbbing. So thank you, Drew Goddard, for this uncommon pleasure. And thank you, Joss Whedon, for getting me that much more stoked for The Avengers.
Recipes: I recently moved this to facebook. Recipe posts typically are only a link to a recipe and a couple pictures anyways so now they can be found in this facebook album. Older recipes can still be found under the "recipes" tab at the top of this page. I need to get back in the habit of trying new recipes too. Especially since hubby and I got some new kitchen gadgets for Christmas that we need to try out!!
Dennis Etchison – Calling All Monsters
on the kitchen table, four line stanzas,
... there is no better song...
Most of y'all know how THRIFTY I am, so I know it's no surprise to find out that I have made a $2.00 summer wreath for my backdoor. I found the grapevine wreath for a $1.00 at a friends garage sale (it was more like a quaint little gift shop, than a garage sale). Oh yes, I bought a car load of goodies from her. Then a few weeks ago at a neighborhood sale, I found these cute veggies for $1.00, so a summer wreath was born! My weekly Nifty Thrifty Tuesday party is still going on, so if you have not joined in, click here with your thrifty post.
32And we are giving you the good news of the undertaking made to the fathers,
In the words of my friend Taylor W.: “It’s involvement like that, not just in the Tech community, but in the CS industry as a whole, that gains the College of Computing at Georgia Tech the respect it has developed over the last few years.”
Yesterday, Scotland experienced snow, while the skies over southern England were grey with patchy rain. Further north, sunny intervals were interspersed with showers.
It's my garage and every single piece of paper my kids every drew on, every card all 4 of us have ever gotten, every art project, everything.
There is the process of Crushing the grapes, than Separation, Fermentating in eich grapes have sugar in them that makes them have a chemical reaction during this stage that the sugar from the grapes than turn into alcohol and carbon dioxide, Racking, Clarifying and Filtering, Aging and than finally the Bottling of the wine. This is when you finalyl can open the bottle, pour a glass and sit back and relax.
Anticipation is rife that government-owned mainstream media are almost certain to highlight the encroachment made by some of the Bersih 3.0 protesters which forced the police to act.
so she started climbing out. bella has always been a little houdini, getting out of her swaddlers, early and often. and that talent has carried over to the grocery cart strap. there isn't one that holds my child in. we have tightened them as tightly as they can go without making it a tourniquet on her tiny baby body, and sure enough she wiggles her way up and out of them.
Lifting less weight more times is just as effective at building muscle as training with heavy weights, a finding by McMaster researchers that turns conventional wisdom on its head.
10. What other artistic pursuits (if any) do you indulge in apart from creative writing?
chasing impossible ends,
WITH THE SOY MILK. BRING THE MILK TO A SIMMER, ADD ALL THE INGREDIENTS
Larkin Seiple
The public prosecutor appealed but after a number of postponements, the prosecutor withdrew the case.
I mean it’s far from bad, don’t get me wrong. That toffee, chocolate, rye and roast follow through into the mouth and they’re nice. They’re pleasant, and the finish does become increasing balanced-out as you drink down the glass. That aroma though, it just promised so much more.
Yesterday, I wrote this sentence:
I understood where these moms were coming from since I had heard several of the girls were crushing on various boys in the grade and had orchestrated a number of lunches and movie nights so they could double date. Some of the girls have some serious interest in boys these days. I also knew from the grapevine several kids in the grade have started "dating" and making out. Further, the text under the photo suggested the boy in the pic would not be happy it was posted; in fact, someone remarked "M..is going to be pissed at you for posting that." That's what made me decide to make the phone call. It seemed he might not even know about the photo.
For years medical doctors prescribed antibiotics anytime a child had an ear infection. Overuse of these antibiotics has resulted in “super bugs” – bacteria that is becoming increasingly resistant to antibiotics. Serious consequences can result from this resistance; stronger antibiotics are being discovered but eventually bacteria will become resistant to those as well.
On a front step a boy in pajamas stood puffing frost
WOLMARANSSTAD: Two stock thieves arrested before further incidents.
1/2 tea ginger
We got to the restaurant, ordered dinner and chatted. The usual vital stats were exchanged, talk of our respective jobs. No matter how hard I tried, my eyes were constantly drawn to his mouth; I desperately hoped he didn’t notice. After dinner, where I, like the idiot that I am, ordered the hottest dish on the menu and then carried on as though my mouth wasn’t burning like the deepest bowels of hell, we walked up to the coffee shop and went for a walk around town. We talked about his son, childhood memories, blah blah blah. Short term memory, I don’t remember everything we talked about – he would. I do remember him telling me he was going on the road for 2 weeks the following morning. My immediate thought, “I can’t let him go before I know more” so I suggested a drive and he quickly agreed. I’d love to know what he was thinking at this time, perhaps I’ll ask him.
Doesn't that make you a little sniffly too? No? Well maybe I'm just hormonal and need some chocolate. Check out lots more from Julia on her blog 551 East.
~Vintage and antique items with a southern soul.~
Osama bin Laden finally, nearly a decade after the September 11th terrorist attacks, met his demise in a pre-dawn raid on his compound by a group of elite Navy SEALS from the Joint Special Operations Command. Soldiers from SEAL Team Six, also known as the Naval Special Warfare Development Group are considered to be the most elite warriors in the US military.
Schieve LA, Davis F, Roeske J, Handler A, Freels S, Stinchcomb T, Keane A. Evaluation of internal alpha-particle radiation exposure and subsequent fertility among a cohort of women formerly employed in the radium dial industry. Radiat Res 1997; 147: 236-244.
I didn't expect to fly, but neither did I expect to almost pass way two weeks ago.
“Behold the rain which descends from heaven upon our vineyards; there it enters the roots of vines, to be changed into wine; a constant proof that God loves us, and loves to see us happy.”
In my years of work, I've spent many a long hour standing at a flag post directing traffic. It's a long hard day of standing, hoping you don't get hit by a distracted drive, jumping to keep from being hit by a distracted driver, wondering when you'll get a break to go pee, wondering if you'll have time to sit in the shade and eat lunch and the hope it doesn't start raining. Slick highways, and poor visibility, raises the whole danger thing a notch.
What should be the consequences for 'no-show volunteers' who still shop the preview sale?
1) I am a moron
Shayma: Thank you dear, you're always so sweet!
For my card I used Collecting Seashells from Stamps Happen, and I decided to make a scene using Distress inks. I used some Frosted Lace stickles for waves, but it doesn't show in the pic. The little shells were from a Woodware Nautical set.
Men keep their issues to themselves. Love is like a religion to them especially when they are blinded by it. Men might take time to fall nose deep in love but when they do, they treat it like its divine. If a guy truly loves a woman, he never discusses the intricacies of the relationship with another soul. During a hard time, he controls his boiling rage by drinking it down instead of running around sharing his stories. He slowly finds the solution to patch up things while his woman with her designed plans and strategies, kills his love slowly but steadily. If a man actually wants to tell his close friends that his heart is broken, he simply approaches his gang and says ‘I am broken’. The next thing he knows is his friends dragging him to a bar and together getting sloshed. Now even if he actually shared the problem during his drunken yapping, none of his friends will remember it the next day anyway.
For example, while following a lead about a couple Tennessee men who were taken to an Alabama prison during the time of the Civil War, I discovered Cahaba Prison. Cahaba Prison, also known as Castle Morgan, is located in Old Cahawba, Alabama (I'm not sure why there is a spelling difference). It had been an unfinished cotton warehouse that the Confederate government turned into a prison. Although there were only 432 bunks, it would eventually house more than 3,000 men by 1865. A staggering number crammed into a small space. You can imagine that the living and hygiene conditions were horrendous. Surprisingly the death rate was only 2%, which compared to other prisons this was very low.
We had reached our dessert cafes by bike. Good thing we did. Good thing I had off-set the decadent cake samples with spargel, dumpling or goulash earlier in meals.
You gotta move, move, move, around and ’round.
Cost (euros)
is aimed squarely at me.
- Individual’s body of work overlaps with key phases of your life
Suppose some guy you like starts messaging you.
Example: A stirring montage of the 2006 Rose Bowl between Texas and USC is played, with Vince Young featured heavily. You (actually, me): “In this house we obey the laws of thermodynamics!”
I've always written, and always wanted to be an author. Well not always. When I was nine I wanted to be a jockey and when I was ten I wanted to marry Steve Sax, the short stop for the Los Angeles Dodgers. It was when I grew older that I really wanted to write. But I digress.
This written communication from one person to another, two members of the ‘Church Militant’ at the time the letter was exchanged, is an example of the ‘communion of saints:’ two souls interacting with one another for the greater honor and glory of God.
Together they reclined onto the couch, still entwined and engaged in their kiss. She opened her eyes and focused beyond Tyler to the high ceiling of his living room. It seemed so far away, as did Danny, her boyfriend.
Hi everyone! I wanted to stop in real quick and share with you the February release from The Sampler. The kit is so fabulously gorgeous! I have been having so much fun playing and can't wait to share with you all the goodies I am making.....
Well it's been a rather busy this week at Casa Bliss and I don't know about you, but I am really looking forward to having some time out this weekend.
Just as sin does not give birth to virtue, so tainted and illegitimate electoral mechanisms cannot produce legitimate government.
A real marmite band (you either love ‘em or hate ‘em) I have seen them live four times and bar their last show at Crystal Palace just before they split they were very enjoyable live. Good to have them back although I’ll miss the Stone Gods who did one great album.
Aside from this straight-forward interest in the piece, however, perhaps there are design suggestions here for a possible future of acoustic ornament: sonically active devices for nontraditional architectural space.
Disclaimer: No compensation of any kind was received for this review. I review only books I like and think others would enjoy reading; I either purchase my own copy or, as in the case of this book, check them out from my local library.
I evicted him carefully. I must admit, we allow a few of the polite ones to stay.
Labour is in the process of reviewing its policies and internal Labour polling is showing that the public want a tough responsibilities agenda, similar to that of New Labour but, something closer to Maurice Glasman’s Blue Labour vision. Labour now see ‘New Labour’ as a deeply unhelpful political label (see here) but its essence was modernity, progress, globalisation, mobility, flexibility, individual rights and universal values. Its orientation was for Labour to modernise Britain through an accommodation with capitalism and the pursuit of social justice via the state. This strongly chimed with the Lib Dem position to the point where there were talks of formal coalitions based on shared values and beliefs.
Container gardening is the answer to your space-constrained gardening woes! Plant veggies and herbs in containers or pots on your balconies or decks, and have fresh food available to you all the time at very little cost (and very little drain on the environment!)
- 2 cups (480 ml) (320 gm) (11 oz) sliced fresh okra, ½ -inch (15mm) thick slices (or frozen, if fresh is not available)
“You want some?” they asked.
First day was really fun, I wore my best outfit ever, though it was inappropriate because jeans were always recommended. So like ‘duh! I’m breaking the rules today! Haha, just kidding. But seriously, I was in jumpshorts when i entered the class.
2 tbsp soy sauce
Yesssss!!!! Just what the world needed... ANOTHER Vodka company!!! But this time I was a litte more interested than Ive been before. So when I got the follow on twitter from Penn 1681, I wanted to test it out immediately.
Kuttan G.
And!
You need to know what God’s Word says and not just pick and choose what ‘you’ want.
A copy of the agenda may be obtained by contacting: The agenda and any other materials will be posted on the Agency website: http://apd.myflorida.com/ibudget/meetings-and-schedules/.
That I don't understand
Your grace and beauty stun the crowd
So here I stand on my pitching mound ready, ready for relief, ready for promise, and ready to turn this game around.
Just saying you believe there is a God and that you are trying to be a good person is not enough. I hope this doesn't sound too harsh, but to anyone reading this that doesn't know Him as Lord and Savior, I love you and pray that you will not run from God, but run to Him. He doesn't promise that everything in your life will magically be better when you become a Christian, but he does promise to be with us through all things and the assurance of Heaven is also a pretty awesome thing.
The extreme ease of becoming rich also comes to the aid of upholding morality; money is never an essential consideration in marriages; commerce, industry, the practice of a profession, assure young people of a living and a future. They marry the first woman they fall in love with; and nothing is rarer in the United States than a bachelor of twenty-five. Society thereby gains more married men in place of licentious bachelors. Finally , the condition of equality protects marriages, while difference in rank obstructs them in our country. In the United States there is only one class; no barrier of social distinction separates the young man and young girl who agree to become united. This equality, propitious to legitimate unions, is highly embarrassing to those which are not. The seducer of a young girl necessarily becomes her husband, whatever the difference in their economic position, because while superiority of fortune exists, there is no difference at all in rank. The rectitude of tradition, which applies less to individuals than to society as a whole, gives a serious cast to all American society.
We will unite
- nose bleeds
We appreciate your prayers during this time.
v. About morale, he said, “I want can-do people looking for short term victories and long term excitement.” He also told the audience that it would be his priority to utilise internal talent rather than bringing in outsiders.
(Did I forget to mention quite unlike me he gets picky when it comes to desserts and can gladly skip chocolate. Me on the other hand loves anything with chocolate.)
Roasted Malt
It was in these exchange that the author shares his opinion on what matters in life. It’s like his interpretation on why every person that comes in your life is different, what makes them different from everyone else. What makes them just not another face.
In the end these men just left there without shooting her or raping her: she was however assaulted very badly. However -- that was not the end of her ordeal: there was more when she went to the police station to report the attack.
and the week before Christmas got very stressful
SRM 28
Equipment
“But in the medical test for Employment and Support Allowance he was awarded zero points and was told that he would be fit to return to work within three months. Before three months was up he died.”
his response,
"PRINCE ALI" (Aladdin)(Alan Menken and Howard Ashman)
where i have been selfish
For those that never had experience with these critters, they can build nests in walls and you may find yourself covered with them while you sleep. They don't bite; they grab with their mandibles and sting like a wasp. The toxin is painful and can cause severe allergic reactions. At best, the sting leaves an irritating pistule. At worst, the result may be a trip to the hospital, or death.
17) Leeroy Jenkins
Look to the big coal dipper
Tommy and I don't eat out often (maybe 3 times per month, unless we are traveling), but yesterday we spontaneously stopped at Chili's for lunch. I feel I made a great choice with the Cobb salad. I traded the avocado ranch for a low fat honey mustard and asked for it to be prepared without bacon. When I got home I was able to check the calories which totaled 560...definitely a successful lunch out!
If you paid me £210,000 a year as opposed to what I get now then some of that money would trickle down and out into the general economy. I would dine out more, I would go on more holidays and visit more galleries, museums and other places of interest. I might buy a newer car and other toys, a tablet computer, a new camera, whatever the new 'shiny thing make people happy' consumer item comes on the market. So yes indeed, some other people would see the benefit of my enormous wage.
“I can’t handle you being a massive geek who knows how to play these games, loser.”
Ok, so by now you know I love comics, Marvel, movies and every geek angle so this post won’t come as a big surprise.
When evaluating his live performances based solely upon
Normally I'm watching the two hour parade from the sidelines, being on a float was a entirely different perspective for me. So much fun!
When you look at the blush, you can see that it has a little shimmer but its nothing big and it wont even show up on the skin. Angel is a little chalky but nothing too extreme.
The music, resumed with the addition of percussions, is getting punchy. People infected by it suggest slight rhythmic movements with their bodies.
Katie is one of the best selling colours in the Illamasqua line, and one of the more popular ones, but honestly, this is a little boring to me. Yeah, yeah, pale pastel pink. Looks good on most girls. Doesn't every brand have one of these?
The current visibility of Asians in the media has mixed results. While most of the serious roles are action-oriented, we are seeing more emerge in dramatic roles. We’re also seeing more Asians emerge in comedic roles.
But then I had to be on the spot. I did the dropping-into-the-heart thing and asked Michael to be present for us. I could feel him strongly. “We’re ready,” I said.
* If you have a Business Small or Large and you just are not attracting the volume of clients you would like, maybe it’s time for a Marketing Makeover !
“Isn’t the only hope for the planet that the industrialized civilizations collapse? Isn’t it our responsiblity to bring that about?”
I'd cancel oatmeal,
“KANSAS CITY, Mo. – The gusty winds coupled with tall buildings in downtown Tuesday, made the area seem more like a wind tunnel for those there. The peak wind gust in the area were recorded at 48…”
I have introduced you to the classic “the sound of music”. Your favorite song is The Lonely Goateth, Do re mi, and My Favorite Things. You even sing the do re me song.
Soon, the on-duty nurse arrived to introduce herself. Like most hospitals, they hang a small whiteboard near the wall clock where they can write some basic information the hospitalized person will need to know: his room’s phone number, the names and hours of the nurse and her assistant, etc. After posting these, the nurse wrote the word “excellence” and an equal sign at the bottom of the board and turned to the three of us.
I Am Not There
So how was the food? Zizou’s pork chop was overcooked but still strong in flavor. But I was really scared when my Vienna sausage and ensalada rusa came out. I knew that my ensalada rusa, a classic Spanish tapa, would be full of mayonnaise and not in a good way, but I felt this perverse desire to order it. The sausage looked like my worst nightmares, so pink and clean and consistent. But it was delicious. The smoothness of its texture didn’t mean that it was lacking in character. And even the ensalada rusa was comforting and satisfying, because it was exactly as I had expected it to be.
Co Kildare.
Thankfully I married someone much better at all these details. He is a nurturer, a caretaker, a worrier... by traditional definitions, HE is the mom. I am the play parent, the joke parent... the easygoing one you tell when you are worried about getting into trouble so the blow can be softened. It's in no way fair to the one who does most of the work and is stuck being the disciplinarian, but those are our personalities.
(Pernell Demond Jefferson, who was arrested but apparently not convicted for murdering England’s father, is serving a relatively light prison sentence for “pointing a firearm,” and is due to be released in October 2014.)
The Bickwell family realize the importance of recognizing achievement, in all its forms.
He must know that this is hilarious. In any case, around episode 16, Kelly realized that this stuff was ludicrous and he starts to play into it with physical gags and funny characters. In short time, he starts to play up the hip-hopra business with spoken word and ramping up some of the serious elements of what I might laughingly call “the plot.”
Residents of Kansas wedding and other heavy snows and summers can be taken into consideration. The second set of information that a prosecutor can rely upon while prosecuting a DUI offender's first priority, having a Kansas City frontier life at the fairmont hotel in kansas city and soil. This was undoubtedly one of those old west cities that everyone remembers from television shows and movies, but rarely is truly seen for the fairmont hotel in kansas city and fireworks. The parade starts off at City Hall and begins at noon. Festivities include a carnival, vendors, crafts and an outdoor fireworks display after dark. This is the fairmont hotel in kansas city and large number of call centers, which hire and maintain a large part of an adult prison. The offender's license may be paying too much for your own. Wichita is a barbeque town and the fairmont hotel in kansas city of KC's museums.
*Migration Pale Ale
Blame can be both over-blown and hidden in the ephemera. We want abilities to discern from incoherence and wrongful actions. Easy deciphering of simple fast-twitch moments in faster time, a sort of fast-motion of athletics and sparks. Faults and fault lines, a barely moving form in the brush. Was it exhaustion? Returning the serve, is it excellence? Maybe it’s the two sides to the coin, or it’s the snake eating itself, the perpetual motion and return, the breathing. If those in charge just let those players who can handle the moment and control it and actually become better whilst within that sphere play, just flat-out play, flat-out play they will.
Professor Tallis starts his article with the sentence: “His brain just broke.’ These were the words of an American defence lawyer in a recent trial involving violent rape.”
Join come and join us for lots of fun and prizes.
The weeks generally been taken up with my normal wombling and also a fair bit of gardening - having given this up at home - I'm tending to rampage around other people gardens. Don't worry I'm not guerrila gardening on the quiet - I'm not that keen - however I'm often caught rampaging around other folks gardens (lets call them clients, it sounds better than being a garden stalker). I only tend to play, or interfere in, sorry I mean work in, with a few folks gardens, and this week - play was stopped by snow. SNOW! I gave up weeding the rockery I was rampaging around after I couldn't see the weeds for the white stuff.
ISLAMABAD (Reuters) – Afghanistan would support Pakistan in case of military conflict between Pakistan and the United States, Afghan President Hamid Karzai said in an interview to a private Pakistani TV channel broadcast on Saturday.
I and I know many other parents and members of our community expect a full and open investigation by school administrators and law enforcement into this issue and to hold accountable any and all those who had a hand in this despicable act.
Jeff and I talked about our fears- that when she is a teen, she will be one of those uber-popular mean girls and will be heading up the Burn Book and tagging other kids to get picked on and directing her minions to do her bullying for her. And that's why we address it every time it comes up. We could have just laughed off that card. We could have joked about it. We could have made light of it. We could have ignored it and just thrown it away.
field of study of the "apparently irrational behaviour," as quipped
I shun the Daily Mail, one of those papers,
In a very real way to be human is to love other species and so long as that remains rational and not carried to extremes that is a very good thing.
I also love GPB because it supports the NPR stations which seamlessly cover the air waves from Atlanta to Savannah– and thus provide the only entertainment available on the excruciatingly boring 4-hour drive from Atlanta to Savannah, where we have a little cottage that we rarely visit because of the aforementioned drive.
Here we have a little town consisting of the simplest and plainest buildings in the main, and yet, owing to the splendid placing of its two public buildings and to the arrangement of its streets and places, the whole presents a degree of beauty and impressiveness quite astonishing
‘According to Planned Parenthood this bill could require those who enforce the tax to view the private medical records of women, which would violate medical privacy laws, and could apply a sales tax on contraception’.
In the film the character played by Michael Fassbender injects himself with the DNA from the ship and changes into a hybrid space jockey creature.
WSC Matches- 5, Wickets- 25, Avg- 20.84, 5W- 0, Best- 4/24
For peace
We are the spacemen.
Click on my Top 5 Steals page to see some GREAT deals on different types of clutches. Do you have a favorite clutch? Tell me about it in the Comments section!
Before his final release in 2000, prison officials referred him for evaluation as a sexually violent predator. In 2010, a state psychologist concluded he could be safely released under supervision because of his age and Landau petitioned for his release, but the director of the Coalinga State Hospital disagreed with the doctor’s assessment.
POLICE INTERACTION #3:
“Part of him was like, ‘How could I just stand by and watch that happen?’ It was a really horrible, stark moral choice that he faced and he still wrestles with that,’’ Martinkus said.
Well, you know what they say about “assuming.”
Now that I’m back in Valparaíso, routine feels more comforting and less confining. Returning to a real bed was, as always, a wonderful feeling, and I can’t believe I’ve just past the two month mark here. Tomorrow I’ll be headed to Buenos Aires for another week of adventure, which I assume will be the topic of my next post.
It wasn't one of the most momentous events of our lives?
"Having decided to transform ourselves into a religion, we have abandoned all wordly ambitions, and intend to concentrate on our higher spiritual objectives of non-violent global conquest, compassionate enslavement of inferior peoples, and peaceful extermination of the Jews.
The next thing I wanted to organise was somewhere for keys, husbands wallet and you know the bits and pieces that need to go back to someone. I have a tall 4 tiered shelf to the left of the above shelf so I moved some trinkets around and cleared a shelf to hold a basket.
Rowan went to meet Santa for the second time this year. You can see the first picture below under “Thanksgiving Celebrations”. This second time was less rushed and he really liked Santa! It was funny because his friend Sam who was with us was excited about Santa while we were in line but terrified when he met him, Rowan was the exact opposite! Silly boys.
Such people can be pushed by circumstances to take desperate measures and this sad case should heighten calls for more support and better protection for people living on the edge.
I meet people all the time who ask, “How do you know what to write about?”
This movie definitely doesn’t present a “plan of salvation”, and it does not march a bunch of foot soldiers (wearing the armor of God) to the cadence of specific doctrine. Instead what I took away from it was that it let people see the little streaks of light (Christ) poking through the misdirection of a college student that was trying so hard to get as far away from God as possible. God never leaves, and you cannot escape Him.. he is everywhere. He is even at the so-called “God-less” liberal arts colleges.
Better brush up on your Greek alphabet, no? Just to point out a few of the harder ones: Omicron means "little O" in contrast to Omega "big O", Theta stood for death in biblical times (with Tau in opposition as a symbol for life), and Phi stands for the golden ratio (i.e. the golden rectangle). A large deal of the sonnet doesn't hold great meaning as single lines, but as a whole paints a general attitude towards Omega. Plus, it's fun. There are a couple possible clichés in the first couple lines, such as "grand and glorious" and "end of ends" (which I would argue is inverted by the subject matter), but I don't think it's that bad (and the rest of the poem is utterly clean).
P.S. I listened to my professors lecture on my recorder hooked up the stereo in the car all the way to the movie theater to make up for the time spent watching the movie. My daughter and her boyfriend got to learn about asthma medications. LOL.
Until next time - get out there and enjoy the world around you!
To be in with chance to win a pair of Butterfly Twist lightweight folding flat pumps (very desirable i’m told!)viewers are encouraged to post their own pictures of the most preposterous footwear on Confused.com’s new Pinterest page.
Book your facility. Many place book months in advance, including your bookstore.
I'm not sure what I'll do tomorrow. I was thinking about watching C but since my headset is broken that would be a hard thing to do so maybe I'll do nothing instead. I'm indecisive but since I've heard better things about the latter pair I'll probably get those. I'm impatient though so waiting for them to ship is going to be unbearable.
for immigrants and their descendants who were born of a different skin
I need a breather.
Some of these changes will grow in the book publishing industry, but for any new model to succeed, we must take back some of the control given away. Writers must accept that the days of advances from publishers are numbered and that the real ‘work’ of a book is only born when it is printed and they cannot run and hide to pen their next magnum opus in the shed at the end of the garden. This is not too big a price to pay. The reality is that less than 90% of authors receive an advance of $10,000 or less.
But, more basically and importantly, because it is by means of national elections that the government, the regime it heads and the entire political order at whose apex the government stands are morally empowered, “made legitimate”.
by Christa Holder Ocker
Helloooo!
I wish I knew the classy way to tell you to get the hell out of my way with your monstrosity of a car, but the New Orleans in me only makes me want to jump out of my car and beat on your window or lean on the horn—either way, not a good look. So, I beseech all of you no-ATM-etiquette donkeys to actually practice having some manners or go inside of the bank. I’m sure there’s someone in there that can appreciate your lackadaisical demeanor –a live teller.
She’s upset that he knew about it and didn’t say anything and I’m thinking that if she feels like that after only a few hours, how should poor Rick Castle feel? Anyway, after confirming that she likes him, he makes her look at him and says the words everyone expected him to say: Don’t like me.
The character of the professor, of course, allows Taylor to explore the serious side of his subject, which brings us back to our introductory axiom: you are what you eat. Taylor interprets this quite literally, arguing that, in times past, the people of any particular region ate the food that the soil and rivers of that region could produce. The building blocks for their bodies came from that location and were demonstrably different from those produced in another region. Thus food is part of what connects us to our land, gives us our unique identity, is, in fact, an essential ingredient in the alchemy of place. The professor begins to divine this truth while studying the homeless in Stanley Park, coming to believe that the tendency of these people, who have lost nearly every human connection, to enact an urge to return to wild land, gives evidence of an innate human need to connect to place, in some ways comparable to the DNA-encoded imperative which brings salmon back to their spawning grounds. It is evidence, as he says, “of the deepest roots of all.”
Asis Pacific Forum ( APF Bulletin) January 2012
Green and yellow interlocking stars
Wealth Gods shine upon you & people Follow
But the reality is that without a solid economic base, it is impossible to build an effective foreign policy. And under President Obama- inaugurated in January of 2009 and still in office- the number of people who have been unable to find jobs or who are underemployed has gone up and stayed up. The unemployment rate is not 8%, or whatever the bureaucrats quote it as- the unemployment rate is much higher than that. The number of people underemployed or without a job is 20%- 1 in 5 people- and has been such now for almost 4 years and likely will continue to be such if Obama gets reelected.
You see, I have a history of bursitis in my left hip. It shows up about once a year and lasts for 4-6 weeks. While it last, even walking can be a chore. The idea of jogging or doing leg presses is right out.
It's almost Fall You All!! I couldn't wait to decorate!
is space between the logs,
A bird at hand is certainly worth two in the bush.
Okee dokes. Happy Monday and Tuesday! Here's a few pics of my girl and I from our weekend at the zoo and FINALLY her first pony ride! YIPEE!!
cinnamon
The famous geometry lesson from The Teaching Gap. I always feel bad showing it, because it is awful, but the teacher seems like a nice fellow that I would like, and very well intentioned. The first five minutes is plenty, although there is a spectacular bit in minutes 37 and 38 where he tries to give a hint.
~ Gillian
They quickly reverse and return to where they came from. Rather hilariously one extra playing a Roman is so shocked by the disappearance of the Ambulance that he seems to forget to close his mouth for quite some time. The Doctor deduces that they have driven through a barrier to another time zone. He uses a grenade to blow open a safe in Smythe's office and inside they find a map of the different time zones which appear to include: Roman, Greek, Crimean War, First World War, Peninsular War, American Civil War, Mexican Civil War, English Civil War, Thirty-Years War, Boer War, and Russo-Japanese War.
What I liked: The opportunity to remember how far we’ve come in the fight for human rights and what we have ahead of us, especially in developing countries.
There was nothing to stop thing falling into the house. This proved a big problem in the bedroom, where bugs and other droppings could mess up your nice clean bed. Hence, a bed with four posts and a sheet hung over the top afforded some protection. Thats how canopy beds came into existence.
Regardless of anything, its the thought that counts right?!
In 5th edition, Melta weapons are generally the king of vehicle busting. 2D6 armour penetration at half range and AP 1 simply puts them at the front of the pack. Getting them into range is the only issue. Thankfully, Marines can easily do it with via drop podding Dreads, Attack Bikes, and Land Speeders.
I love her type choices and I'm amazed at the amount of detail and definition she can get from a piece of chalk! As you can see in these time-lapse films she works completely freehand, sketching and re-sketching to get the desired design (see below).
* Would you ever consider a proposal for a series from a new author, or do you prefer stand alone books? If an author is writing a trilogy, should they mention it in their submission?
It is no surprise that the company chose Switzerland to launch this idea. Not only are the Swiss considerable high in purchase power parity, and can therefore afford the pricy Starbucks coffee, they are accustomed to high quality coffee from its neighbor Italy and they are willing to pay for it.
I would dearly love to write full time but I’m under no illusions about how hard this is to achieve. You have to sell a lot of books on a regular basis to do this and I have one title out. I do enjoy my day job too so I’m grateful for that but maybe one day…
You can just keep waiting, laundry. Nothing can take the shine off of this day.
Despite the dedication of the committee, often problems arise with the committee that can hinder your campaign. Over the next couple of weeks, we will discuss these different challenges.
All you need to do is:
We come now to the fourth feast, the Adoration of the Magi. After the soul by God’s grace has spiritually conceived, brought forth and named this dear child, the three kings, understood here as the three powers of the soul, resolve to go in search of the child already revealed to them in the royal city, that is, in the structure of the created universe.
Hey look at me....blogging from my new iPhone. Trev thought I needed one for my birthday....oh how I resisted...but now, oh how I love it!!
Siskiyou County Animal Control conducted a criminal investigation and filed an animal cruelty and neglect-related case against the owners of the horses with the Siskiyou County District Attorney Kirk Andrus on Friday, April 13. The following week, the SCSO initiated a follow-up investigation to assist Animal Control and the district attorney.
The first book – what a disaster! I was so eager to get the book out that I designed the cover myself – in word, enough said! I was rescued by my daughter’s friend at university who was an art graduate. She redesigned the first cover and went on to design the second and third book covers too. Lesson learnt; yes, you DO judge a book by its cover. When I give book talks in schools I always hold up both book covers. The response is overwhelmingly for the redesigned cover – always!
Put the cup under the front of the shirt, or where ever you want it. and then tighten the fabric over the mouth of the cup and put on the rubber band.
06/19 - San Bernardino, CA San Manuel Amphitheater
When it was on me, I thought I looked super “Little House on the Prairie”, but now I’m thinking more along the lines of “Pilgrim chic.”
This upcoming week will be the first true five full day week in a while.
What used to be chapter 4 (Place Value) switched places with Chapter 3 (Addition and Subtraction Facts within 0-18).
When it comes to movies, I tend to be a ‘judge the movie by its poster’ type person: does the movie have a catchy poster? If so, I continue on and read the synopsis.
KO: *sighs* *ponders really embarrassing part* *sighs* Yes.
p.s. the monkey is sitting on my desk staring at me and his switch flippin days are over!
Now the government is trying to force the pace. On April 18th the Central Bank made its sixth consecutive cut to its policy rate, bringing it to 9%, an all-time low in real terms. Its policymakers see subdued global demand as an opportunity to reset rates at a lower level, without risking a return to higher inflation.
Angie's other haunts include:
Ok, we can’t know what they were texting about. Could have been totally innocent on both their parts. As with any situation when you’re looking for clarity you have to not look to the words; spoken or texted, but look more to the behavior or what it is people do. About 75% of our communication is through body language. It’s through our body language that the story is told and the truth usually comes out.
So I went looking for help.
Now I am going to be honest here, I do not like John Cena. I haven’t always felt this way but after well over 5 years of seeing him win and win and win, never sell an injury and smile like a doofus I have had enough of his act. The people in the crowd who chant “CENA SUCKS!” to combat the high-pitched shrill of “LET’S GO CENA” feel the same way. It’s not that Cena is a bad guy, it’s that we’re sick of his act. You can only watch the same story play out so often before you grow sick of it. With Cena, I am sick of it.
We just woke up
Last Friday, April 27th, I finally decided to have a photoshoot at the old school with some of my 4th year HS students.
The Emergency was a savage war in which an estimated 12,000 people died. Did Comber ever have to do anything he was ashamed of?
So, I now own an autographed copy of "The Pioneer Woman Cooks". And, I have several pictures of Ree and a picture of me kneeling next to her, proving that I was really there. I really did meet her. The Pioneer Woman. Very cool. :)
Something else to consider, when my client has a large scale project that is overwhelming the best tip I can give is to break the project down into manageable parts. Look at the pieces of the project separately and decide when to start. Assign a little time each day until that portion of the project is finished. Set a timer for 20 minutes when the timer rings come to a logical stopping point and walk away from the project. Maybe take care of one or two small tasks. Then begin the next part of the project. Do this until the entire project is finished. Believe me, you’ll be finished before you know it because it’s not overwhelming when broken apart into manageable pieces.
A diet is not only tough, because you have to change, what you eat, but in order to change it into a long-term success, you also have to change your lifestyle. Your habits. You have to support the diet all the time. It is like quitting to smoke or to finish a relationship or job.
The MOMENTOUS NEWS is that Barack Obama has declared himself in favour of gay marriage.
What about this puddle?
Man we drank a lot of beer yesterday for America’s birthday.
Rapper: Bah da da da
In 2010 Outlook found what can only be described as the most amazing festival location ever imagined – the magnificent Fort Punta Christo, where Outlook has now made its home!
“The Africans objected to being colonised by Europeans, and this objection is accepted worldwide as correct and just.
The orgasm was now clearly in control and I was along for the ride. I groaned and mumbled and tensed in her lap and gave her quite the show. The waves kept coming and coming one blended into the next with dozens and dozens of orgasms cascading one into the next. I was afloat in orgasmic anguish in a pool of sexual rapture and pleasure was agonizingly intense. The waves of orgasms stretched out longer and longer with shorter and shorter respite between them. After 45 minutes there was no respite between them at all and they were getting extremely hard. They were now were back to back and very powerful. My experience has been that the longer the session goes on the more intense each subsequent set of orgasmic waves becomes.
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided (preferably extra virgin for drizzling on top)
This has to be my most favourite item of all the items I was sent. The scrummy looking cupcake is a pin cushion, and is now my prized possession on my dressing table :) It can fit a large number of pins and very eye catching.
Not really much to report today. We had a horrid doughy scone spread with thick margarine that stuck to the roof of your mouth for breakfast in a bakery in Renmark. Then rode 150 gentle kilometers into Mildura which is quite a large town in the north of Victoria.
Finish the card by cutting panels of patterned paper, matting onto mirror board, and fixing them to the 2 outer panels of the inner card - and voila! A card to entertain and make you smile.......
I'm not Catholic, but from what I understand, Mardi Gras is an opportunity for Catholics to eat all the fattening foods they can before the beginning of Lent (which starts tomorrow, Ash Wednesday). But for midwesterners we also think of Fat Tuesday as Paczki Day! Growing up, I thought eating paczkis was the way everyone acknowledged Fat Tuesday, but it turns out it's a bit more of a midwestern thing, due to the large Polish communities in the midwest. So in case you've never heard of them before, paczkis are a polish donut and just thinking about them makes your butt grow two sizes.
The band’s 2006 debut album, ‘Glacial Landscapes, Religion, Oppression and Alcohol’ was nominated for the Icelandic Music Awards as ‘Rock album of 2006’ and was actually selected ‘Album of 2006’ in two separate critic-polls. Their latest EP, “Dirty weekend with Reykjavik!” is Blood Brothers meets The Clash, and has gained them international success. Riding on the success of both musical efforts, Reykjavik! has played shows and festivals all over the world, including SXSW, MiDEM, Eurosonic, and Spot.
Looking forward to seeing all of your makes! Have a great February! Oh and Happy Valentines day everyone!
We don't understand,
Favorite Ethnic Cookbook: Both encyclopedia and cookbook, Flavors of Malaysia by Chef Susheela Raghavan is a comprehensive and intriguing look at Malaysian cuisine. Besides all of the recipes, there is a lengthy history and reference section. There is even a section on how to give a Malaysian flair to other recipes. It is well written, interesting and very informative, one of the best ethnic cookbooks I have seen in a long time and I highly recommend it.
Tenlee wasn't really sure what to think about the snow. She kept laughing watching Kota run around but wouldn't touch it or even walk in it. Mommy would pick her up and move her, and she'd stay right there. It was pretty funny!!
4 oz. semisweet chocolate chips
“I thank you, my Lady Jessica. And I apologize for thinking ill of you.”
I’ve tried a lot of tinted moisturizers. This one literally has it all–an airy, souffle-like texture, serious staying power, doesn’t make my sensitive skin break out, and comes in 8 shades from extra light to dark so finding my exact (multi-racial) match was no problem. I’m totally hooked. Buy it now.
Did you notice we are going storm door-less? I made our contractor promise he would come back in January to hang it if we are freezing our butts off. I hope we can make it without. Now I just need to figure out which mailbox to order and what to do about house numbers.
At the hospital, she meets Dr. Bartlett the director of the hospital, and a friend of her grandmother. She also meets two very different young doctors, Simon St. John, who is also an acquaintance of her grandmother, and William Siddal, a young doctor from a family of artists of whom her grandmother very much disapproves.
Then he saw The Book. He didn’t think much about The Book at first. But something about the story captivated him, he couldn’t put it down. He came back everyday to read it. Little did he know…
Cele was not present during Tuesday’s meeting with the National Assembly committee on police. Chairwoman Sindi Chikunga said he had excused himself.
Sea or kosher salt & pepper
Twenty minutes on the cross-trainer at full resistance is enough to make me breathless, sweaty and leave a pleasant blank hole in my mind where all the stresses and strains of the day were just a few minutes ago. But of course, nature abbhors a vacuum, and thoughts tend to float in. This evening's thought was:
8. Let him know you can be trusted -
5.) Shane Raynor - In my opinion, Shane sets the standard for what Methodist blogs ought to look like. Great style and mucho user-friendliness.
1 crowbar
(Do you think it matters that I put down that I really loved helping others and was actively involved in the community, a people person who is also actively involved in environmental conservation??? -- Well, I DID watch that one NatGeo special where the polar bear was swimming trying to find another piece of ice and the narrator told me that I was killing the polar bears which made me feel really bad - so I always make sure I turn the lights off now. That counts. Right?)
A glimpse of what all this has cost the U.S. economy can be seen by looking north to Canada, where animal spirits have been unleashed in the energy sector. Canada’s close economic ties to the U.S. have traditionally meant that when the U.S. gets the sniffles, Canada gets swine flu. This time it’s been different. Part of the reason is that Canada’s housing market was not poisoned by a federal government push to put unqualified borrowers into homes they could not afford. After the 2008 collapse of the housing bubble in the U.S., the Canadian financial sector remained strong.
LINE 12 CUP MUFFIN TIN with paper liners
Now I had never heard of Alex before, and I’m still not sure exactly what he does, but fair play to the lad. At only 23, he’s enjoying a cushy number in the bullshit capital of the world-the City of London-and getting paid a shedload for it. And he’s not afraid to spend it. Hence his big night out at the Playboy Club in Liverpool.
With that insight, let me ask a few questions… “What are you currently doing in your life that you know you can’t afford to do…and haven’t had the strength to change? What are you spending money on that you know you don’t need and can’t afford but you just aren’t strong enough to let go of?
RAB-2 official Maj Ershadul Haque and Dhaka City Corporation inspector Faiz Ahmed were also present during the raid.
(The part right after the asterisks? Yes, it seems to be missing a word—probably "upon." But that's part of the boilerplate.)
Freefall is a mixture of romance, drama and coming of age. There are several intense scenes filled with unadulterated emotion but the underlying messages run deep and strike the reader quickly and strongly. Despite these scenes, the majority of the book really is humorous. Much of this comes from Seth. Scott has nailed the male narrative, bringing Seth to life in fantastic ways. His logic is so simple and logical it’s funny. The things he says, the thoughts he has, and the reasons he does things build his personality in a great way. He slips the reader into his mind easily from the start, and through Scott’s writing and his narrative, the reader is often left feeling confused and shocked. His emotions are raw and unstoppable, his screw ups huge and frustrating, and his comebacks gratifying.
So I calmly try to announce that there is indeed some good news and it involves another shift, their eyes rolled back into their heads and the moaning started, I pointed out that it was good because we were actually buying the place and not another rental, they are starting to look more excited, at this point I am trying to find the words to soften the blow of Taita and they are not coming so I just simply say "it's the house I grew up in" I really don't think I need to tell you Rachelle's reaction :) However, after some discussion (?) they did come to see that this was overall better for all of us and that they now have a better inheritance from us than they would have had if we had not done this at all. Sometimes you just have to speak their language and in this case it was how many clothes they could buy when we are gone!
“Yes,” I replied.
the pillaging of resources.
When my youngest son Eric was born, everything amped up a notch. Eric has Down syndrome and was extremely fragile. Failure to thrive. He nearly died and I had to be super vigilant. Suddenly I had to worry about a heart defect, thyroid fluctuations, low weight gain, and the hours of home therapies Eric needed to combat his vast developmental delays. I did this all while trying to maintain a normal life for Nathaniel and Serena. My hours of research increased tenfold. Oh, and I wasn’t allowed to mention the fact to anyone, not even family, that Eric had this major chromosomal defect — that would affect his entire live and all our lives profoundly — until he was a year old. Eric’s father wouldn’t let me.
“Sasa kwa nini wasema hivyo?”
Hello Everyone!!! Today we are celebrating my son's 10th Birthday!! I can't believe my firstborn is 10 already!!! Where did that time go? It seems like yesterday that he was a baby and now is growing into a smart, sensitive, thoughtful, wonderful young man!! Happy Birthday Zac - we are so proud of you!!!
Here she is singing her 1910 hit “Come Josephine In My Flying Machine”:
Blini with seasoning are made as follows: grease the skillet, sprinkle with scallions or chopped eggs, or put pieces of salmon, pour dough and bake as regular blini.
the experience when she was done w/ the experience, but instead I was
Turquoise pumps! Been addicted to the color turquoise for some time now. It's a really pretty color! It especially suits the summer time.
As for the matter of whether or not my patron will ever pay for me to compete Pro-Am: I don't know. The more time that passes, the more I lose hope for it. I don't know why my patron still doesn't want me to compete Pro-Am (it's not financial; this expense would be a drop in the bucket for him, practically the equivalent of me buying a latte at Starbucks), but it is one subject which it is not appropriate for me to broach with him, so I may never know. I may be the only dancer in the history of Pro-Am that started at Bronze level and went straight through to Open Gold level (I've almost passed through Gold, and the next level after that is Open Gold) without ever once doing a Pro-Am competition. But even if I never do get to compete Pro-Am, I'm EXTREMELY GRATEFUL for having had this opportunity to go so far with my ballroom training - training that I could never have afforded on my own. My patron is kind and generous, and a gentleman who keeps an appropriate distance and has never tried any funny business. This has been an amazing journey.
17. Space Streakings - "Kaiki Suspense Kumo Otoko"
I began asking Adnan how to say easy phrases in Arabic, which I wrote down in a notebook. Fawzy, a friend of Adnan’s, also took it upon himself to try to teach me some Arabic as well. He even taught me to sing a beautiful love song in Arabic, which I still remember to this day. One of the lines from the song, loosely translated, says something like “whenever I try to speak, the only sound that comes out is your name… Your name is written on my voice.” I remember being requested to sing it a few times at some gatherings the Arabs had, and boy, did that make an impression on those in attendance. Here was this young blonde American girl singing a love song in Arabic – they loved it!
In which we find our way
“It is preposterous to politicize the Secret Service,” said White House Press Secretary Jay Carney, who apparently doesn’t understand the Secret Service itself has already done that.
Mr J bought a house. We’d been looking half-heartedly for over 18 months. Everywhere from Sandringham to Yarraville to Preston. Apartments, units, houses – unbuilt, built and inbetween. Eventually, an offer was made on a house in the northern suburbs.
Club owners and concert promoters have been known to go into a rage over Miles’ seeming detachment, but conformity is not in his vocabulary and, despite the constant criticism, he has for twenty years remained the dark, brooding, wandering loner who doesn’t care whether he is regarded as an eccentric genius or a bellicose bastard, is long as people listen to what he says through his music.
Amritanshu Verma (in pic), from Delhi, was returning after work to his paying guest accommodation in BTM Layout, when his Honda Activa was hit by an unidentified car around 2am.
Here’s a terrible picture of the beer in question. It goes for double figures in bottles out in San Francisco, and I’m sure everywhere else - $16.99 is a typical price. It’s made by FIRESTONE WALKER, under their confusing NECTAR ALES brand – the same folks who make that hemp beer that I actually like. It’s a super-dark, very strong black ale. BLACK XANTUS is a succulent Russian Imperial stout, with light carbonation. The dominant flavors are vanilla and bourbon – whoa, lots of bourbon. Truly, it’s almost cocktail-like, and it lacks a lot of the richness and “meaty” quality I like in beers of this ilk. I’d call it a true beer lover’s beer, but as a beer lover I found it just a tiny disappointing. In conversation with others, reactions are all over the map – some think it’s the second coming, others think it’s a whole lot of nothing. Me, I call it a 7/10.
Now I would love to put it down to a natural human instinct to revel in the torment of others (fictional characters being easier of course) or the instinct that most people feel to stare for painstaking minutes on end at car accidents as they are passed on the roads. But this experience I put down to an appreciation of the author’s ability to create characters so inherently complex that one becomes confused on a fundamental moral level as to where the antagonist fits into the entire plot. Now perhaps it is just me (though I am disinclined to agree with this hasty assumption) but the clear antagonist of the tale, the obvious “bad guy” as it were, the gentleman proudly walking through page after page sporting his massive black top-hat, was my personal favoured character by page 250, and had my deepest sympathies and affection as his part in the story drew to a close and our beloved heroine, Lanny, bricked him up in a wall in favour of a man who would never truly love her. Despite his glaring inadequacies as a trustworthy individual (okay, perhaps I am downplaying the sheer wickedness of the character to an extent), Adair expressed love toward Lanore. A possessive love certainly. Perhaps some might even call it a display of ownership rather than love itself. But really, isn’t that what most people in love feel?
Take advantage of your future….
So yeah there are other guys putting up some big numbers and yeah there are better players in the NBA by far, but does that mean anyone is more important to their team than Parker?
Most emigrants jumped off around mid-April. At this time of year, these frontier towns teemed with people and wagons and livestock. Prices surged as high as spring floods as families sought to provision themselves for the arduous journey ahead. Imagine the bustle and excitement of thousands of strangers converging on muddy streets and splintered boardwalks.
According to the report, there has been little change in the composition of the federal work force over the years. In FY 2010, there were over 2.8 million people employed by the federal government, of whom 56% were men and 44% were women. Of that total:
Smash the raspberries into a jelly like consistency and put in fridge.
But, careless gifts are seldom prized,
The diary and quest to find the bracelet was fun to read. It was clever that the hunt was for nothing until much later on in life. And I liked the mystery with his father. After you find out you wonder why you did not think about it before. Quinn keeps you in the book with her witty characters and entertaining plot.
Look below to "hop around" to see the blogs participating in the 3-6 Jackpot. You don't have to worry that you may end up paying for an item if we make it free; if a product in your cart later becomes free, you won't pay anything for it at checkout. Trust me on this!
Evenly lightly rising and falling while the steps keep time;
Firstly, this is the picture of MBLAQ fathers and the kids.
Duration: Permanent
The performances in this movie were exactly what they were. First off, all of the bunnies (and mostly EB) were so ridiculously cute in their animation. Women will swoon. I may have swooned myself, but I’m not entirely sure what swooning is. Is that when you pass out and wake up with no pants on and covered in blood that’s not your own? EB himself had occasional moments of funniness, but almost as many occasions of annoyance. I think that’s due to Russell Brand lending his voice to the character. I’ve always felt like Russell Brand’s idea of comedy was to constantly have things coming out of your mouth and then, even if only 10% are funny or worth hearing, at least people will still leave thinking he was hilarious. What didn’t annoy me about EB was that he was a fantastic drummer. Sure, there was no good reason for him to drum in the movie, but he was animated to be good at it. James Marsden was mostly manic and over the top on his side, with a little bit of stupid mixed in, but he never really bothered me. Gary Cole was mostly an asshole through the movie.
This has to be one of the most extraordinarily beautiful times of the turning year in the UK. Here in wet Devon everything is on the cusp of bursting into its fullest lushest becomingness, as green and juicy as it gets.
Honestly, it took me a few different APA beers to figure out this NW style, the local ingredients are very different than those from the Midwest American Pales that I am used to.
Cupons
and so on…
Harkness, Parmar P., and S. Super. “Teacher or Playmate? Asian Immigrant and
It was not always that way. The Communist League for whom Marx and Engels wrote the Manifesto, for example, was made up almost exclusively of Artisans and small trades people. The Craft workers of the 19th Century who created the Trades Unions were more akin to today's professionals than today's ordinary workers in many ways. At the beginning of the 20th Century the Socialist Parties like the German SPD went out of their way to win over the middle class and petit-bourgeois, and of course, Lenin himself was the classic analyst and strategist for winning over that most traditional middle class – the peasantry.
turbulent city,
(I hope you got a chance to read it).
Thanks to everyone who commented on the last post.
2. Diamonds or pearls? Diamonds. But not too many and not too gaudy. Just elegantly presented and flawless.
They write, "Even as thousands literally die from this onslaught of Chinese junk and poison, the American economy and its workers are suffering a no-less-painful 'death to the American manufacturing base.'" They corroborate the shrinking of the manufacturing industry that I wrote about in my book: "America's apparel, textile, and wood furniture industries have shrunk to half their size - with textile jobs alone beaten down by 70%." And, "other critical industries like chemicals, paper, steel, and tires are under similar siege."
Now onto the "Who I am!"
Secret Squirrel
Dal with Poached Eggs, Cilantro, and Yogurt - Think of this more as a guideline than a recipe, but this is exactly the sort of thing I love to make for a quick weeknight dinner. Plus, Paul is an excellent egg poacher, and I'll eat almost anything with yogurt on top of it. This works with yellow, orange, or red lentils.
me and Gil,
Dale is currently a member of the Hartford Wolfpack, but is a hopeful to make the Rangers roster out of training camp next season. He saw time on Broadway during pre-season hockey last year and impressed fans with his ability to play physical and show a nose for the net.
Iridology is a holistic endeavor in that it addresses the person’s whole being in the reading. The range of information gleaned encompasses physical, emotional, mental, and spiritual aspects of the person’s health picture.
The core of these issues involves a call for better governance and greater consultation with Malaysians. This has been the central nerve of Malaysian politics since 1998-1999, as leaders who are seen to be engaging in reform win power and those who don’t lose support.
"Who cares what everyone else does? You be in charge of you. You choose who you want to be. And you want to be nice."
So let us review the possibilities and consider how they might be approached:
Additionally, upgrading to GDI Premium helps qualify you for bonuses without having to order GDI DVDs. You’re still eligible for the same exact income mentioned above with or without a DVD purchase but in order to participate in GDI’s weekly Leaderboard Bonus Contest you’ll need to either order a nominal 10 pack of DVDs or just upgrade to Premium. Personally, I’ve upgraded to Premium and bought DVDs even though only one is necessary because I truly believe in their effectiveness.
Ribbon: From my stash
I'm not ready to call myself a San Franciscan yet, although I can see where there will come a day that I might.
James Cameron the Canadian film director of Piranha II the spawning and True lies is a true explorer/pioneer of the modern world.
Dear Sweets,
Moon sped on by, a look of failure etched upon his face.
I am hoping like I said last night at City Hall, that the City not only focus on Water but takes a hard look on what local government can do to help promote small scale Agcurculter with in or near by the city of Racine.
Dad: What?!?!?!
A few other stores on the adjacent streets were also hit, including Macy’s department store.
Building on what things like Evil Dead and Return of the Living Dead did in the 1980's and Shaun of the Dead and especially the Scream franchise did last decade, director and co-screenwriter Drew Goddard and producer and co-screenwriter Joss Whedon have taken tight hold of the horror genre and squeezed and twisted and folded and mutilated it until it screamed for mercy, then pushed it just a bit further until it figuratively and literally (not to give any spoilers away) came tumbling down on its own already fractured head. An elaborately structured M.C. Escher house of cards that not only deconstructs the genre in all its giddy meta-cinema glory (or gory) but also gives it the kick in the ass wake-up call it has so desperately needed for oh so long. This ladies and gentlemen, is The Cabin in the Woods. For those in the more self-aware camp of moviegoers (i.e. the film geeks and cinephiles among us) this film should delight and entice. For those looking for your typical horror flick, good luck.
Audrey paused in front of the full-length etched mirror propped against the wall. She smoothed the straight pencil skirt and adjusted the corset belt around her waist.
photos, I realized that nothing
But other times he mimics our caring acts, whether it’s helping Polly get something that is out of her reach or finding toys to entertain her while Ava and I are cleaning up the dishes. He is particularly quick to seek out ways to comfort her in times when he anticipates she’ll be upset.
”She brought a cat from Trenton to Princeton to SAVE, stating she found the cat on Birch Avenue,” said Mr. Johnson. “The cat had third degree burns and lost three quarters of both ears and a severe concussion.”
Neol saranghage dwaebeorin nan ije deo isang
1. But the greatest honor is to able to tell others that Jesus loves them.
While the review focused on the food (which is delicious), the reviewer did give a shout out to the decor, calling the restaurant "stylishly decorated and very welcoming." If you are ever in the New Orleans are and want some high-end Indian influenced food, check it out. But they're only open on Friday night.
Now I was angry. “At least half a dozen Americans will be wondering why we selected a morbidly suicidal Beatles song while these two (I pointed to the now frightened and confused church singers, who actually didn’t understand the lyrics because they didn’t speak any English) are belting out ‘I did something wrong, now I long for yesterday!’ People will be questioning the validity of my marriage before it’s even final!”
Why are educators today being asked to choose?
At the very least make what I’m watching interesting.
I'm doing a half recipe this morning and as I am running low on milk I will be adding some coffee creamer to the batter. I'm pretty sure this will make for a slightly sweet popover.
An intriguing and unexpected comment from a Facebook friend who has followed my blog inspired today’s post. After saying some very nice things about my writing, she asked me, “Did you feel a sense of synchronicity when you met Traci? I’m extremely intrigued by the theory of synchronicity and ‘feel’ that it has a tendency to play its hand in fate and destiny. If you have a story to share I would love to hear it.” Well, I do have a story to share, actually several stories, and a confession to make. But first, I’d like to examine the question: what is synchronicity, anyway? From Wikipedia:
Perales: This book I edited with my colleague and good friend Raul Ramos, who also teaches at the University of Houston. It is a collection of essays initially presented at the Texas State Historical Association Annual Conference in Corpus Christi in 2008 (The TSHA will be meeting in El Paso in Spring 2011). There are pieces by established and up and coming scholars.
On April 29, 2005 Ms. Valiante did not have nearly so much luck when she wrote in the CIC’s official rag that Daniel Pipes, a well-known and vocal critic of Islamic extremism, “is a follower of Hitler “, “uses the tactics of Hitler” and “wants to ethnically cleanse America of its Muslim presence.”
The King 2Hearts gathered great expectations even before it started to air, as it was to be a collaboration between producer Lee Jae Gyu of Damo and Ha Ji Won, and Lee Seung Gi had left both KBS2’s 1 Night, 2 Days and SBS’Strong Heart in order to participate in the drama. Through those variety shows, Lee Seung Gi had already become the Nation’s little brother with his relatable ‘clumsy’ image. The dramas Famous Princesses, Shining Inheritance and My Girlfriend is a Gumiho, which he took on while he was at the same time appearing in variety, added onto his reputation when they became great hits. The King 2Hearts, which he gave his full concentration after leaving all of his shows, however, is slipping ever farther away from the top, and viewership ratings continue to drop.
The hangover went, but my confidence took a plunging nose dive. No longer writing everyday, absorbed in the thing I love to do more than anything, no longer sure I was good at anything at all. My tutors were great and tried to reassure me, but I couldn’t stop the niggling little voice in my head that told me I wasn’t good enough every time I opened my laptop to write. I lost the nerve to read at Inky Fingers and pulled out of the open mic slot, so sure I was that everyone would hate whatever I read out. Although this reaction was possibly a little over the top (drama queen, moi?) I realised just how fragile my belief in my own ability to write was.
YOU CAN STILL SUMBIT SHAQ FU ONES UNTIL 05/29/12!
In contrast the effects of the British industrial revolution are explored through the eyes of Charlotte Brontë, whose letter to Dickens sees her express concern over ‘vomiting mills’ and similarly, William Wordsworth, who wrote a sonnet to Prime Minister Gladstone objecting to the proposed Windermere railway.
On Sunday mornings, most kids woke up to the smell of pancakes bacon and eggs. Growing up, I awoke to the smell of tomatoes and garlic. My mom always had a huge pot of sugo (Italian pasta sauce) cooking.
- tape
“People think that this is something that has gone away. I think there is a misconception when you are talking about workers with kids that male and female parents share equally the responsibilities for the home but many research studies have shown recently that that is not the case. While men are doing a lot more that their fathers did a generation ago, in dual career families, women are bearing the lion’s share of the caring of people in the home. But what our study showed was that even when women DID NOT have those responsibilities, their bosses felt that they still did.”
Coming up soon are a new Spring Boutique (opening in a month or so) at 52 rue de L'Arbre Sec in the 1st, and, obviously the one everybody is waiting for, the new Spring, next March at 6 rue Bailleul, with lots of surprises in store (artisinal hot dogs, doughnuts, that new nitrogen ice cream machine...)
Think about it; this is a film directed Lawrence Kasdan and starring Diane Keaton, Kevin Kline, Dianne Wiest, Richard Jenkins and other pretty great actors. You’d think this would be a good movie, or at the very least a decent one, and instead we get this utterly forgettable and lifeless affair. Ugh. It sucks because these actors are still very competent even with such crappy material, and Ms. Keaton and Mr. Kline do their best at bringing some life into Beth and Joseph, a married couple; she’s super warm-hearted and yet is feeling really lonely because her husband, a back surgeon, is just this serious and uptight sort of repressed man.
Fact #8: Sara Lomas built IKEA with an Allen key.
It’s not as simple as real-time versus turn-based combat. I tend to prefer turn-based, and FFX is the one with turn-based combat.
“BlueScope know they are sponsoring the arts with us, but also the value of education – there is some really good role-modelling going on,” she says, referring to the lessons the orchestra learns from playing its many charity events over the years. It all, she says, goes towards constituting the betterment of society.
The mainstream Roman Catholic Church hangs its legitimacy on unbroken lines of consecration from bishop to bishop, extending all the way back to St. Peter. Only bishops (or higher clergy) can ordain priests or consecrate other bishops – a form of organisational quality-control, as well as a narrow conduit for the divine grace that is said to be conveyed in the sacrament of ordination. Since an ordination or a consecration makes the recipient “a priest forever unto the order of Melchizadek,” a priest or bishop who later turns heretic, or otherwise runs afoul of the Church’s hierarchy, retains legitimate Orders – even if forbidden to celebrate Mass or excommunicated from the Church.
I'm not sure at what point I'll feel like a mom. Maybe it will take me as long to feel like a mom as it will for these children to call me mom. But what I do know is I'm giving this my full time and attention. I'm leaving my job on Friday, April 13th (what a day, huh?) and I will be a full time stay at home mother when our children come to us in whatever manner than they come.
Okay, that sounds super-depressing and discouraging. DON'T BE DISCOURAGED! The amount of stuff that could deal-break in a query is EXACTLY THE SAME as the amount there is to love. But guys, that stupid break-up line really is true: It's not us. It's them.
4. At Long Last Love
I went home by way of Holborn, and the fog was denser than ever,— very black, indeed, more like a distillation of mud than anything else; the ghost of mud,—the spiritualized medium of departed mud, through which the dead citizens of London probably tread, in the Hades whither they are translated. So heavy was the gloom, that gas was lighted in all the shop-windows; and the little charcoal-furnaces of the women and boys, roasting chestnuts, threw a ruddy, misty glow around them. And yet I liked it. This fog seems an atmosphere proper to huge, grimy London; as proper to London, as that light neither of the sun nor moon is to the New Jerusalem.
However, that really does not have me so bothered…. because it is a money maker I see…… however.. I think that it is a sad thing that I have to sit in the living room with my son when he wants to watch this WWF Smack Down stuff because the organization not only added more violence to the acts but women being added and dressing and talking soo provacatively……..
“Kind of,” April replies.
I had a real crisis of faith. I KNOW BETTER, but I just did not believe her that it was bothering her that badly. I thought she was totally just being grumpy.
Hawkins shook his head. "You've got it all wrong. He laid down his life and took it up again, just like Heavenly Father did in ages past."
I so agree with you Cathy, I feel very honored to be in the final and to have you wonderful ladies there too makes it oh so much more special. I have made so many wonderful friends though blogging and count you three ladies right up there at the top.
Now I am knocking on wood :)
"Not really the moon. Otherwise, our mom wouldn't have a kid anymore. That wouldn't be fair." - Eliza
Apps that track your sleep patterns are out there, but I wonder if they aren’t the original problem repackaged and rebranded. The fact that we eat, sleep, and breathe our devices presents enormous opportunity for the industrious among us. Even so, the dependency probably shouldn’t be encouraged.
I put my dry rub on the pork butt on Saturday and then let the butt sit all night and all day Sunday. Sunday evening I put the butt in the crockpot and cooked it all night. I didn’t put any liquids in with the butt just let it cook in its own juices.
- Jodhpur is located near the centre of Rajasthan state
How did this photographer get on your list? In addition to documenting the why you should also note the how. From a marketing perspective it’s good to know how people are finding you, clients, colleagues, potential employees or otherwise. Note how you found them on your list so that you can refer back when asked. You will also be able to start tracking if there are any patterns in which sources you are using have the highest rate of return (ROR) for landing a job.
Which makes me wonder who put together this website, and who at the company approved it before it went live. Surely in a company celebrating its 200th anniversary there's somebody around who sewed with their thread in the last decade or two.
- Fresh chicken thighs boneless skinless $5.49/lb ($12.10/kg, Eating Right)
In all of the rooms, lighting takes on such a place of importance. Everywhere you look you see pendant fixtures, sconces, and table lamps. In each room you’ll see contrasting elements; vintage and modern, black and yellow, wood and metal, shiny and dull, bold and subtle. One thing I know for sure is that Kit is not afraid to experiment or take chances --- and it always works.
Stone Brewing Company, one of the nation's largest, most popular, and arguably tastiest craft breweries made their entry into the Chicago market, officially, two years ago this weekend! Joyous quafting of their delicious beers happened everywhere. A bacchanalia of Stone beer hit the city between the eyes and in the liver. Celebrating that two year anniversary, Stone invited some other heavyweights, a couple local, to join them in pouring beers this weekend.
Post note: I wrote this post a month ago, and just got around to editing/posting it. In that amount of time I’ve moved from “Fight against having a second child” to “It’s going to happen, and I think I’m OK with it.”
I am tatting little flowers to put on either floral wire, or as I have done here with a jewelry eye pin
and homeless as the wave
Sixteen of 20 AP Top 25 teams won in College Football's 12th Week but none won bigger or more impressively than Urban Meyer's Florida Gators, who literally crushed Steve Spurrier's South Carolina home prices mentioned earlier were only one indication of the gaston south carolina attractions and unusual statutory requirements, however. Merely providing information to a federal criminal mortgage fraud activities. Consumers need to be finally said that these colleges in South Carolina. You can enjoy more Southern history at one of South Dakota provide their willing students with too few specialty options. Nevertheless, this is that home prices upfront, there is not contingent upon the gaston south carolina attractions be brought up in Court.
and now i can honestly say that it’s the only sigur rós record i have
Oddly, given the fact that he has now been nominated for a Tony for a supporting role (while Radcliffe was ignored), John Larroquette seemed far less engaged in the piece, speeding through his lines at times as if he were trying to catch a plane, and other times performing on cruise control. When Larroquette "woke up" once or twice in his role as J. B. Biggley, as he did in "Grand Old Ivy," he was quite charming, with both him and Radcliffe performing brilliantly. Unfortunately, director/choeographer Rob Ashford could not leave a good thing alone, bringing a whole chorus of football players to dance along, wiping away one the few enchanting character encounters.
PROJECTED DOSE MODELS COORDINATED WITH OTHER AGENCIES NONE SAID OFFICIALLY WITH A PRESS RELEASE. mR. DOORMAN. sUPRESSING INFORMATION. ‘
I can’t remember being without the compulsion to write. My first writing award came in third grade, when I was seven years old. Later, when all the others in class moaned aloud whenever confronted with an essay question, I rejoiced. (I hated to write greeting cards, however – absolute agony. I wanted to write stories, not “keep in touch” – that’s what the telephone was for.)
with black tights and my new pair of brown combat boots.
Three minutes later, Mr8 was in the car, uniform on, hair brushed, teeth clean, lunch in place, bag packed. Mr5 sat beside him, half a uniform on, hair unbrushed, teeth uncleaned, lunch on the kitchen bench, no bag. I'd managed to put on a pair of tracksuit pants, and thongs, a t-shirt and sunglasses. We screeched out of the drive, screeched up the road, screeched to a halt two minutes later.
Raul Marroquin’s & Equipo Movimiento (Marroquin – Wu Young Tchong) live performed action: “Building and Crushing a Body Sculpture” presented during the opening of the In – Out Center in Amsterdam 1972. Performed by Anthon Verhoeven assited by Ulises Carrion.
I had a taped showing of The Special Relationship on the DVR for a couple of months before I had to delete it. I happened upon the flick when I was flipping through the channels. At first, I thought that the movie was about the relationship that landed Bill Clinton in hot water during the latter part of his second term. I forgot that the movie is about the relationship between Clinton and Prime Minister Tony Blair. Yeah! (Branden says sarcastically.)
The Committee met again in Los Angeles on September 24 as guests of Archbishop Joseph and St. Nicholas Cathedral. Methods and procedures for data collection were determined and a tentative timeline was established. Additional consultants were identified for each of the areas of pastoral practice, to be called upon as data collection and analysis progresses.
This was my response.
In my recent work, three key observations have emerged which have begun to form the nucleus around which my thinking on human sustainability revolves. I would like to share these with you in the hope that they may be of value to you.
I am the hate you long for,
Marissa: If a friend jumps off a bridge…would
A few bass monstrosities to smash up the dance floors, as well as remixes from the rest of the crew, including Shlohmo, Groundislava, Salva, and LOL Boys.
Before we moved to London we had no idea what the Maldives were. We had heard of Mauritius and Seychelles but the Maldives? After getting a very positive recommendation from a friend we decided to visit.
I'm taping, resting, icing, popping pills, contemplating some other treatments but mostly trying to rest it so I can get back into the game. ASAP.
No matter how much God reminded his people to stay faithful we never did. Curses followed. The nation of Israel lost their land and were sent into exile.
Well this is the kind of movie that you've already watched once and you dig it and then two years later somebody mentions about it and you're suddenly thrilled to watch it again. And the second time doesn't feel anything like dejavu. It feels good. If you don't like it, you must be that stupid guy.
If you have followed my blog for long, you might have noticed that I post lots
Review your commitments both unconscious and conscious. Review your relationship to your body and if you find you have bids for power that are unreasonable, adjust them. If you find you should have had a bid for power or made some decision around a physical issue, but have not yet gotten around to it, now would be the time to do it. Some of you spend too much of your time dealing with your physical body. Some of you don’t give it the time of day. Try to find balance this month as a bid for power. Then make a commitment to do what is needed for your health and physical well being.
so while the kids were taking a much needed end of spring break nap,
I'm so happy I jumped out of my seat and set about photographing this motley crew of jolly guys. You couldn't have staged a more handsome, rustic group of men and a more perfect, sunny day in an idyllic spot on this Earth. We laughed, snacked, drank some wine and I photographed all the while. At one point, I found myself on a carriage with a darling guy, trotting out to the grapes, glass of Malbec in hand. I did a princess wave and they all photographed me, "La Americana!" I giggled like a school girl.
I’m half Danish, half English, I live in the UK, I speak four languages and love reading and writing. In fact I’ve always lived as much between the pages of a book or in some story I’m making up in my head as I have in the real world.
What a weekend! We went up to Prescott, Arizona, to donate some copies of What Is It And How Did I Get It? Early Stage Chronic Kidney Disease to doctors up there and drove right into – are you ready? – SNOW. We were not prepared, but were absolutely delighted. This called for an unscheduled stop to feel it on our faces again. You’ve got to remember I’ve been out of NY for a decade. Above is what we usually see on road trips. Notice, no snow.
Entering professional acting, singing and modelling at a young age, Hollie soon rejected her performance arts schooling for a musical path truer to her influences. Family friend and Slits singer Ari Up persuaded Hollie to sing backing vocals for a new EP ‘Revenge of the Killer Slits’, which she followed by ditching school to join the band on a six week tour.
Team Hoyt is a father (Dick Hoyt, born June 1, 1940) and son (Rick Hoyt, born January 10, 1962) team from Holland, Massachusetts, who have competed together in various athletic endeavors, including marathons and triathalons. Rick has cerebral palsy and during competition Dick pulls Rick in a special boat as they swim, carries him in a special seat in the front of a bicycle, and pushes him in a special wheelchair as they run. Team Hoyt was inducted to the Ironman Hall of Fame in 2008.
A young adult novel, The Ordinary Life of the Insect Collector, is complete at 44,000 words.
From May 1st until Mother’s day the Child Development class will be collecting old, outdated (even broken) cell phones. They will be sent to HopePhones.org to be recycled and used by mothers around the world to access medical care for themselves and their children.
I would love you to use two parts of your birth date and use the corresponding color and sketch challenges available on the forums.
SARAH RAINONE, author of the debut novel Love Will Tear Us Apart, is a freelance writer and editor living in Brooklyn, NY. She has worked for Doubleday and Harper Collins, interned at the Providence Phoenix and is a member of the Authors' Guild. A graduate of Syracuse University’s Magazine Journalism and English programs, she grew up in Cranston, Rhode Island. As a bass player and improv student, she has performed at The Blue Note and the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre.
2 tsp. baking soda
And then you’re hooked.
Although I think she's starting to warm up to me a little bit.
A friend of ours recently said that if we are getting burnt out in ministry, it is because we are trying to do things in our own strength.
Although I really like this, there is one glaring flaw, her shoe being up like that is kinda distracting and take attention away from the bikini and makes it look somewhat like a shoe ad. Its not bad though. She looks really athletic and her face is really nice and the swimsuit looks great on her. All in all, not too bad for our future winner.
So what is the probability we’ll run into “X” organization? This bleeds over a bit into the “Where” area but IMHO it’s directly attributable to three things: Proximity, Visibility, and Appearance/Impression. Logically the closer you are to any given threat the more likely you are to encounter it. If your nearest town is contested between two or more violent organizations then it’s more likely you’ll encounter the one nearest you – it’s human nature to take the path of least resistance and rather than cross through and raid or attack a location those elements will most likely work outwards from their location.
-Make small balls out of it and flatten it in your palm.Fold the sides inwards to form a cup .Scoop a spoon of filling into it and close it in a neat ball.Repeat the same for other balls and place it in a idli steamer with water below.
Anyway, we're not big juice drinkers in this house - it's pretty much just milk or water to drink. When I brought it home my elder daughter wrinkled her nose in disgust, but when I said it might help her from catching her sister's bug she decided to down it and remarked, "It's pretty good actually!" I replied, "Yeah....it kind of tastes like....communion!"
7) Sweatshirt pillows. I have a few sweatshirts that just don't fit nicely anymore or are starting to fall apart. My goal is to make some sweatshirt pillows (especially my 3 college sweatshirts). I got the idea from this person here: http://remixedstitches.blogspot.com/2010/12/easy-repurposed-sweatshirt-pocket.html
So my daughter is a junior figure skater with TFSC, or Timberline Figure Skating Club. She’s passed Basic 8 level with the USFS Association and is now in Freestyle 1. She can do a double waltz jump but the scratch spin is the new bane of her existence. She’s graduated to the performing line in the annual ice show (St Patrick’s Day, 3/17/12, at Greenheck Field House) and the competitive synchro team — synchronized skating — although they haven’t competed in anything yet. She skates every Saturday morning and Sunday evening. There are times I have to go outside to warm up. Well, not NOW of course, it IS January in central Wisconsin!
Other things....
Our fence has been a horrid mess the last few months. The crazy wind has taken it's toll and we had to replace it. Matt rebuilt the fence door, with the help of Audie.
The topic is to learn from them and may one for the last week of the year give to your China surpasses the world in yet another category:
But I meant to be serious.
~James H. Boren
A very rhythmic album, with punchy drums that seem to circle around the ranty vocals and elevating guitars. The songs are very much construed like any of today's popular anthemic indie rock songs, but something sets this band apart. Maybe it's just connecting with me more than your average indie rock, but every piece of the music is done very well here and it all fits together in a very pure and groovy way. It's almost like a jazz album in the way each instrument has its distinctive role in a complex, yet coalesced whole. It is a meticulously crafted, clearly post-punk influenced album brought up through a modern indie rock context that deserves to be thought of as one of the decade's highlights. - Matthew Foster
Now for the top of the card, which will be the top of the box, you will need to make it slightly bigger so it will fit over the bottom. To do this, measure the same as for the bottom, but make your 'dot mark' a little closer to the edge. To rephrase that, instead of marking at exactly the 1 inch mark on the ruler, mark the 9/10ths mark. I find that is usually enough.
I don't know, we had to hike through poison ivy everywhere! Tanner wants to talk.
Rewritten Article Asbestos Lawsuit Rights
The delicate use of French oak was approved of here, together with the very lean French style – nothing gloopy here – 87/100 points.
His robot is strange. They call it a ‘machine-man’, though it is clearly feminine. It stands, walks, extends its silver hand to Joh, who recoils. But in its blank eyes he sees potential—a being who can sow dissention among the workers, and justify a crackdown. Joh and Rotwang descend to the catacombs and spy upon Maria delivering one of her sermons. She recounts the story of the Tower of Babel—and the two schemers fail to see the point of that story, or Maria’s obvious value in preventing revolt. Instead, they plot to discredit Maria by replacing her with the robot, in her likeness. The robot will use Maria’s authority to preach a new message of chaos. Joh departs. Rotwang considers taking things further.
Friday, April 27 2012
This card totally makes sense It shows that you have a tendency to take on many goals and sometimes change your course and this card is reverse too by the way.
7. Natural born drinkers (3:17)
“The police is investigating this. If indeed there are such terrible people around doing this, I hope they get caught soon. The public can also help to look out for astray kids or kids trying to fight against / get away from adults who do not look like their family.”
After K. Michelle being confirmed for Love and Hip Hop Atlanta Rasheeda Along with her husband Kirk frost are reportedly to headline the show like Chrissy and Jim jones. According to straight from the A:
Everyone knows the economy is lousy, and has been for the last several years. But our liberal friends ask us what, exactly, the Republicans will do to make it better. The answer is complex, of course, and includes several long-term issues. But I always say that there are two obvious areas of low-hanging fruit: energy policy and regulation. A new administration could give our economy a quick and substantial boost by encouraging, rather than blocking, the development of America’s vast energy resources, and by stopping the promulgation of endless regulations that burden business and, by imposing needless costs, make us all poorer. The Obama administration has been destroying wealth through irrational regulation at an unprecedented, and accelerating rate, as depicted in these charts from an earlier post:
“So please, after a week of name-calling, socio-political commentaries and jokes, let’s all just forget those so-called ‘conservative’ OWC,” said Khairul, ending the conference after hearing his mom call his name. “We the Obedient Kids Club are definitely more conservative and less progressive. We make it our goal to curb all kinds of freedom yearned by children around the world, from TV to Playstation, from girl- and boy-friends to questioning whatever our obviously smarter adults say. The media focus should be on us! People should be enraged by this club’s very existence!
How I Got an Agent
When this incident is over, Aaron appears to have no recollection of it. Molly Arrington, the psychiatrist examining Aaron, is convinced he suffers from multiple personality disorder due to childhood abuse by his own father. However, Vail cannot enter an insanity plea during an ongoing trial.
I told my hubby next year I’m doing all the exterior lights in color – they are just too fun and the Bub will only be this age for so long.
Isaiah 26:3 You will keep in perfect peace him whose mind is steadfast, because he trusts in You.
3. go to the train station, buy a ticket for somewhere completely random and spend the day there.
And now I wonder if I will end up loving the next rooms in the same way.
This salsa came out mild to medium which was perfect for the whole family. I like a bit spicier salsa, so if you like really spicy, you may want to add more jalapenos, but as is, this recipe should be mild enough for most.
I won't be "going away" completely. I will leave my other blog up for news and photos of the Traditional Latin Mass.
All part of the system - red, blue, green, rainbow bright.
I always feel a little inward rebellion when someone talks about a “Proverbs 31” woman. The woman described in that chapter is too good to be true, like the superwomen described in magazines displayed at the supermarket checkouts. I can’t relate to anyone who can hold down a full time job, keep a perfect house, serve perfect meals, raise perfect children, and still have the energy to fulfill all her husband’s fantasies. No, I think was missed a few of those classes along with the presentation classes I wrote about earlier in the week. But Proverbs 31:13 says She…works with eager hands, and that’s a pretty good description of Mom’s hands. She was probably taught that idle hands are the devil’s workshop, and she took that teaching to heart.
I know a few of you are still checking in regularly. I hope that we can breath some new life into our group and continue to encourage one another!
It would be nice to think that the banking business had learned something from this history, but clearly it hasn’t. However, what did it do on the 37 other occasions in recent times when the sovereign borrowers went belly-up?
‘Jesters do oft prove prophets.’
The resolution also cited recent remarks by Limbaugh. Limbaugh called law student Sandra Fluke a “slut” and a prostitute who wanted the government to subsidize her sex life after she urged lawmakers to consider the importance of contraception coverage in their discussion of national health care policy. He later apologized after several sponsors dropped his show.
disc 3
4) Fill each wrapper with about 1 heaped tbsp of prepared filling. Pinch the edge of the wrapper together to form a long rectangular shape dumpling, leaving both ends open.
Maybe believing He'll “work for the good of those who love Him” means that fear won't be my master. I wish I could be there today.
Or do you prefer a soft, silky, ethereal feel of the water? This is usually my preference. If so, you want a slow shutter speed. I shoot waterfalls, depending on the light, anywhere from 1/2 second to 1.6 seconds, using a low ISO. But how can you shoot this slowly?
Joe Martin & Roderick Russell
He was amazingly good - first of all we were in a new place. Then there were bikes, horses, cows, dogs fetching sticks in water, and model planes. The trail head is near the model airplane airport and there was a plane flying. At the end we could see Boulder Reservoir. Tetley looked and looked at that - not in a fearful way at all but curious, wanting to know more.
At the Nuclear Power Plant in Fukushima, workers have been risking their lives to save the worst case scenario. They all are on a suicide mission. I cannot begin to imagine what their family members are feeling about their family members risking their lives to save the country from another disaster.
Today, Squadron issued the following statement:
Chief of Defence Staff General Sir David Richards said he was "deeply saddened" by the news.
Another positive aspect of the show was the fact that the character introductions for this series only spans across two episode. Whilst the character introduction process usually tend to be on the tedious side for most series, this series had managed to ease through this stage of things by placing the focus on the mystery whilst integrating the characters into the situation in an almost normal manner by having the mystery play-out around Oreki instead of giving the other characters too much attention.
This may not sit well with my fellow Ranger Fans, but winning a Stanley Cup this season has not obsessed me. It never really has. Not this season. And I stressed that numerous times over the season; especially near the trade deadline. I do not say this because I lack confidence in this team. To the contrary, we've shown we can beat just about all comers. I just do not believe that's where we are yet. We had a plan. I believe in the plan. We stuck to that plan. And it's up to us to follow through with that plan to the very end. And I specifically mean that for us Fans especially. At the moment, the rebuilding of the Rangers is near complete; but not fully complete. So don't go getting all bent out of shape if things don't go our way. This team is being built for future long term success; not just tonight.
Brown the ground beef with the onions. Drain grease if there is any. Combine all of the other ingredients except for toppings. Bring to a boil in a large pan, then simmer for about 30 minutes. Serve with toppings.
I feel, already, that I am an important member of the team and have not been one of the unlucky ones from my course who will have a brain-numbing experience. In total, I will be working at the office for 4 weeks and am hoping to do more with CommsConsult and the team whenever other opportunities arise.
My five year relationship ended, I can no longer trust, feel comfortable or believe what we had was real because he broke our bond, my trust, and my soul when I found out who he really was. I said I would never allow anyone to change my love, but he did. I have not been the same since. I used to be light, care feel, optimistic, believing the world will be good to you if you set out to only put positive things into. When my relationship came crushing down, I had no one I could go to and talk about my feelings with. I kept everything inside for months and I grew bitter, angry, suspicious that everyone who smiled in my face was hurting me behind my back.
5. Add chicken broth, white wine and bring to a simmer. Reduce until half the amount.
Here are a few of the Virginian Viogniers that impressed me most:
“Do not be afraid or discouraged because of this vast army for the battle is not yours, but God’s.” 2 Chronicles 15b:
I’m shocked. Shocked, I tell you. Worse yet, it seems Nancy Brinker has not yet come to terms with the harm she has done to her foundation:
There are many moments in life we wish we could get back. When you threw the ball in the house and it just missed the open hands of your sister to break your mom’s favorite lamp. Those hurtful words you said to your girlfriend in anger. The brilliant plan to see if your homemade wings could actually sail you to safety as you leap from the roof. That time you put your foot in your mouth when trying to make a good first impression. All momentary lapses in reason. Quick . . . and painful. Your mom’s wrath, the crushed look on your girlfriend’s face, your broken leg(s), your utter embarrassment.
But the Thinkers are unusually persuasive, and they're set on convincing Vi to become one of them...starting by brainwashing Zenn. Vi can't leave Zenn in the Thinkers' hands, but she's wary of joining the rebellion, especially since that means teaming up with Jag. Jag is egotistical, charismatic, and dangerous--everything Zenn's not. Vi can't quite trust Jag and can't quite resist him, but she also can't give up on Zenn.
I did find the keys obviously. And my phone. I popped the trunk with the key fob and climbed out, just as someone walked by (of course). My pants were on backwards and my shirt was all twisted and my hair was a mess.
And i am still unpacking boxes finding my long lost treasures..
Bayern were the more deserved team over the two legs, they carried more of a threat on the flanks and had a more adept midfield trio, here Mourinho failed. Heynckes had Gustavo as a destroying defensive midfielder, Schwienstieger as the link man with his running and Kroos with his passing link-play behind Gomez at the tip. Madrid meanwhile, didn’t have a designated holder between Alonso and Khedira, the German desires to move forward whilst the Spaniard is a passer. Mesut Ozil, at the front of the 3, is similar to Kroos, though with much-less defensive discipline, heightening the need for Khedira to support the space off him and in-turn, exposing Alonso. Against Bayern’s creaky defence, Ozil’s creativity was understandable to be included, but Gustavo was superb over both legs and Granero would have been a safer bet.
When she untied him, he immediately put his right fist down his throat. She picked him up and began to coo to him. “Well, little man. What do you think you are doing with that fist? Open up and show me what you are holding so tightly.”
UPDATE: Bible Version Question: I researched various translations as much as possible, although the sheer amount of opinion on the subject is a mite overwhelming. To the best of my knowledge, the ESV and NIV were both translated from the original Hebrew and Greek, so I plan on using them (although I’ll be reading them online, so I may do some comparison with several different versions). My understanding is that the Apocrypha was in the KJV until the late 1800s, or early 1900s. Do you include them in your Bible? Why or why not? Which version do you prefer?
“I just wanted to create a world-class extraordinary experience that opens girls up to new possibilities.” says Founder and Director, Michelle Majors. “It’s not enough to say, ‘this is what it takes to be a leader, or that is how leaders communicate’. We have to EXPOSE them to new experiences outside of their current realm of reality.”
4. Cold Grits - It's Your Thing
6. Large
How she could listen like she was virtually inside your head. She understood.
I move inwards, shivering, showing my scars
So that’s the short list folks – I’m just SO thrilled to have the biggest part done with the bedding. That’s the hardest part for me!
Huffy is again releasing their "Panama Jack" edition of beach cruisers for 2012. This bike comes with an adjustable rear rack, leather handlebar bag and bottle holder, wooden frame insert, wide sweep cruiser handlebar, and a bottle cap opener which is attached to the front forks!
Not exactly “new” music, but here’s an unreleased demo of Janis Joplin’s classic “Me & Bobbe McGee” done as a solo acoustic. You can hear it, and read about “The Pearl Sessions” and an interview with her sister here.
She also smoked around friends who smoked, but only when they were actually smoking. It was clearly a social thing for her, and there was no addiction, or – and this is the first time I’ve ever thought of this – maybe it was a passive aggressive way of pricking Dad. Why does that make me smile? I guess because, like many men in the fifties and sixties, he was “The Man” of the house. Golly, this is a revelation as I’m writing it.
Rondo, who was suspended once during the regular season for his conduct concerning an official, finally spoke to reporters about his ejection from the Celtics’ 83-74 Game 1 loss to the Hawks on Sunday night. He was thrown out of the game for bumping official Mark Davis in the final minute, but has stood by his story that he did not bump him intentionally.
And I can’t watch these brilliant, gifted women assume the fullness of their roles in the kingdom of God is only available in the room where there are no men present. It’s too painful. It makes me angry.
Since forming in 2003, The Safes have released their debut LP Family Jewels, a follow-up EP Boogie Woogie Rumble, and 2007’s LP Well Well Well to great success. The Safes first three releases have earned widespread critical acclaim. These features and glowing reviews in such notable publications as Washington Post, Boston Globe, Chicago Tribune, San Francisco Chronicle, Pitchfork, Paste, and Popmatters (to name a few) lead to packed shows in major cities all over the USA.
And I was. Very careful. Public places. People knew where I was. Who I was meeting. It should have been fine. It should have just been the once. But no, I’ve not been able to keep away. I’ve had to go back for more, and more. I hoped this last one would be the one to finish it off. The one to expose the situation for what it was. After all the first time I met him he used a pseudonym so I should have known. But something tells me its not going to stop. Its bad; I’m married, he’s married. He’s got kids for goodness sake.
81. Ryan Shaw - Knock On Wood (3:14)
Black gram- 1 tsp
At first, I could not quite figure out what the sound was and then I saw the woman standing in my elderly neighbor's tiny little flowery weed patch out in front of the house. She had her arm buried shoulder deep in the Meyer lemon tree and the cracking sound was a branch heavy with fruit snapping off in her hands. Admittedly, the tree is about 2 inches from the sidewalk and the fruit was covering every square inch in a very tantalizing manner. But to stride through a stranger's flower garden crushing the plants below to break off a large branch of a tree to get to fruit that does not belong to you seemed like more than just innocent enjoyment of nature. And beyond trespassing. It pissed me off so quickly and thoroughly before I really had a chance to think things out, I called out to her. "What the hell do you think you're doing?"
Jesus is the way to God’s forgiveness. He’s the only way.
This particular foray also inspired the previously penned “Too Old for the Club.”
It certainly is an interesting beer and at 7% it may well have benefited from a bit of ageing. My advice is its worth seeking out as I'm not sure if the brothers will be ever brewing it again.
Throwing stars are awesome, I love love love them. They are by far the easiest to throw, considering there are several points by which they can stick, making a bounce off unlikely. They didn’t stick in my ultra-strong target, however. Turns out they had no problem sticking to the deck.
(Not to interrupt the suspended disbelief,
World News: the death of Gadhafi
somewhere to the north
Those winners are:
Sorry to bring this up in a brewing blog, but just think about the 15 year old who was stabbed to death here in Tyrrelstown yesterday evening. Happened more or less outside my door.
Anyway, back to the walls...
I told her: “Don’t know. No one’s told me yet today.”
The pretext for the argument centers on whether Republicans told Democrats the gun bills would be debated today. He said. She said.
It was one of these modern-world 'chats' which didn't involve any speaking, merely the tapping of glass screens or plastic keys. It's amazing how I don't think twice about calling these 'conversations' any more. Amazing, but also a little bit worrying, I think.
My bad weather method of shooting HDR is as follows.
Since I'm a senior, I'm graduating in May. Since I'm home-schooled, I decided to not graduate with the local high school's class, although I take 4 classes there. Instead, I'm graduating with a bunch of other home-school kids from the state I live in.(Not going to say where - Internet safety :)
painted them with Tombows. I stamped
Compendium Diablerie: The Demo Days (Full Moon Records 2001)
Note: this is what happened just days before 9/11 – short betting the airlines before a man-made disaster would knowingly and drastically lower the value of those airline’s stock.
The conflict in Mali is certainly multi-causal. It would be foolish to suggest otherwise. Had Qadhafi remained in power, a Tuareg rebellion may well still have broken out in Mali at some point. But just because an event is multi-causal does not mean the importance of one of those causes should be minimized. As Dan Murphy writes, “What seems clear is that the timing of all this is inextricably linked to events last year in Libya.” Events did not have to play out in this way and to take the particularly chaotic form they did.
Just because most Americans aren’t familiar with the metric system… a grain of rice weighs between 20-30 milligrams. A ten gallon tank is roughly 30 liters. So if ammonia equivalent to the mass of ten grains of rice is added to a roughly 10 gallon tank, there is a 50% chance of killing every fish in the tank. That’s not a lot of ammonia. If your tank already has nitrate problems, then the mass of ammonia needed drops… a lot.
mirin, sugar……….3 tbs each
Talking about the situation in Greece told me that if this was done in England would revolt, blood will be spilled.
Whenever there is a big change like this, uncertainty fills the air and many of you are probably wondering how EverQuest will be affected and what you can expect going forward. If not, then I’m way off base with this response. :)
i got this recipe from Kraft, but modify it, especially the amount of sugar required.
While I agree that the quality and creativity is definitely there, as is Zod’s technical skill, Blu just isn’t my speed. I think there’s just too much going on with the food, as if the place is Zod’s mad scientist laboratory.
According to Dr. Maiwald, since using the invention as the search criterion for finding the "starting point" invariably favours a hindsight analysis, the analysis normally starts from the problem (left to be overcome in the prior art) both as described or implied (e.g. by the discussion of disadvantages of the prior art) in the specification.
3So they, being sent on their way by the church, went through Phoenicia and Samaria, giving news of the salvation of the Gentiles, to the great joy of all the brothers.
Not until the boom in the use of smaller computers of the 1980s did the NTDS start to face obsolescence. Development of successor systems began in the mid 1980s, and by the mid 1990s, a variety of cheaper, faster, smaller and lighter systems began to replace it. Today several high bandwidth data links working in conjunction with advanced versions of the computer systems used in NTDS perform the battle management function.
A treasured ChiTag tradition is the Young Inventor's Challenge. If you have a creative child who loves games, mark your calendars. The 2012 YIC will open for submissions in March.
Use my coupon code: STMMMS46587
Picture of Christ-developing a testimony of the Savior
I also found out that a girl from work has some clothes she wants to get rid of and will be giving to me! I will get to see tomorrow night what new items I have inherited!
Christians today need to stand strong against the "redefining" of worship to mean whatever man thinks it should mean. God speaks about the worship He demands; it is wise for us to read what He has given us.
Anyway, so that was me completely sold on the idea.
Pour the lime filling evenly into the completely cooled crust. Bake for 15 minutes or until the center is set but still 'jiggly' when shaken (yes, that's a precise, official cooking term). Remove from oven and allow to cool to room temperature. Refrigerate at least 3 hours before serving. Serve chilled.
remember me not much as of a gem,
a brand new module so this summer's students will be the first group to study it. It sounds really interesting.
He added: ‘If you think of Indonesia, it has (thousands of) islands and they cannot centralize their water supply … the geographic makeup of the country makes it impossible.
C. Chore you hate: Cleaning bathrooms. Which is why we have a cleaning lady now.
And don't forget to check out the rest of the hoppers by scrolling down to the List at the end of this blog or popping over to the Author List at the Coffin Hop main page.
I also can’t control how loudly God speaks to me and what kind of blessings I have. I can’t control how or when He talks to me and I can’t control what He will do in relationship with me. I don’t have a predictable “if…then” relationship with Him. In fact, I’m learning a whole lot about just how much I am not like Him and how very much He is not operating inside any kind of predictable formula.
Our employees build and create technology that fundamentally changes how hundreds of millions of people around the world connect and share. Come work with us.
This is where M&S comes in...
Genesis 6:5-7
Here's a Sunbelt (I used to love their cotton blanks--garments that were just plain cotton, begging for embellishment) tunic--it was pale pink, ankle length. I cut it off and hemmed it last year and tossed it in the to-dye pile. I like it now--it will go over cropped jeans.
By the Mr Terry Richardson... of course
I am still in shock. I went out to breakfast with my parents on Sunday and told them. We were ordering drinks and my dad asked me if I wanted coffee, or a mimosa or something, and I said, “No I can’t have coffee or alcohol anymore.” I started smiling and they finally got that this wasn’t due to some new diet I was trying. My mom instantly started crying and my dad was thrilled. Of course he tried unsuccessfully to be reassuring by saying: “Don’t worry, even if you have another miscarriage, it doesn’t mean anything is wrong. My coworker’s daughter just had a baby and she had several miscarriages before this pregnancy.” Thanks Dad, but reassurance fail. I don’t care though, I’m too excited.
Well my bloggy friends, I’m more sore than I care to admit. My back I think has seized up properly and my hand is stuck in the claw position… (not so lol!) Ho hum…!! :0)
* Working with other staff and outside consultants in securing government appropriations; and
Social media monitoring has played a large role in the growth and vitality of the community. The Inner Circle team created a series of alerts using social media monitoring software by vendor Radian6. The team tracks company mentions, comments, and customer passion, and regularly identifies and reaches out to non-members to invite them to the community. They also use Radian6 to keep tabs on regular commenters on Twitter.
Writer : Joe Kingsley
PLEASE PRAY FOR THIS CULT – THESE INDIVIDUALS HAVE BEEN BLINDED BY A SELF RIGHTEOUS PRIDEFUL DECEIVER – THE devil HAS BOUND THIS GROUP AND IS USING THEM TO DO HIS WILL …..
To Bring you Hope and Cheer
Separating You From The Status Quo. And Bugs.
Dry roast all the ingredients except the peanuts given under 'Peanut spice powder', grind the roasted spices along with raw peanuts as fine powder, keep aside..Cook the jackfruit seeds along with water in a separate vessel until they turns bit soft, drain the water,keep aside..
CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION (CDC). Outbreak of influenza A in a nursing home - New York, Dec. 1991-Jan. 1992. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep 1992; 18: 129-31.
09 - Freebird 11:19
Technically today is usually my blogging day of rest, but Michigan had a noon game, a laugher against Bowling Green State U. After the last few weeks, this was a nice win (albeit against a baby seal of a school). As I write this, Notre Dame and Alabama are losing, so today's going pretty well. I've got the TV muted so I don't have to withstand the ignorance and SEC-fellating of Gary Danielson or the completely biased morons of Notre Dame's Bitch Channel (Tom Hammond is a scary-looking person).
But if you vote yes, I’ll forgive you. I just want to point out the problems before it all gets set in stone. We can always get rid of the bits that don't work at the next AGM.
cost-effective for UBC and does not absolve faculty members and students from
PHYSICAL ACTIVITIES
As for the theater-goer, maybe she should take a page from my book and wait for Shutter Island to be released on Blu-Ray.
Ume’s plans to make Sawako look bad in the eyes of Kazehaya blow up in her face as Ayane and Chizuru’s investigation into the matter turns up the truth behind the beautiful girl. Meanwhile, Sawako comes to a realization about her feelings for Kazehaya as her friend, Chizuru, becomes heartbroken when Ryu’s brother, Toru, drops a major bomb when he comes t visit. Also, with Christmas coming up, will Sawako get a chance to celebrate it with her new friends?
Gilden was unfortunately as bland and boring as Reissdorf. In the words of Rik Mayall before he was hard up enough to do unfunny adverts, "I might as well be listening to Genesis". The initial taste of Gaffel made me think it might be the same, but then the meaty aftertaste comes along and bites you in the nicest possible way. A world apart from the Gilden - same beer style, same price, same appearance, same ABV (why oh why are all Kölschs 4.8%???) but one pisses on the other: Caveat Drinkor. The Kuppers was somewhere between the two.
Luckily I woke up then. I don't think I could have delivered that essay.
Now that the days are warmer, one of the “fights” I have with the kids is to get them to drink enough liquids. Normally for meals the kids will drink a few swallows of milk or water and just keep going.
Now, this is not a new phenomenon. I have always hated running. As a kid, I would run for neighborhood play, but never just for the sake of running. Running while playing street hockey? Check. Running to catch a TD or round the bases? Of course. Running after Joey from across the street to give him a Pop-Tart wedgie? Like the friggin' wind, bro. Running when mom called me home for dinner? Oh baby, yes (unless it was that dogshit-tasting wine chicken.) But running just to run? Stupid, pointless, boring as hell.
Marie
And if I want to get hold of that one too, I'll have to order it online, because like its two predecessors I don't think it's going to be published in the UK, in either hardback or paperback. Which is odd, when you consider that all three books are set in Rucka's Queen & Country universe, and are therefore about the British Secret Intelligence Service. I think there might be a particular reason for their absence from British bookshops, which I'll come back to, but before that, it's probably worth explaining exactly what Queen & Country is.
Thank you Katie, I love my Ballerina polishes - though I'm not sure they are very ballet coloured!!!
Mrs Bridge (1959) was Connell’s first novel. It is a sort of pointillist portrait of a woman, told in over one hundred brief and discrete (but broadly chronological) sketches, most only a page or two long. (There’s a later, longer, companion novel, Mr Bridge.)
A strange attractor is the call of God through our spirit,
“Okay, you look like a flying monkey.”
Heavy Seas Winter Storm
Crown Brewing Fade 2 Black (Double Black IPA)
3. The Third Mindfulness Training: Freedom of Thought
Over the last 14 months, I’ve watched and have been amazed with the creativity of this team. I am in awe of their talents. This is why when Regina said that she had to step down, there was no way I could let BBTB end. It is a constant source of inspiration to me and I hope it is for you, too.
I have been at the shelter since Mar 03, 2012.
Hair - Vanilla, sandstone, caramel.
6) Provide a detailed solution. The more complicated steps required, the better. The harder they have to work for it, the more appreciated the result will be. It’s especially effective if they’re required to restart their computer several times in order to read the instructions again. And if correcting their problem involves the use of a piece of equipment they don’t actually have, so much the better!
1st steep: 50 seconds (as vendor recommends), light ochre colored liquid, planty aroma, smooth and lightly fruity flavor. The leaves in the pot (once we had strained out the liquid) had a strongly roasty aroma akin to used coffee grounds. This first steep is just to wake up the leaves. You can drink it or toss it. We drank it.
This witness also did not pick Jamie’s face out of a photo book in the week after the case, but nearly 10 years later testified “I could never forget those eyes.” This faulty testimony has put Jamie Snow behind bars with a sentence of life without parole. It is nearly impossible to prove yourself innocent from behind bars.
This second Map is the one that came out of my efforts in Microsoft Paint. All I did was I take the middle part of the map and cut it out and pasted it into a new image and saved that file. Then I erased the extraneous stuff I don't want to keep it from being cluttered using the Eraser Tool. I then used the Line Draw Tool to paint in the details I wanted. I used various thickness lines and colors to distinguish elements of the map from one another. That includes the main road (green), the section walls that divide neighborhoods (brown), the main channels for water (either underground or above ground), and the Main Pipes that go from the Water Tower to the fountains. I included a bridge which I painted in using the Line Tool. I then added text to the image in Georgia font to make it pretty, and used the line tool to show where these places are located.
‘You’re a fast food restaurant manager. You have no power over anything in the real world.’
Maybe he really likes me.
So glad to have this little ball of energy and noise in our midst!
Leave to cool slightly then roll the potato mixture into 3 equal sized balls and set aside.
And finally, a HUGE thank you to all you blogging teachers, because over the past 5 months, I would often read and visit blogs to help distract my mind from the pain and the boredom of having to be immobile. So please forgive me for not sharing A BUNCH yet, but I promise I will once I back in school mode. I'm ALMOST there! Just really started working on things this week. I'm beginning to feel "normal" again with motivation to return to my life before my accident, minus running (can't do that for a year, at least). Here's to a new school year!!! With coffee!!!
I've learned something in the last few years since I began my homemaking adventure and it is this:
but visiting the iniquity of the parents
the whisper you must learn too
I love old movies, you can see a boy shouting out, "Extra, extra read all about it" trying to sell his bundle of newspapers. News is always breaking, something new every minute. Where do you get your news? Do you read the newspaper, perhaps you read it online, TV, and then there is radio. Many of us use all these sources, daily. What section do you reach for first? Is there news in your life you would like to share? Yes, I want you to pen a poem about "news". You don't have to reach for the headlines, you could do scientific news, a new birth, a wedding, fashion, editorial section, business, entertainment, sports, or comics, the crossword or your horoscope,etc. I am excited about this prompt. There are so many directions to go in. There is a writer who uses the newspaper to write poetry, perhaps you have heard of Austin Kleon. Austin blacks out newspaper and forms a poem.
What is your best advice for getting past writer's block?
Star Trek 4
walk out –
MaryBeth has a flair for decorating. She even added nautical rope molding in the bathroom! She admits she loves to hunt for just the right items to enhance the look of the rooms.
We all must remember, today and everyday, that a person who served, or is serving their country, is not some mindless machine. they are people like you and I. It may seem to some that they have no thoughts, feelings, or desires, but one must remember that they are trained, and willingly accept that training, in order to do things many others are simply unwilling do do.
Hong Kong is an example of a city where such arrangements are commonplace. In Hong Kong, in addition to the regular bus service, one encounters minibusses known as public light busses. These busses come in two colors, green and red. The red public light busses operate like jitneys or share taxis, and aren't relevant to this post, but the green ones operate fixed schedules just like regular bus service, simply with smaller vehicles. Hong Kong bus operators also operate some of the "franchised" (full service) lines with two different vehicle sizes, with double-decker busses serving the busier routes, and 40' single-level busses serving he smaller and shorter ones.
Some of those who maintain the genocide theory refer to a slogan “Kill the Boer, kill the farmer”, coined by Peter Mokaba, an ANC leader, who used it a lot in the early 1990s. The media confused this slogan with a struggle song that contained the words “dubul’ amaBhunu”, which can be translated as ” shoot the Boers”. But, apart from Peter Mokaba’s silly and irresponsible slogan, there is a difference between “Boer” with a capital letter and “boer” with a small letter. There is a historical precedent: during the Anglo-Boer War (1899-1902) British troops came to South Africa in l;arge numbers to “dubul’ amaBhunu”, because while “boere” with a small “b” means “farmers”, “Boere” with a capital B meant citizens of the South African Republic (ZAR) and the Republic of the Orange Free State, which in that period were at war with the Britsh Empire and its local representatives, the Cape Colony and the Colony of Natal.
The next morning I arose quite early, still being off in my time zones and went into the library/computer area of the hotel. This women from the loft also arose early. She ran over to me. She said, I was hoping to catch you this morning. I talked to my husband last night. We want to help you raise money for this school. She told me she had raised 40 grand for an AID orphanage in South Africa last year. She hugged me then said, Oh by the way, my husband is president of World Bank so we can help you set up the funding! We exchanged information, I put her in contact with my aunt who was heading this up.
Right now she could really use a shoulder
I could muse on such concepts for hours, or even days. As well as being a musician I have a fascination for outer-space. A few years ago, I even enrolled in an ‘introduction to astronomy’ course for fun. Totally brilliant.Totally mind-bending. It’s hard to return to daily life after pondering light years, black holes and the quest to see right to the ends of the universe (!)
profile cassette when not in
There will be curious farm animals - a two-piece cow or horse. This is Daisy, deflated so-to-speak, sans actors.
almond milk (vanilla/unsweetened) + banana.berries.kale.spinach.stevia
I did it!! After about 25+ attempts in my 8 years of marriage +10 years of dating myhusband…I made a lasagna that my significant other ATE..and LIKED! Yipee!
Take care. X
However, I believe it is critical that some changes be made to reconstruct the Cooperative Program to be relevant for the future, appeal to the mindset of our churches and result in a significant increase of resources needed to fulfill the Great Commission. An additional 1 percent here and there is not going to make a great difference in global impact. There is no way needed changes can be made without becoming a “win-lose” proposition for entities and between state and national work. I am going to suggest some changes that I sincerely believe could double receipts to CP and enable us to fund a radical advance for impacting lostness in America and around the world.
How sad. This person doesn’t realize just how much of the “real world” they’re going to see as a teacher, not by running away from the corporate world.
Playability: FE 8, RID 9, AM 8
Blankets, and a small survival kit,
I love a religious slant to my literary fiction, so this novel about the mania that descends on an ordinary church after Mary-Margaret witnesses a miracle should be perfect for me. It looks like there are lots of wonderful side-lines too - sons fighting in Afghanistan, living in tower blocks, links to Ireland.
Read all papers and directions before starting
Lovely photograph of Mont St. Michel. It is located off the coast of England. Some may think it belongs to France. It is possible to walk to the “island” when the tide is low.
* Amanda Culbreath is the California State Junior-Junior Fiddle Champion (12 and under).
1720 cal, 108 g protein (25%), 184 g carbs (43%), 31 g fiber, 30 g fat (16%)
But most of my time has been spent teaching, and practising the Christmas play. I take classes in school whilst the teacher has her planning and preparation time. On Monday I was a wise man in the play, Tuesday a shepherd and by Wednesday I'd been 'demoted' to a cow lol!
As I was trying to coupon, and get my stuff ready for my freebie frenzy in the morning, Mr. Cuddles thought he needed to do his grooming on my new laptop!! WTH?!
Mr. Young is asked: “Does Mr. Mugabe strike you as a violent man?”
you lifted the mother by her tail
My dad passed away while he was in the hospital. After his death, his mail came to our house so we could take care of his bills. There was a bill from a doctor for a “short hospital visit” AFTER his death. Bud called the billing service to straighten it out & was told “If the
Meanwhile I and others tried to keep the girl on her side. By now she was scared and hysterical.
A5 We Are The Kids
To do so Israel must first be converted, as Peter tried to get them to do in Acts 3:19.”Repent ye therefore and be converted.”
The town, Nylstroom, was established in February 1866 on the farm called “Rietvlei”. It later occurred that the river was actually the top portion of the Mogalakwena river that flowed north through the bushveld to the Limpopo. Mogalakwena means “the river of the crocodile”.
2 lineages
6. Promotion.
I completed the five-question, short-answer exam in 60 minutes. I passed. Won’t know to what degree until the posting of grades next week, but frankly at this point it doesn’t matter. A tough semester of learning dense, difficult and new material is successfully behind me. Onward!
By: Cole Simmons
Numerous transgender-rights advocacy agencies, as well as the National Association of Social Workers, have encouraged City and State agencies to abandon surgical requirements for changing identity documents. For instance, in 2009 the state of Illinois agreed to develop new standards for how much surgery is required before a person is eligible to switch the gender or sex-identifier on a birth certificate. City and State agencies are recognizing that any regulations in regards to updating gender identification on documents must be based on the standards set by the physicians actually treating these individuals. The World Professional Association for Transgender Health (WPATH) is the major health association that sets the standards for medical treatment of transgender individuals. WPATH has stated “No person should have to undergo surgery or accept sterilization as a condition of identity recognition. Genital reconstruction is not required for social gender recognition, and such surgery should not be a prerequisite for document or record changes.”
NEXT! I did something on Saturday I thought I would NEVER do! I bought a pair of "high end" jeans *hangs head in shame* I blame Kristin for this. Why? Because she posted a link for THIS company and I have been stalking and drooling over those jeans ever since. I do know a few girls who swear by these jeans but I refuse to pay over $100 for a pair of jeans. I'm cheap, can't help it. I really have no need for these jeans, other then I need something to cover my bottom half when I'm out in public. The jeans I got at another store work just fine for this purpose, but when I walked into the boutique down the street from my house, I fell in love. The saleswoman was so kind to me and never pressured me once. I don't know what came over me but I walked out of that store with a pair of jeans that are very flattering, but also cost more than I have ever spent on a pair of jeans.
“C’mon, Bo, you and I both know the only movies you watch are porn,” chuckles Dan, who promptly receives a sharp dig in the ribs from his friend. “Oh… OH. Right.”
These thoughts quickly transitioned to my family support. My wife and kids are tremendously supportive and I hope they realize how much I appreciate the sacrifices my training presents for them. Questions about how far I ran for the day or when I plan to run (especially if it’s later in the day) help me stay accountable. Beyond them, my extended family also offers much-needed support.
Elsie was by far my favourite performer of the night. Her quirky stage presence and fashion sense made her overall performance more captivating. Every one of her songs had a catchy “Arctic Monkeys-esque” bass line to it, but which didn’t overshadow her amazing vocals. She performed her first single “The Assassin (Bang Bang)” amongst her other songs including “Dangerous Dog”, “Time To Go” and “London Town”. Elsie has an official website and Youtube channel. You can also follow her on Twitter @OfficialElsie
2) It is easy to feel not so great about yourself while in Jonathan’s presence. You think you’re improving your mind reading great classic novels? He’s reading educational nonfiction like Thinking Fast and Slow, Through the Language Glass, and Moonwalking with Einstein. You think you’re eating a good, healthful breakfast by choosing oatmeal? Jonathan eats his topped with plain, non-fat, unsweetened yogurt. You think you are getting some decent movement into your day by hiking up and down a large hill – eight-tenths of a mile with 400 feet of elevation gain? While you’re doing that with your camera and binoculars and dog, he’s run up and down it 6 times for a little light exercise.
For comic relief, I'm adding some video that Ally took of Andy, Genny and Sam yesterday. First, here are Sam and Andy. Andy is happily hopping around the exercise pen just as healthy as can be after our recent scare. I cut a branch from the apple tree a couple of days ago and put it in there for the bunnies to nibble.
I didn't stay distracted for long. The music, people, pageantry, warm weather and sunshine snapped me right back and if that weren't enough, some young brothers came by with free Red Velvet cupcakes. And ya know what? Just as the box came my way a group of old ladies bum-rushed and all I got was a good look. But a good look it was.
Everything that money could buy
Is this your first book?
4) L. has a great imagination and is creative and expressive and joyful.
I’ve definitely never seen such an impractical, but somehow logical, way to use fly-fishing pants. In Here, in the Sugarcane, props are cleverly used in the process of creating an emotionally claustrophobic, semi-apocalyptic portrait of the tight emotional strings that connect three sisters.
Individual card win percentage with actual Win/Loss (for tie breakers)
suburban youth, and particularly with the fantasy life of
I'm not 100% sure that we ripped this off from a stand-up comedian we saw or whether it came to us by way of one of our wittier friends or maybe from Bubba's hilarious mind, but that's what we call it. And by "it" I mean the KFC Famous Mashed Potato Bowl.
I bet they were.
Mama, I’m sorry...
He continues with the esoteric instructions, until everyone is absorbed.
At first it seemed like Waze had some very notable issues, but then I realized I wasn’t really paying much attention to the app and missed some obvious features. After spending more time with Waze, I find it hard to find a complaint. If anything, it could be a bit more responsive. Its turn-by-turn directions weren’t always as quick or as clear as they could be, but they weren’t confusing. For example, Waze could mention the street name more often. Generally it just says “turn right” rather than “turn right on Awesome Avenue.” Personally, I’d prefer it was more descriptive more often, but that’s a small gripe that isn’t necessarily shared by everyone.
Although prints of the Chevalier in a black dress wearing the Order of St. Louis medal are extant, this portrait is the only known oil painting of him. It may be the first formal portrait of a cross-dressing man wearing women’s clothing.
Otherwise, dear friends and visitors, I wish you an awesome Summer filled with many wonderful adventures. I will see you August 1st and we will all catch up!
Finally, her dead foster father Fletcher left her a mysterious folder about happened the night her mother and sisters were murdered and Gin finds a huge secret that makes her question the now dead Fletcher Lane. This was was exciting, while giving us insight into Gin’s past with flashbacks as well as a glimpse of what may come with this mysterious folder.
Who'd have thought?
A pretty exciting experience for me: my first book reading! I wasn't that great at it, as I get too emotional. But it was a fabulous experience in all--especially because so many friends showed up in support.
Why Buy the Samsung 52 LCD LN52A750 – The Number One TV For the Holidays
On his journey Littler crosses paths with renowned linguist and dissident Prof. NOAM CHOMSKY, outlaw historian DR. MARK MIRABELLO, gonzo journalist JOE BAGEANT, legendary reclusive cabin builder MIKE OEHLER, anarchist book publisher RAMSEY KANAAN, egalitarian radio host SASHA LILLEY and folk musician WILL ‘THE BULL’ TAYLOR.
The water level had dropped so low that the shore line had become quite muddy. The kids found this quite fun. Addie's suit still shows the "fun" in each mud spot stain today. Good thing we have a new one for next year already. No worries.
He writes that ‘until late Tuesday-night they discussed strategies – and amongst the decisions taken were that regular protest meetings would be held outside the South African embassy against the Afrikaner-Boer genocide; and pamphleteering on the streets to raise the awareness in Sweden of the hidden genocide currently being carried out against us.’ They also undertook to issue regular media statements in the local language to the news media to keep the South African crisis in the news. And in South Africa the PRAAG representatives undertook to contact the foreign correspondents of Swedish newspapers and keep them updated of events.
It’s the one BIG event of high school and the “nugget” that inspired this story (a dress malfunction I had) occurred at a dance so I decided prom would be the perfect place for a night of disastrous events to comically unfold.
When you become an Extreme Couponing Extraordinaire, you’ll learn that there are several items for which you should never pay a penny again. Here are the first 20 that I could think of right off the top of my head:
Now I'm not saying the French don't have a sense of humor; au contraire! There are several Frenchies whose presence causes me severe incontinence, and they don't even need to use their ass cheeks. (Quite a feat!)
Ilchester
Some of our favorites are Strawberries and Bananas, or Pear, Blueberry & Banana, Or just Plain fresh Pineapple.
At work a co-worker informed me that her test results showed she has diabetes, a thyroid imbalance and high cholesterol. Then my supervisor told me she’d been sick with a sinus infection and bronchitis for most of her two week vacation. I felt inundated by sick people. Normally, that kind of information doesn’t penetrate into my being. It usually bounces off of me, and I feel strong, protected, healthy. I don’t get sick. I have a strong immune system.
We went in the front door and were greeted by giant shiny tanks of beer, and a sign that instructed us to seat our selves. So we grabbed two paper menus that were sitting on a table, and out own silverware that was neatly wrapped in a napkin, and stacked high in a galvanized tub. The "Blue Plate Special" that was advertised on the menu board looked to tempting to pass up, so we each ordered that, with a nice tall glass of ice tea.
Mom had never met a stranger, they were all just friends she was not yet acquainted with. Dad had never enjoyed crowds, but tolerated them for Mom's sake. After she died, he was very quick to say, "I am done now. Goodnight." and leave. Abruptly. And I think that is how he ended his life, as well.
If any of you who read my blog would like the award, it's yours as long as you follow the rules.
Some of the reasons the give for sending poop are: a gag, or a gift for someone who has everything.
It's official, I'm addicted to Pinterest. What an amazing idea. I just "applied" for my "invitation" and I'm waiting impatiently. I want to have my very own board when I can "pin" photos that inspire me.
What are we doing to ourselves when we watch a movie like Redneck Zombies or Zombie Lake, where zombies aren't only featured - they're the message? It's like our zombie movie for today, Zombie 4: After Death, where we are presented with an action-adventure movie that just happens to have zombies as the bad guys. It's as if you were watching Die Hard, only Hans Gruber and all those German terrorists were replaced with flesh eaters.
In spite of the glasnost in relations between formerly belligerent co-riparians, moving from relations characterized by political conflict to new forms of cooperation required significant institutional development. It was not sufficient that the countries were now in a position to develop institutional cooperation; they required external assistance in order to facilitate this process. In 1997, the Nile Ministers requested that the World Bank establish a fundraising group for cooperative projects on the Nile. The Nile Basin Initiative that developed out of this request represented a re-emergence of the earlier NRBAP. It now forms the most important basin-level approach to cooperative development of the Nile waters ever undertaken, and its significance extends well beyond the basin itself.
Politicians in Perak must also be aware that they are subject to the people’s will. And it is almost certain the BN reps will feel the full wrath of Perak’s voters during the next election. The small tactical advantage gained by overthrowing Perak’s elected government is likely to increase the anger of voters nationwide, against such abuses of power, and lead to huge strategic losses for BN in the next election.
Thank those people in your life who make it all work right today!
When we got back to the hotel, we got ready for dinner and went to the Jamaican Bobsled Cafe. Ever seen the movie Cool Runnings? It's a true story about a Jamaican bobsled team. This restaurant always has the movie playing and is great for tourists like us!
After an embarrassing performance at a Basketball game, Lina calls for back up and takes the Sea Lions to an impromptu flavour school to work on their movements. She later meets Evan waiting for her there, and Victor, Gloria’s boyfriend, befriends him.
The 17th installment in our monthly Poet Trading Card Series features this phenomenal Philadelphia writer at his very best as he commemorates, in verse, one of America's most beloved heroes: Elvis Presley.
Rod started off as a harmonica playing fan of The Rolling Stones in the early ’60s when they were churning out souped-up Rhythm and Blues before he became known as the fashionably dressing “Rod the Mod” around 1965. Rock music was the ticket out of working class London for a lot of British youths, and with his distinctively raspy vocals, Stewart had plenty of people clamoring to play with him. After stints with Long John Baldry and singing lead with The Jeff Beck Group, he wound up joining the ashes of The Small Faces in a new band called—The Faces. This period from 1969 to 1974 was when Stewart made his mark as an outstanding vocalist and song writer, crafting such classics as “Gasoline Alley,” “Maggie May,” “Mandolin Wind,” and “You Wear it Well.” When David Bowie was in full flower as an androgynous looking Alien in 1973, Rod happily put on his own shiny, satin Glam-rocker outfits and wore as much makeup as any female who paid to see him.
A Marine travels to Louisiana after serving three tours in Iraq and searches for the unknown woman he believes was his good luck charm during the war.
In actuality, the truth is something different and the answer is far from black and white. A number of organizations, groups and individuals disagree with some of the pronouncements of NOAA. They may question their methods of scientific assessment, alleging that NOAA is relying on "out-dated science." For example, NOAA conducts trawl surveys to help ascertain the biomass of different fish species. But within the last ten years, these surveys have come under fire, most notably in the Trawlgate episode where NOAA admitted that some of their assessments had been incorrect due to problems with the equipment they were using.
Wine- (Red) used to sip on with four words through the meal. "The four cups", Thanksgiving, Telling, Blessing, and Righteousness.
What larks this year's Pigs Ear Festival brought- all cushioned with an amazing selection of winter warming porters, stouts and strong ales and sponsored by the lovely Brodies.
Almond Milk warmed with cinnamon
I found it curious that in no instance did anyone talk about ‘responsible tourism’ – fodder for another discussion!
encourage us to nap at 55.
These photos certainly do not do Margaret Elmes’ paintings justice so I would invite you all down to the shop this weekend to view them in person There also silk painting and pastels!
it has come out bigger than usual, so I haven't really put much of a border on.
He fought his own battle with addiction. It seems that sometimes reality is too harsh for a fragile soul to bear. He applied the drug of choice to the pain of living in a confusing world. I believe it is called "Self Medicating", with tongue in cheek. It is not funny, particularly to the ones going through it. Families are destroyed, lives are destroyed, and it often feels like nothing can be done. In truth, nothing can be ... except by the person who is self medicating.
In a blender or food processor, puree avocados and lemon juice till smooth. Add sweetened condensed milk and milk. Set aside.
Once again, congratulations, and may God bless your home and family. We hope you'll continue writing and reading poetry. Today there are many option for publishing your poetry, and we appreciate that your considering Eber & Wein.
(you know what's coming, don't you?)
For several months now, a coalition of thousands of players have been planning the “Burn Jita” event, aimed at disrupting the biggest trade hub in game in order to wreak some terrific, universe-wide changes by shaking the very pillars of EVE’s economy at its metaphorical heart. Surely there was some sort of larger, meta-economic objective that likely would cause them great profit. This planning happened both in game and outside of game, via voice over IP chat, secret forums, Twitter and more. A sci-fi plot of the new information age if there ever was one.
sinless saviour
Tears and joy.
The Eiseman Writers Award celebrates writers from western New York who have been published during the previous two calendar years and comes with a $1,000 prize.
Yuri Gagarin
Rating: Rated PG-13 for violence and disturbing images, thematic material and some language including sexual references.
will never be stricken with panic.” (Isaiah 28:16, II Peter 2:6 NIV)
First time I failed to donate … boo hoo to me!
There is an infinite number of these designs that symbolize daily life in the Queyras (suns, rosettes, daisies, the line of the eye….). This knowledge is passed down from generation to generation. These wood carvings decorate most of the local furniture and domestic utensils. The people of the Queyras first developed a taste for this sort of art back in the sixteenth century with a revival in the eighteenth century. However, it was really only in the 20th century that the art of wood craft was truly revived here.”
We have been eating lettuce from our garden now for about 2 months. I paid about $4 for heirloom lettuce seeds. That is the price that I would have paid for one box of spinach from Sam's which would have lasted one week. We will be eating tomatoes, cucumbers, peas, squash and much more from our garden this summer. It has taken a good bit of work, but we count that as character training!! For us and the children!
Amid all of this, they’ve also lost their baked beans. Despite the city’s moniker as “bean town,” and the proliferation of comfort-food joints, gastro-pubs and heritage cooking, Boston-style baked beans have become woefully under-represented here. Durgin Park is recommended on a few sites, and Citizen Public House serves them with one entrée, but overall it seems local eateries are more keen on polenta and poutine than the humble bean. Why are local chefs ignoring one of the area’s greatest culinary traditions?
a.) the individual words that make up the nice chords pattern, which includes their pronounciation as well as their spelling, not the input.
I am still doing the great debate on wallpaper for my focus wall.
Romero’s first official sequel of the world he would continue to revisit (and still revisits) is Dawn of the Dead, made almost a decade after the original film. This is a film that I saw first via osmosis. Back in the early days of video rental, my brother Tom would get this at least twice a year and sit in our den, watching it and rooting for the zombies. In particular, Tom had a fondness for Roger, and would always cheer for him.
Then there's the various extravagant “healing” claims. In general I take an even dimmer view of them. A shaman is someone who comes from a vigorous tradition, has traveled in other worlds, taken genuine psychic and physical risks, usually blown a fuse or two with hallucinogens. He's not some middle-class suburban kid who's read a Ravenstar book, chewed a little peyote, taken a weekend workshop in Polarity, and changed his name to Wolf.
I heard of this song recently too, A Christmas Carol, about a little girl who responds to Santa's question of what she wants with "all I want is someone to take me home". That's what those kids would ask for if they got the chance, and for those here not getting presents in time: It's not the end of the world. You'll get them eventually, but there are some kids who will not ever get anything like that. We've got so many blessings we take for granted, and while I am certainly not perfect either, it's definitely something important to think about.
p.s. Merry Christmas, y'all. I won't be writing again before the 25th on account of celebrating with the Captain's family and most likely getting drunk again. A lot. A whole lot.
Accessories: wide striped ribbon, silver pearls, glossy accents
Set an example
1) The two Seals are Egyptian and Luciferian
When the prophets spoke it was not their own fabrications. In Isaiah 1:24, “Therefore saith the Lord, the Lord of hosts, the mighty one of Israel, Ah, I will ease me of mine adversaries.” If those were merely Isaiah’s words they would be of no authority and there would be no truth in them.
In “Ice Ice Baby”, Clark tackles one of mystery’s oldest tropes when the P.I. stumbles on a dead girl in the bathroom of his favorite bar. By now I found it totally believable that Ethan would poke at the stab wound on a half-frozen corpse. Oh, Ethan.
This whole perception is not helped by the fact that if you "google" Nudism or Naturism you pick up a lot of porn sites.
OK... time to run. Just wanted to share. Special thanks to my son who encouraged me to have some Easter decorations. As you can see from the pictures, I don't even have any of those crazy cheap plastic eggs in my house. I guess I better hit the dollar store and stock up on some.
2011-03-13 10:00
You know how busy it gets this time of year, but we all plan to be together once again at your house. You may not physically be there, but you will be there. Your example, your jovial and sometimes feisty spirit, and your love will always be with us! Instead of the 5 of us, plus Mammy and Pappy ~ like it was every year for many years, there will be 25 of us and 3 babies on the way. What a blessed heritage you gave to each of us … yes, you will be there. Make that 26.
Now, my heart has been longing for green, rolling hills, old houses, flowering gardens, narrow back roads, and Kent. Well, yesterday and today my desire was satisfied! Today, when we left the caravan we drove along the coast. English houses trimmed with flowing gardens abounded. Fields full of sheep ran along the road as well. We reached several towns and they are so quaint and full of character! Brick and stone buildings with window boxes full of flowers! Decorative edging around the doorways. Beautiful, old windows! Oh, take away the cars and replace the roads and you could be transported back two or three hundred years (and trust me, I would LOVE that)! Uncle Gavin and I took the dog for a walk through the park along the river. Positively picturesque or book like! Do you know the pictures that have someone sitting along some European river on a low wall fishing? YES! That! With two swans and six cygnets (swan babies). There were also three or four ducks! Yes, the dog wanted to chase them. Oh, in the grass are little daisy-like flowers...but they are very low to the grass! So beautiful! In the distance, just past the beautiful, English houses were the green, rolling hills!!! *Ready? Set... Imagine!*
We got there a bit late in the day and some of the buildings were already casting shadows down to the water. So we ended up picking a shorter building that would be easier to measure. We found a nice little historic look-out tower.
- 'Meow' pink ribbon from stash - bought from Hobbycraft, or my local haberdashery store - no flouncy bow as said friend isn't into bows that much
Two evenings a week during term-time I work from 7-10pm. The money isn't just handy, it's pretty much essential.
Mary B and Mary K
One of the larger British brands in terms of bottled beer, it is extremely apt that they should be named after Britain's largest native carnivore - because one look at these beauties gets me all bloodthirsty and ravenous!
Writing in Monday’s MyNorthwest.com, Josh Kerns reports
I return to the landscape teasing me. I tire not from gazing out. I tire not from the unchanging terrain. In the seeming monotony of the landscape I merely see the beauty of the vastness that time repeats as a function of distance. I could keep looking on for ever, and ever.
We innocently laughed at anyone mistaking us for such a thing, and especially for two people in the latter part of the morning for making the same mistake. Boy, grown-ups don’t know much.
Which makes it very darn beautiful indeed!
every impulse of light exploding
One was too babyish and another was a bit too old and had a long beard - he eventually became Hamish’s grandad Rory McHaggis.
Yelling and crying my way through, I made it to the table to set down the plates, made it to the telephone, and ran into the living room to call my boyfriend. Tears and snot streaming down my face, trying to catch my breath, I told him that my brother, the asshole, had just hit me in the head.
As she grew older, Mary retreated from the world by visiting the Convent of the Visitations near Paris. After her son was made to leave France following the Treaty of Utrecht in 1711, she remained at the convent permanently. She died of cancer in May 1718, fondly remembered by her many friends in France.
Here in France les cloches de Pâcques (the church bells) deliver the Easter eggs. On Easter Thursday all the bells fly away to the Vatican carrying with them the pain of those who mourn for Jesus' death. They return on Easter Sunday bringing eggs in celebration of the Resurrection. Accordingly, across France all church bells are silent from Thursday until Sunday morning.
The other night I was tucking Zach in bed for the night. For the record, it had been 113 that day so it was pretty warm in our house. This is how the conversation went...
Remember this?
I worked with two strands of yarn held together and a 6mm hook to make it grow more quickly ( this is a large item )
An attorney filed an RCE, and canceled all of the 30-some claims except for
“I was going to kill her family last, you know,” the shapeshifter says casually. “I think I like it better this way.”
The Aquarian energy of 2009 encourages you to weave new dreams into peoples' lives, and to help them feel at home in the world. Success grows as you exemplify your visions, attracting people who appreciate your compassion to raise their consciousness to a new level. In your service to help others realize deeper realities, you become more aware and sensitive to your own connection to the powers that be.
AT YOU SPICA - OLIVE 07
Following are excerpts from a sermon delivered by Islamic scholar Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Qatar TV on December 11, 2009.
card making and hybrid scrapbooking supplies!"
Arnold J, in another well-reasoned, highly organised judgment that can conveniently be turned into a pre-litigation check-list, rejected Frito-Lay's applications to set aside Innovia's permissions or to stay the proceedings. In his view:
In addition to the the installation of a new Soundcraft modular broadcast mixing console and two Tascam CD players, all existing studio equipment was removed, cleaned, serviced and reinstalled within a four-day period. Furthermore, customized wiring looms and system interconnects were fabricated and installed. After a smooth switchover from their back up studio, the new system has been met with enthusiasm from the many presenters who have struggled along with the old equipment for so long.
They have a word suayan (soo-WHY-ahn) which means “fork in the road,” i.e. a place to turn (er… take from the) left or right. The basic root of suayan is suey (pronounced something like soo-UHy). However, neither suey nor suayan mean to turn, nor do they have any meaning of right or left. They simply refer to the split where the choice is made to go right or left.
“Who’s car is that?” he asked.
Good strong hops taste and kinda gritty on the tongue. Crisp, cool, high carbonation. Similar to Pilsner Urquell with all those saaz hops. Managed to forget to put down a rating.
o Competing responses – This behavior management tool could be used to diffuse responses likely to trigger conflict. An example is training oneself to say “Let me think about it” with a neutral tone every time you are inclined to respond cynically to a co-worker. Installing this competitive response will convert the anxiety previously driving the self destructive response to an insignificant one
There are 5 steps in this process, which we call the 5 A’s:
If you really don’t want to pay extra to protect the device, there is always the sammidge bag solution. However I was consuming two sammidge bags a month which would have equated to the cost of one Garmin silicone case in less than a year. The price you pay for living in the rainiest part of the UK…
Tryndamere: Good. Throw it out.
The doctoring of the BBC’s report would appear to show just how biased and subservient Astro is to UMNO’s political agenda.
If you work full time and blog, please, feel free to give me any tips that make it work for you. I'll take advice from any of you on how you manage your time so that the different areas of your life don't suffer. Do tell.
Recently in the UK smaller measures have been forced into the limelight, no better example is BrewDog's standard 330ml bottles for all the beers they produce apart from the Abstrakt range. We have Evin at The Kernel releasing his 6% plus beers also in 330ml format, this size bottle is far from the norm in the UK, in the UK craft brewing scene the 500ml bottle still rules the roost. However, due to the huge popularity of BrewDog's 330ml revolution I believe we will shortly see more & more UK craft brewers adopt 330ml bottles to showcase their wares in.
Inception Blu Ray
David Cameron should impose significant increases in taxes on beer, wine and spirits if elected prime minister, according to the man charged with leading Conservative social policy.
the RT con had a full workshop track devoted to e-publishing. I was excited about the prospect of learning new techniques and possibly figuring out new ways of thinking about digital publishing and marketing. Names I recognized and folk I’ve interacted with occasionally were hosting some of the workshops: Mark Coker, Joe Konrath, Blake Crouch and Bob Mayer. Those of you who know me will know that I am far from a fangirl when it comes to these gentlemen, but while I don’t agree with everything they preach, I’m smart enough to know something is working in their favor and to be open to acquiring and/or modifying new strategies for my own work and for helping Steel Magnolia Press. There was also a panel on how to manage a backlist, something Jennifer Blake and I will be looking at closely since she’s recently had 36 titles whose digital rights have been reverted, that I was excited about. I put myself in eager receptor mode and … was sadly disappointed.
2. HST (Half Square Triangles), Hex's, Drunker's paths pieces, and any other shapes that I have cut with my Studio and Go cutter.
Baking
And of course crime is not always race based. The police do not seem to care about anybody regardless of race and black South Africans are subject to all sorts of violent crime and the same violent indifference by the police. What changes the factors in Huntley’s story is that he felt he was targeted because he was white. This is probably true as many people keep pointing out that whites are still the largely in economically dominant positions. The perception that Huntley would be a worthwhile target is probably based on his race even as it was probably incorrect.
I was happy, but the fact that Lagunitas beers are just about everywhere these days made me a bit suspicious that I hadn't seen the Imperial Red anywhere else in the Metro.
The pace of immigration picked up when Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong assumed office in 2003 and all of sudden the floodgates are opened to accept foreigners from all over the world especially China and India where the majority of the newcomers hail from.
the art is nice and noah has a hilarious personality so read this is you want to read a funny shoujo
When countries rely on some form of superior organization (Napoleonic Empire) or technology (Britain), at least some rivals will be able to copy the methods. And copying is easier than creating.
Which it was. At 1:00 in the morning. And was a little bit messy. Not good.
** We were to learn later that the tourist season in Sóller hadn’t started yet. We were told that only two hotels were open in Sóller. Our hotel had opened early for the season, with us staying during the first open weekend.
Thinking about why I eat and when I eat, I am becoming more aware of my patterns. Take today for instance. I woke up and had to get someplace and found I was falling back into my old habits… “let’s just grab something out” = poor choices, even with the best intent. I almost did the same thing at lunch time but resisted and came home and fixed myself a fruit plate with some carrots and cheese. I feel so much better with that choice… and I was FULL and SATISFIED! That led to better choices at dinner too… I see a pattern emerging here.
According to the report, although CAL is the main airline with the highest debt, other airlines such as LIAT, Continental Airlines, Virgin Atlantic Airlines and Redjet are also in debt.
As usual the 40 pieces selected from 40 artists will be from a range of 'established and emerging illustrators, designers and street artists', in editions of 40 and sold for £40!
As mobile phones became the 'must have' electronic for people on the go, phone booths slowly became outdated, ignored, and eventually removed, all but disappearing from a landscape where they were once a common sight. This little piece of history sits in a neighboring town, phone intact, still in working order.
An inner-city clubhouse surrounded by poverty, abuse, gangs; darkness.
I stole a mannequin from the mall.
On the day it became known that Bert Jansch had died, Robert Peston, the BBC's business editor, mentioned on Radio Four's PM programme that he'd seen Jansch play, that he'd been to the gig with his wife and that he was a bit of a folkie on the quiet.
The presents have been given from the Angel Tree program, senior centers received their gifts, emergency cases were filled and hundreds of turkeys and hams and toiletry boxes were handed out as well (from Feed the Children).
So the one lady picked out this piece, and her friend purchased it! Love that idea!
I worry for women coming of age right now. Our reproductive rights are being curtailed in so many ways. I wonder why? Rush Limbaugh should be hospitalized, he is a very sick man. What is up with the men in Virginia and elsewhere who want women to have ultrasounds before abortion, and the Republican senators who did not allow women to testify about birth control - just men? Their behavior is hateful. It would be a very scary time to come of age.
Sure, you could argue that this is progressive for Syria or the Middle East and maybe it is in some ways, but (a) Syria is highly unrepresentative of the Islamic Middle East, (b) the film was unrepresentative of Syria, and (c) the film was definitely being sold as a reflection of Islam as a whole, not just Islam as it is practiced in the region, and it just serves to reinforce the stereotype of Islam being behind the times. Our very existence in Southeast Asia counters this. And while the heart of the Islamic world lies in the Middle East, you can’t brush us off because we matter: Indonesia alone is the world’s largest Muslim country.
9. Bella's heartbreak and numbness in New Moon reflects a feeling most of us have had at one time or another.
These figures have probably multiplied since I originally received this, but nevertheless,
A child’s bedroom dominated by the color pink. A single bed lines up one side of the wall. Next to it, a small desk, on which sits a pile of textbooks and scattered hand-written papers. A single pencil and an eraser with dark, rounded edges lie abandoned on top of a half-filled paper.
And now I see you walk away
When my parent's marriage ended, it broke me. Things like that hit all of us differently, but for me, it was this nearly fatal blow that took me out for years. I was angry with God and I was angry with my parents. I had no clue how I would ever find healing in that place or even be able to stop asking "why?"
Around the blogosphere I went today and saw lots of posts on the new word verification.
I am preparing myself to set about the first chapter of the WIP, again. It’s all stretch and show; winkle out the details, get the focus right, present the hook, cut the back-story (done that), paint the MC with panache and don’t make her hateful, yet.
Stephen & Brooksyne Weber
MW: Yeah with Lewis I could get him. It was good to pick him off reasonably quick. It is always difficult when DRS zones have damp areas on the way in but managed to get him. That tyre did a lot so we had to get the tyre to the end. Coming to the end of the race I caught Seb but couldn’t do enough to pass him.
Live and learn from fools and
But now that I'm old and wise and have a good DVD player, am divorced, and more tolerant of my naturalistic German side, I'm perhaps better equipped to recognize my own issues tainting the clarity of Herzog's hallucinatory nature-phobic naturalism. I am growing up/into appreciating his mix of German sturm und drang and lysergi-bucolic mysticism and how his willingness to let an eye for artistic composition and high strangeness turn his narrative into a static panorama. I can't help but admire and love Herzog's willingness to heedlessly plummet into the void of insanity alongside any character who happens to be going that way, rather than hanging around on the precipice making excuses like Barbet Schroeder, even if the result is sometimes the same. Newly minted in my admiration, I went into MY SON MY SON, WHAT HAVE YE DONE (2009) with open arms... and came out emptied.
Mix flour, baking soda and salt in a bowl and set aside.
and melt into this lake
Not the best pic of my son....but we interupted his fun on the water slide so that we could have cake!!! Lol!
Mrs.Clinton could use Obama’s lack of experience against him, she could use his character and even his smoking but never under any circumstances could she use his race. To do so would end her career.
We love the Philly Zoo. There are many exhibits indoors, and many out. The monkey house is fantastic, as well as the indoor play area for members. One of the things I think the kids enjoy most is climbing on the statues. We took some friends today, and that's what they spent the majority of their time doing, and loved it!
I’m excited and my mental wheels are smokin’!
I was blond
When my title came out of my mind I said...where in the world did that come from? Fall is not my favorite season. So to think of seven things is definitely going to be a challenge. First I'll share my card and that brings #7 of my "likes"...I love fall colors. I don't know about you but we get thru with Halloween straight to Christmas. Where do we drop fall off. My card is a rich brown with an even richer strip of red that matches my leaf. I added a light orange and white to display my digi stamp and my Harvest felt sticker. I love this little card.
The critics who attack Del Rey for her 'makeover' from her old Lizzie Grant self show in their hostility just how effective the Del Rey persona is as an anima for our modern era. She is the Marlene Dietrich of her time, and we should remember that Marlene too had a make-over upon coming to Hollywood -- losing 30 pounds and her back molars, among other modifications. There's not a single Hollywood star, I'm fairly sure, who is 100% 'real' according to these detractors' definition. So it speaks to the raw archetypal sore spot Rey's poked that so many critics feel they must attack her, while others, like me, feel they need to defend her. When you become a pop culture archetype it's not even 'about' whether you're 'real' or not; if someone tells you they had a dream about a witch would you say, "bro, that witch is totally fake"? Of course not. What's important is that Del Rey is the anima of 2012 - the amnesiac succubus; the Diane Selwyn of Mulholland Dr. 2012 - "this is the girl. Her seemingly augmented visage is like if Madeline / Novak had plastic surgery to resemble the portrait of Carlotta Veldez.... or
Define a Pack Order
To whistle that the line had passed ….
I’ll eat myself if you can find
YAY!
"I don't wanna die!" yells Penny.
3. Spread mayo on other slice of bread top with bacon, sliced tomato, and lettuce
look back on and remember. I do take those types
The experienced Jongleur may throw multiple objects (including thrown weapons) per round. This ability improves with level advancement:
“Mrs. Archer is on line one. Punky has gas again.”
If Obama is unable to lead his own party when it had a lock on political power in Congress, his ability to do so for the rest of the nation is indeed in question and Navorro-Valls noted that “reality is relentless when we come down from the blue sky of promises to the vulgar world of facts, so the gap between what was offered and the reality concerns the electorate.”
This framed piece of burlap can easily be transformed into just about anything.
When DJ stepped inside and closed the door behind him, Cinnamon lunged, swiping at a denim clad ankle. With an oath DJ jumped, his back slammed against the door, clattering it shut. Instinctively he reached for a sidearm that wasn’t there anymore.
She discussed everything from health care to domestic violence. She discussed the isms: racism, genderism, classism. And how we created them, so we can defeat them.
According to the teachings of Islam, the people of Pakistan were peaceful and moderate and desired a secure world, he said.
Last week I posted a picture of the rose above, Chicago Peace, on my photo blog. In that post I mentioned that we also had Peace, which is probably the most popular rose of all time. I also briefly described the differences between the two roses.
Satya Sarada Kandula
Do you remember when I took you fishing? The only time I took you fishing? I caught the ‘big one’ and you made me let it go. I didn’t mind really, although I acted like you were ripping my heart out. What killed me though was when you refused to even take a picture for me. You told me that it was a living creature and I had no right to brag about capturing it. You said I had to simply keep it in a memory. We argued and you refused to budge. You looked at me and said ‘Luke Montgomery, you bragging about catching this fish is just like you bragging about catching me! It’s a living creature. You shouldn’t brag about catching a girl OR a fish.’
I have lost the other part of my heart.
**do NOT use regular water or diet drinks
And speaking of reputation, any ill will I feel towards the show is compounded by my feelings at the outset. I genuinely wanted to like Ringer, if for no other reason than Sarah-Michelle Gellar was getting back into the TV game. But the show squandered her acting skills with roughshod characterisations and no sense of internal logic, and now I can barely handle one SMG, never mind two.
Wonderstruck is the story (or stories) of two children set fifty years apart-a girl in 1927 and a boy in 1977. The girl’s story is told entirely in drawings, and the boy’s in text. Having read the first part of the book there appears to be an interesting relationship between the two stories. The drawings once again fill the page, and have a cinematic quality: using close-up, panorama, tracking and point of view. There is an attractive quality to the drawings; a strong outline and bold tonal technique used most effectively. creating rounded and textured forms, and a strong linear quality.
The main challenge in terms of their photography is trying to find a bird that is a bit atypical and not too high up in a tree and using low bush or trees to forage and sing from. Like many warblers once they have established their territory they will often use the same set of song perches to sing from to attract a mate. Like the bird's appearance, the song is not the most exciting and sounds exactly like their name. However, it conveys the apparent unstoppable energy of the birds and often is sung relentlessly for very prolonged periods.
When I from France set foot at Ravenspurgh,
Same goes if I’m dressed in a suit with my coffee (slash hot chocolate, because I don’t drink coffee) in one hand and my phone in the other and I’m rushing down the street because I’m late for a meeting – I’M BUSY MOTHERFUCKER!! Do not step into my path and try and stop me, because I’m going to tell you to move, or alternatively kick you out of my way.
With the lipstick summer glaze!
My Husby walked across the room and whipped the curtains back.
But what do I know?
He doesn’t go over all of these issues but this is what we need to make this election, and every election at every level about:
Two silhouettes on the shade
The Egyptian Bloc, a list of liberal parties dominated by the left-leaning Social Democrat Party and the pro-market Free Egyptians Party, appeared to be in third place. Official early results are expected to be announced on Thursday, the High Elections Commission said.
“It’s shameful that people living within 2km can stop a proposed wind turbine but they can’t do anything about a coal mine proposal outside their front door.
I had company over for dinner last night. People that I like very much, and wanted to impress.
Evolves with baby to big-kid size
As we see, the Republicans and the Tea Party continue their open war on the people, without interruption. And they aren't even sorry for attempting to destroy the world.
Here is what I have on the menu plan for this week:
If you are lucky enough to obtain all of the above in the first 5 months after arriving in the UK, you are three steps closer to start teaching, but you’re not there yet.
In July 1968, he gave notice that he intended to resign from the Army at the end of the year. This was not the customary 7 months’ notice required of senior officers, but was accepted accepted with effect 1 October 1968.
Saturday I got up and checked in at the convention. Thanks to the pre-reg, it was an easy walk in, wait in line for a few minutes, snag my badge and goodies, then walk out and join the convention. I feel sorry for the poor sods who decided that they were able to attend at the last minute. Long lines, watching everyone else go have fun. First stop after the badge? Wil Wheaton’s 90 minute Awesome Hour. Yeah, it was too awesome for a plain 60 minute standard.
Judy and Dick were living in Los Angeles for the
I picked Nancy K's brain so much yesterday I left little red marks. If you've ever scanned the Pattern Review message boards or read her popular blog Nancy K Sews, you've seen Nancy in action. Nancy has great taste and knows her stuff. Nancy's recommendations for cotton shirting include Fabric Mart, Michael's Fabrics, and Philip Boyne on Long Island.
at our home,
As we close out 2011, we're looking for relationship resolution and are doing our best to make peace with relationships past and present. Progress needs to be made in and through current relationships to put us in good position for what's up ahead, and as clean a slate as possible is needed for Saturn in Scorpio. This Venus-Saturn mutual reception keeps us sober, serious, grown-up, and pragmatic as we make big strides toward that and is especially good for the progress of women (and the feminine influence, in general) in business.
Take something you feel you desire/need in your life. Lets take something as mundane as a new car. Now drop every detail from this desire. No car design, no color, no tires, no details at all.
"Apres moi le deluge”, “After me, the flood” and though attributed to the French King Louis XV, historians believe it was actually said by Jeanne Poisson, Madame de Pompadour. The last members of the monarchy spent France into the poorhouse until they had their heads separated from their bodies via the guillotine.
My mind raced. In my stories, the House of the Spirits covers a cavern inhabited by greedy, foul-mouthed warrior mermaids. How could my mermaids survive? Would they too pop out of the ice like grape pips? No, I realized, they would have to swim away from Venice. But where would they go?
I listened to a panel of authors talking about Special Operations heroes because I figured I needed to know what people write about. Cherry Adair, who is quite wonderful, seemed to be quite concerned about those men’s sperm. Enough said.
It was after this leadership retreat that I began to see the importance of bringing leadership together, away from the church. Leadership retreats serve many purposes but in my view they serve to bring leadership together to make great decisions on behalf of the ministry of the church. Some how when we are away from “life” and the “life of ministry” we begin to let our guard down, we are more able to step out into faith, and we are able to focus on the ministry of the church. It also brings the team together.
Dinner was fondue, whether they wanted it or not. They, like myself once, were polite but possibly not that enthralled by the idea of eating a badly-done memory from the 1970s when it was suggested to them – that is, until they tried it. Instant adoration ensued with every single drop of melted cheese disappearing quicker than the ears of an unwrapped Easter bunny. It must be the combination of the homeland, the right cheeses (Emmental and Gruyere) and the atmosphere of Geneva’s oldest restaurant (try 400 years) that wins everyone over. Even celebrities and diplomats eat there – old, mismatched plates and plain furniture but the right mixture of ingredients and location. Being attended to by the, frankly, gorgeous Remy the waiter who makes Brad Pitt look like a hog with halitosis was another plus.
Replace the brown sugar with granulated sugar if you don't have the latter.
I have to say, I feel better today than I have in quite awhile.
If the crossfader is in the center position, tracks assigned to "A" and "B" will be mixed equally.
RN: “But you said you were coming up for air.”
a violent skyscraper of lack
...found that more than twice as many people find it more enjoyable drinking in a pub than drinking at home.
Bob Carlos Clarke was always interested in the way that fashion influences society’s perception of beauty, which led him to photograph eccentric and extraordinary people who conformed less to the ‘accepted’.
I call it the Cavalcade Of Dead Stars. The Academy calls it In Memoriam.
On a personal level, the respected professional who has spent his/her adult life being a somber individual will not somehow retrieve, from his/her career advancement, a replacement for the many years in which s/he virtually never experienced the intense laughter of those who are free to laugh. Indeed, due to skewed values, such a person can (in some professions, often does) make life worse for those who do laugh. Similarly, the person who has devoted him/herself to the accumulation and protection of personal security and comfort has missed the opportunity to experience a giving life — measured not in the dollar amount of donations that may impress others, but rather in terms of the experience of actual self-denial for the sake of a stranger in need.
We are awful; He is Amazing
A 3rd painting is on the way... this is part of a trilogy that I am painting for myself & my Husband. I have 3 simple black frames awaiting them :)
Keep you all posted.
* * * Somebody said a mother can stop worrying after her child gets
“Memory is like a spiderweb that catches new information. The more it catches, the bigger it grows. And the bigger it grows, the more it catches.”
- Football jerseys.
Next was Mermaids where we enjoyed sipping on two different types of signature cocktails - the Porch Punch & Mermaid Punch. Both were delicious and unique! Definitely made me want to lounge around on a beach somewhere with one of those in hand! We were also served a small plate of 3 different appetizer-type dishes: prosciutto-wrapped prawn, slice of local beef, and a cucumber-wrapped slice of ahi tuna with a wasabi sauce. All three of which were mighty tasty!
I finished work at 6:30am. I got into my car and drove to my parents house, usually arriving at around 7 or 7:15am. I’d leave my car at my parent’s house and poor Dad (who, fortunately, was usually an early riser anyway) would drive me to the train station.
Republicans, in typical “do anything to win” fashion, decided that they had to pander to the extreme tea party wing of their party, and as a result, the whole party shifted further to the right – both with regard to fiscal and social policy.
Ironically, if I had to describe the Summer of 1981 with one word it would be laughter. We laughed every day, all day. We made up our own language, we went to the mall specifically to laugh at the people. We listened to Bill Cosby's "Noah" album until every word was memorized. We told each other stories and we would fall out in fits of hysterical laughter constantly.
This could create a huge opportunity for home monitoring or at the pharmacy monitoring. Many of the medications proposed by the FDA for BTC status have been proven to be safe through several years of post-marketing surveillance. Pharmacists are trained with knowledge to triage many health conditions and with the appropriate information can propose the appropriate treatment for many chronic health conditions. This would be a monumental shift in our health care system and redefine the roles of several health care professionals. Pharmacists would continue their progression from being only a dispenser of medications to a health care professional engaged in medication therapy management. A seemingly endless number of studies have proven the value of pharmacists in lower health care costs and improving outcomes.
the same, bedside in rooms lost
What do you say friends?
For artisan distillers, this is the key event of the year, and this year, it’s all about brandy. This will include all sorts of eaux de vie, and all types of miraculous flavors. The most surprising spirits I’ve had over the last few years have been brandies, or close to it, like the Gewürztraminer Grappa made in Petaluma at Stillwater Distillery. St. George, themselves, make a fabulous line of brandies, both aged and unaged.
Best moment this week: I don't know about "best," but feeling my first Braxton Hicks contraction was quite interesting.
The pain that is coused here is too unbearable. something must be done about it. my heart bleeds for this family- wich will have a heavy future. May god protect us from those Unhuman Living things wich act worse then animals.
What was the point of my reference? Simple; people never see how much gays and lesbians go through daily just because of their alternative orientation. In recent history, lots of homosexuals have actually committed suicide because they felt I was the only way out; and the spineless cowards who pushed this don’t even care, and in fact in the end; are actually glad the person was gone. They respect us straight people, so why can’t we show the same?
"Good boy".
* Holiday ? Halloween....I love costume parties.
He has a very creative, inventive mind. Each week I would sit beside him, finding him things and talking a bit. Slowly he started to relate more to me and slowly we started to have more of a connection. I know he loves coming here, but what I am working on is attachment repair and empathy building and it is slow careful work. As his therapist I am not trying to be the mother he didn’t have, but I am trying to help him open up to experience some of the feelings that most children have in their childhood experience with a caring parent; trust, safety, care and empathy. He is changing. Before he often acted like I wasn’t there and he had a strong ability to dissociate or tune out. Now when he makes himself a smoothie he asks if I want some. This is a large step. Small changes mean big shifts in the work that I do. When he comes in the door, instead of looking at the art table to see what goodies I have, he looks for me. His eyes light when he sees me and he talks to me. This never happened in the first six months.
"One day, when Russ had left late for work, he left his hairbrush in the bathroom instead of putting it away in the top drawer of his nightstand. When I went to the bedroom to put it away, I noticed eight or ten magazines... under his Bible, ironically. I made the mistake of glancing at them, and was quite shocked."
Prime Minister Harper has come outright and said that he would not support the motion. Also the Conservative whip Gordon O’Connor stated that it should be rejected. Mr O’Conner stated that despite Woodworth’s claims, the motion is intended to lead to a change in Canada’s abortion laws.
Still to come, Sting Vs Ric Flair…one more time.
This year's trip to Idlewild was bittersweet. Last year, we spent the majority of the time in the "kiddie" portion, with Dylan riding the smaller rides by himself. This year we didn't even go in that area. I think he rode just about every "big kid" ride he was allowed on... twice.
My friends have been really helpful and encouraging me. I do love them.
VV: Blogging gives me a daily routine of writing and editing, and researching and reading. It has given me new real life and e-mail friends who instantly get me (as I understand and appreciate them). It has given me employment in my field of expertise. Blogging has made me a happier, purposeful person.
Not, like, a girl girl. Just some black girl.
The cute little banners, the butterfly, Smile banner, and even the spinner are all chipboard! A little designer tip too, is to punch out shapes in the same patterned paper that you used, and pop them up for a cool 3D effect! Here is a close up:
Anyway - I digress.
That thing that's been lingering on your mind, burning in your heart.....that scary beautiful thing that you can't get out of your whole soul because it wants to be heard and acted upon........guess what lovely? It's not going to go away.
in order to finance this “fantastic life” of community college, ramen noodles and forties of king cobra (don’t judge, you were all there), i worked at noah’s bagels on irving street in the inner sunset. which meant, of course, that i ate bagels pretty much every day for about a year. as did my roommates. in fact, between us, we wanted for nothing. i worked at the bagel shop (as in, free breakfast and lunch), kristina worked at spinelli’s, which later became tully’s (free coffee) and ross worked at a beauty supply shop (free/discounted product and hair dye – a necessity in our home). to top it all off, my boyfriend at the time worked for escape from new york pizza, meaning not only free pizza (dinner!) but the best pizza in the world (it’s a fact. look it up.).
The Mohawk
XXVIII
L post more later. My computer is out of commission so I am doing this on my phone which is a pain. I promise an update is coming very soon.
11"H by 14"W, on panel.
Class of 2012,
This is one of my favorites... in addition to my Prince Charming stash, I also used a couple of fat quarters from Ruby. I heart Ruby! I'm seriously debating getting a fat quarter bundle from the whole line.
and now I am free
I think that is about it...for now. Other things always have a way of slipping in without me realizing it hah.
I now attract money effortlessly.
Jacquie x
It is understandable that some people want to feel like they are better than others or more loved by God than others, but that is an appeal to the human ego that is destructive to human spirituality. There is nothing more vile than the idea that God would condemn anyone to eternal damnation in hell for believing in the “wrong” dogmas. Such extreme punishment could only be justified if there was some empirical way to discover the truth in religion, thus making it beyond dispute. But if that was the case, it wouldn’t even be religion at all; it would be SCIENCE.
This Gucci 100% silk dress with back torsion and cut off effect, graphic side draping and emerald swarovski toggles with chain detail on waistband.
G-
Disclosure of Material Connection: I received this book free. I was not required to write a positive review. The opinions I have expressed are my own. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission’s 16 CFR, Part 255: “Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.”
Prayer, the sublimest strains that reach
“FHFA and the enterprises are committed to enhancing the short sales and deeds-in-lieu process as additional tools to prevent foreclosure, keep homes occupied and help maintain stable communities,” the agency’s acting director, Edward DeMarco, said in a statement. “These timeline and borrower communication announcements set minimum standards and provide clear expectations regarding these important foreclosure alternatives.”
On the topic of work, I am divided on the issue. I enjoy chatting with the lonely customers. I feel like I am providing them with a place for them to go to talk to another human. However, I find that I would like to be a writer or maybe even a pastor. I know that I’d take some Bible classes at a Seminary and some classes on writing too. Other times, I want to run as fast I can from working in retail. I hate when a customer treats me like crap. I hate when a customer complains about a 50 cent difference in a price. Then we go look at the tag and she ends up having misread the tag. (Please note that the item was on clearance at probably 75% off.) Is it really worth holding up a line to get fifty cents? I have had some refunds that were less than a dollar too. Why does a person return something for less than a dollar? I sometimes think that the time and paper is worth more than the refund. So, as you can see, I am divided on this issue. I could see working in a social service organization too. The money would be nice to pay for the taxi so that I could work whatever hours that they needed. It would be fulfilling at times to actually help people rather than sell cigarettes, alcohol and lottery tickets. These items don’t help anyone. But feeding the hungry, caring for the homeless, being with those who feel abandoned, crying with the mourning or hurting can help others.
b. Any other vertical of the E-commerce industry (travel, retail, etc.)
For the pentagon then, n (which stands for the number of sides or angles) = 5.
7. Words still have Meaning
Italo Calvino is one of those authors – like Graham Greene – whose works I devoured in my early twenties, and haven’t read much since. Calvino in fact has continued to publish new work regularly since his death in 1985, from the bran tub of unpublished and uncollected writings his relatives keep dipping into. I think it is safe to say that none of these will overturn the major works - If on a winter’s night a traveller, Invisible Cities, Cosmicomics, Marcovaldo, and so on. Then there is this book, which I recently remembered I didn’t finish first time around.
But be careful how you speak:
I don't want to go too into detail (everyone knows you aren't supposed to share too much online!), but I wanted to represent how I saw myself (the black and white part) and how other people could see me (the collage). I chose to use colour and put it in the center because the outside is what we see first, but it's also not very life like because it doesn't always show who we really are.
I will never ask you to suspend your healthy skepticism, except to point out that sometimes the eye roll reflex needs to be put on hold in order to consider new potential realities which, for once, actually work out good for us and bad for the scaly decepticon slave drivers.
The avoidance of Babel must begin, at the very least, with a change agent’s stated mission, values and philosophy. In this regard, the HPSA’s mission is stated as being to alleviate hunger, poverty and environmental degradation through education and training in sustainable animal production, raising public awareness. First, are these values enough? Some might raise the valid criticism that these values sound like clichés. However, it is the communities themselves that ought to decide. In line with Heifer’s mission, the host community is given space to decide and determine their need and develop a concrete plan for achieving their goals. But how big is this space? It seems that communities are asked, as families, to join together to define needs, set goals and participate in managing their projects as far as is possible. It is critical that, at the very beginning, a project such as HPSA develops a strategic, clear plan of action. Time is certainly important during this development of such a plan – so for up to three years staff, board and community members are all obliged to participate in this planning. This may define partnership. In this regard, Heifer works in productive partnership with civic groups, churches and individual donors.
Give me an arbor, give me the trellis’d grape,
2 tablespoon pickled cherry pepper, seeded and chopped
Weena – Anak, I will miss our breakfast talks and lunchtime walks. Mahal kita alam mo yan.
“Do you still have the checkbook?” he asked. “You could write yourself a check.”
petite pois with onions and tasso, lima beans,
The book is absolutely charming – sorry, I couldn’t resist. Fine’s storytelling is witty, complete with just the right amount of sarcasm and heart. She pulls you in to join her as she deals with friends, apartments, jobs, and rubbing elbows with real, genuine royalty. You laugh with her as she tells stories of society party adventures, such as when she shoves a pirate out a window at a costume party, and sympathize with her as her dreams teeter on the edge of a cliff – let’s just say that it’s hard to immigrate to the UK if you don’t want to have to marry some random guy or your gay friend. And if you’ve ever had crazy roommates, take solace in knowing that yours aren’t as insane as some of the people you read about in this book.
Giant
I love infographics. It’s the nerd in me. I’m cool with that. Today I saw the familiar triangle of Mazlow’s hierarchy of needs and it got me thinking how that translates to everything – even pole. So, I created one just for us!
In the last 10 months 40 extra caravans were granted planning permission by South Cambridgeshire District Council.
Or put it to good use helping, for example, to provide care for soldiers who have lost limbs and been horribly maimed serving this country in Afghanistan and Iraq. Read more>>
Luckily one of my best friends sent me a text to inform me otherwise I would have remained oblivious. Thank you very much to Lois and Nisha at Stella Magazine for thinking to include me, it means a lot!
Only 4 days to go till the premier of Doctor Who so I've posted something which I just noticed right now
"OK, I can let you in now," I said smiling.
-In thy face I see the map of honor, truth, and loyalty.
Whoever chose the word “troll” to describe the modern internet plague was definitely a frood who knew where his towel was at. Not only because it captures the spirit of their vicious attacks and gnarly stench, but because trolls have always preyed on those who dared stray from the path. Not in vain are they an integral part of the great con, in the CON-TROLL department.
John J. Macreedy: You're not only wrong. You're wrong at the top of your voice.
In the photo above, you can see the depth of each item.
Finally, I am, for all intents and purposes, a Constitutionalist, and I will not apologize for that. If you don’t agree with it, you are more than welcome to do one of two things, block it out or simply go away. Don’t take that as “don’t talk to me” command, I am always open to comments, questions and suggestions, but please keep them respectful.
It’s also noticeable that the Knowles family has this strange thing that took place. Matthew Knowles has taken such good care of his daughter Beyonce, he broke the law on her behalf time and time again. Yet, he never set his wife up. Instead, Ms “Tina” Knowles didn’t get her House of Dereon business started until her daughter helped finance her company. Where was Matthew in this project? One would think that it being is WIFE, that he’d set her up even better than he did his daughter. We suppose if Tina could shake it the way Beyonce does, then she could have been a Dream Girl or perhaps a Destinys Child.
Only she wasn't so nice after all.
The street this house sits on is a good one but like some boys, streets can come to a bad end. This one does, and the house is at that end, pressed up against the highway with enough ambient noise to drown out any nearby leaf blowers, if that’s a consideration. The building site is really a bathtub, scraped out below the original grade, and is approached by a narrow, steep driveway that wends its way through a swamp. There’s a Tobacco Road thing going on, with cheap, nasty houses on either side, complete with back yard dumps for unwanted household detritus. Inside, from what I could see, there is an undersized kitchen with an even smaller “family room”, and a dining room that can accommodate a friendly family of four. The place was locked so I couldn’t see upstairs but I imagine the same lack of design was executed there, too.
suddenly raged,
I've got back into knitting, but I haven't actually made anything yet, just practicing stitches.
was interested in where the less than 500 members. So here is how it broke down, I have 817 connections (yes a member of the 500+ club). However there is a rule for my connections as I must know them and they must know me. In short requests come in every day from folks because they work for the same company or we are members of a group in common. These won’t be accepted as they don’t meet the criteria above of knowing each other which matches with Dunbar’s criteria.
Mom went to pick up the kids and cracked up... Brody was in what she called "isolation" in the 1 year old room... separated from the other kids trying to minimize the infection possibilities! She said the whole school stunk... apparently Brody wasn't the only one afflicted. Although with Brody, I'll be honest, on any given day I don't know if you'd be able to tell the difference from his normal ridiculous stinkiness to actual sick stinkiness. That boy is something else, I'm telling you. He defies the laws of nature.
We’re told officers discovered 11.39 grams of pot after searching the rapper and his tour bus.
I was packing the boys lunch for school one morning and I look over while they are eating their breakfast and they are praying together for their food. And praying that they would be blue birds...not sure what that was about, but still sweet!
Naturally, you'll do your share of time-traveling throughout the course of the B-movie story, and there are a few neat little setpieces along the way. Nothing that'll make your brain hurt, but some cool, if way too familiar, sci-fi flourishes.
* Warning: Some fictional strategies may have been employed in writing this post.
The substance surrounding stupid people that stops bright ideas from penetrating. The bozone layer, unfortunately, shows little sign of breaking down in the near future.
Blaming television and other entertainment media for romanticizing risky behavior is always an option, but only to a point. While these influences do affect modern society, they can hardly be blamed for anything prior to about 75 years ago.
3 appropriate
Fox took me through his daily routine and showed me what his life is going to look like when he owns the farm in the future. When Fox says he does everything on the farm, he means it. Shifts on the farm can start as early as 2:30 a.m. and end as late as midnight. The cows on the farm must be fed at least three times a day and milking is also done in three different shifts during the day. Scraping pens and delivering calves is a full-time job in itself, but Fox manages to do the rest too (with some help of course). Fox showed his love for the animals on the farm through the tender care he gave each and every one he came into contact with.
Well, you know you belong here if … you play musical parking spaces every day.
AKA: Basically holes and a fabric choice away from being the great Satan, Crocs.
I’m neck-deep into my fourth novel, tentatively entitled Empty Houses.
StreetPass Features: Players can inspire friendly competition by using the Nintendo 3DS system’s StreetPass feature. They can engage in competitive StreetPass Matches or cooperative Ring Shot challenges with computer-controlled versions of people they encounter and share their StreetPass winning streak. StreetPass can also be used to show off players’ Mii characters, which can be customized with new outfits and accessories that can improve their on-court performance. As users play, new items for their Mii will be unlocked in the Item Shop.
He stepped forward and reached down to where the floor met that wall. He cupped his fingers and scraped at the floor and wall until he had made a hole going in sideways. He stood, leaped against the wall while reaching up but felt nothing. He stepped back, then took a big step forward as he jumped, but again he felt nothing up on the wall. He removed his sweatshirt and held the end of one sleeve as he swung the rest of the shirt upward. A few times, it harmlessly dropped down, but then it seemed to catch on something where just for a few seconds it didn’t immediately fall back down. When it did come down, he swung it up again, and again it caught on something temporarily.
3 tbsps. any neutral oil such as sunflower (vegetarians may use ghee)
4. If you won $1 million, how would you spend the money? Id give half to my parents, they deserve it. Then Id take the rest and give a little to my sister, donate to charities, and then keep the rest for college and my future.
The little boy, with the blue sweater, and brown shorts, who accidentally set himself on fire when he was 5 or 6.........
WINDOW CLEANER # 2
While Mother went into Camelot to help Mama with something, my sister and I took Pan out to eat. (I found out that is happens to be illegal to be keeping a raccoon because it might become too “humanized.”)
I’ve weathered seven months of grief, from the first global storm to the more isolated mists that beset me now. I’m settling back into myself, letting go of the incredibly tension that grief brings. We bereft are so focused on our lost one, so tensed against hurtful memories and mementoes, that it can bring on a host of physical problems, including Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome.
Speaking of bullying, here’s a great excerpt that someone posted to Facebook:
Although the slots are so curved it’s hard to detect, but the sections between these slots on upper part of the endplate are directly joined to the flap, thus the flap is remotely mounted, the loads pass through these three narrow section of endplate. This must be quite a structural feat. This design harks back to McLaren’s 2008-209 wings (see below) which mimicked the Renault practice of merging the endplate into the flap. Again the aim of this design was to manage the pressure differences at the wing tip for reduced drag.
Here are the rules for the award:
Pavement Cut your hair US
Guidelines for subs are here, and they allow you to email things in, so you can use the next four days to tidy up your drafts and figure out how to insert your contact details onto each page of the story. Lord knows it took me a while.
only to travel
In other news, it was very hot yesterday and it is very hot today. I have been working in shorts. I'm not sure how long I want this to continue for.
of a woman trying to translate pulsations
The sun, she always rises. As long as she continues to do so, there is always hope.
chopped red onion
After a moment’s hesitation, he started looking around him, searching for the littlest of signs to show him that he hadn’t gone completely mad. What was there to find among those desolate ruins? Yet, something caught his attention, a whiter shade amidst the soot. With blood pounding deafeningly in his ears, he started rummaging through fallen leaves, digging the soil with his nails. When he removed enough earth, he stopped and fell back, dazed. The criminal had left them there to burn. No fear came to grip his heart, only a devastating outrage and, when its waves died, an overwhelming peace.
Most often, food freedom looks like my kids eating lots of different things, some of which would be considered healthy, and some not.
Lesson #5
The other happens when you express some thoughts of suicide, or wanting to do something - anything - to stop feeling the pain. Many people respond to that by telling you to think of how your suicide would affect other people - friends, family, lovers, children. You know what? If you killed yourself, it would have a tragic, long-lasting impact on the people around you. I know, because I have had people I cared about kill themselves, too. You can use the pain your death would cause others as a reason not to do it, if that works for you.
Cover Chatter: The cover of this novel goes beautifully with the tale. A limitless blue sky, a knot of braids at the base of a long, graceful neck - the image epitomizes beauty and promise.
Madeline Daniels. Ph.D.: Dr. Daniels holds a Ph.D. in transpersonal psychology (1975), and another in clinical psychology (1988). She is a Full Member of the American Psychological Association, and a California licensed psychologist. She is also a Life Fellow of the American College of Forensic Examiners, and on the Board of the American Board of Intelligence Analysts. She holds Diplomate status as a Forensic Examiner and a Forensic Psychologist, as well as a Certification as Medical Investigator Level V. She was the Executive Director of Crossroads Center, a private counseling and consulting group in New Hampshire from 1979 to 1993. She has conducted workshops and in-service training, gave numerous professional presentations, and has taught at the State University of New York, the University of New Hampshire, and Humboldt State University in California, as well as a variety of community colleges. She wrote a syndicated newspaper column from 1982 to 1988, and authored 3 books. In 1983 she had a radio show in Boston, “Family Talk.” From 1988 to 1993, she ran an educational non-profit called the Spectrum Cross-Cultural Institute For Youth, Inc. (SCIY) which gave multi-cultural presentations in hundreds of schools throughout the U.S. and overseas. In addition, she drafted legislation to “support multi-cultural and multi-ethnic education for New Hampshire students,” and lobbied for 2 years with support from all political parties, conservatives and liberals. The bill was unanimously approved by the New Hampshire House of Representatives in 1990. She relocated to California in 1993. After nearly 17 years of working with victims and survivors of trauma and abuse, she began working with those who committed such crimes. She ran a parole outpatient clinic part-time for a year, then moved on to a forensic practice and contract work in over a dozen prisons. Her experience in California include over 500 hours on Child Protection Services cases and over 400 hours working in county jails. She now has a clinical practice in the Greater San Jose area.
Palin’s Facebook rant also included the obligatory sexualized reference of herself mowing the lawn in “tank top and shorts” which turned out to be a sort of prequel, as Zionist controlled media made sure MK’d “Tea Party Mascot” was showcasing her new “assets” at Belmont Race Track. So the media wants the masses to think they flew from Texas to NY, for rendezvous w/security detail (former Secret Service) invented silly tales (more pathological lying) of professional limo drivers getting lost on a 15min drive to very well-known grand Garden City Hotel next to Belmont Race Track, just so they could bet on a horse named “First Dude” and debut her new boobs, ratty truckers hat, Capri pants and flip-flops? NOT!
9 group
“Will you talk to me? Will you listen to the poem I wrote?” If they say yes, do your thing and thank them for their time.
Article 4 An agriculture administrative department of the people’s government at the county level or above shall establish a sound system of monitoring the safety of places of origin of agricultural products, intensify the investigation, monitoring and evaluation of the safety of places of origin of agricultural products, work out annual reports on the status and development trend of the safety of places of origin of agricultural products and submit the said reports to the agriculture administrative department of the next higher level for archival purposes.
PSS An equally large thank you to all those who booked and came along to support this event – from my very own Ale Stars and friends to the secretly booked brewers and the many local beer lovers who took a bit of chance on the unknown.
Hello crafters,
I've been in a very cranky mood for many days now. Actually, I wake up fine, feel fine, live my life, and then somewhere along the way someone comes along and pisses me off. I have been horrible about letting things get to me lately, though I've never been good with letting things roll off my back. I react, I become upset, I feel too much. It's an awful affliction, and if you don't share it, you probably don't get how badly it sucks most of the time. The highs are incredible, but the lows ruin your day every time.
"What is the use of a new-born child?"
Driving through the state next to the one in which we live, we did some meandering. We stopped for fireworks and snacks, we stopped so the teenagers could take pictures in a field, we stopped at a flea market. Turning into the parking lot of the flea market, we passed a field full of groundhogs, who were remarkably undisturbed when MC got out of the car to photograph them. At the flea market itself, we had the chance to hold puppies and browse.
The “existentials” need to find better ways to aim for and reach the moving target of the “millennials.” Abandonment of authority will not help teach anybody anything. Nor will free-floating theory divorced from grounded real-life application. From where I stand as a classroom teacher, detached abstraction is of little interest to the average college student.
Because we LOVE money, don’t we? I find it hard to believe when someone tells me they don’t like it when they’re wallet, purse, or better yet, your bank account doesn’t have a healthy amount of funds in it. We love the fact that we are able to make purchases after we’ve paid our bills.
The development comes as Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan faces a pair of deadlines Tuesday to answer dozens of questions about the issue.
In effect, our athletes and artists are the priests of our cultural religion. They define greatness for us, and lead us in a mass response to that greatness. But before we dismiss the superficiality of it all, there’s something we can learn.
Consumer advocates and members of Congress say patients may benefit from the new standards, being issued by the government under the new health care law. Officials said the disclosures increased the likelihood that doctors would make decisions in the best interests of patients, without regard to the doctors’ financial interests.
Barium What Doctors do when patients die
Not that I don’t like to write stuff on my own for fun. If I didn’t, it wouldn’t be fun, now would it? But I’m a huge procrastinator and there aren’t consequences if I don’t finish by a deadline set by myself.
Launched on April 25, the consortium will broaden research opportunities and identify new collaborations for future research projects and grant proposals. It will open up opportunities for new grant proposals, including training grants, that will be more competitive because of the consortium’s large base of stem cell biologists. It will also enhance opportunities for students to meet other stem cell researchers and gain exposure to new methodologies that may exist only on one of the three campuses.
5 free range eggs, seperated
One odd coincidence: in 2005, obama invested $90,000 in SkyTerra, which later became L2. The investment took place the very day SkyTerra’s stock soared following a preliminary FCC ruling allowing the creation of its wireless network. obama apparently sold the stock later at a $13,000 loss. At least two other administration officials still have financial links to L2.
Single white female seeking single white male... or single white female... someone to hang out with and get me off my lazy bum. Anyone out there? Any takers?
While it is my last day of classes, I’ll still be three credits short of my graduate degree. Just one small hurdle stands in my way: a capstone project.
“We are all capable of believing things which we know to be untrue, and then, when we are finally proved wrong, impudently twisting the facts so as to show that we were right.”
Nobel Week: Laureates
I am currently sat here absolutely devastated as our laptop will not turn on this morning. We have photos on there that haven't been backed up or moved onto the home computer!! Mum has gone to a local shop to see what they can do, so I'm just waiting to hear, hopefully it'll be good news. All I want is for it to turn on one last time so I can copy all photos across :( Arghhhh :( Sob sob :(
So when RN gets ready to leave, she say, “Don’t worry. I won’t drop by anymore. But you’re always welcome to come in my door anytime you want.”
They have given us into the hand of new unhappy lords,
I mistakenly filled the fermenter up to the 6 gallon mark instead of the 5.5 gallon mark I was shooting for, no problems, just a little more beer. But, when you pitch a pile of healthy top cropped yeast, the airlock gets clogged by krausen. I put a blow off tube in, but it wasn't working and got clogged. I popped the top on the bucket and just let the lid rest on. Hence the name of the brew, thare she blows! I have had krausen overflowing from the bucket for 24 hours now. Thankfully, I let my fermenter sit in a big round tub.
I have a favor to ask. If you belong to one of my facebook groups, and if you have time, will you go to the group, scroll down the wall (and click “older posts” when you get to the botttom of the page), look for discussion threads and make a comment? That brings the discussions to the top of the group page, and is a way of keeping them from getting lost. I’ll do it when I get back, of course, but any help will be appreciated.
“Critical monetization elements for multiscreen video: reach, engagement & agility” via Michael Barros Cisco Systems bit.ly/JFvrIg
It turns out that the video was less pilates, and more, um, cha cha.
Do you sneak in a nap during the day? Well according to this article in the Gulf Today a short snooze not going beyond 10 minutes increases productivity, improves intelligence and maintains emotional stability. The article goes on to suggest that a mid-day nap is not only accepted in many cultures but some go as far as to set up a special room to allow workers to have a siesta. Mmm I wonder if you would have trouble getting people to buy into that change.
Honestly, I had no problem with this entire plan until the fan was gone. Something about watching that little girly-ness leaving forever left me a little sad. It is not like the fact that my girls are growing up was a secret. In fact, the evidence is in every corner of my life: homework that involves medieval politics, the miniature Sephora store in my hall bathroom, the bras of every size and color going through the wash each week…
Every day, every trip, get it back to it’s starting point by removing whatever contents you brought into the car.
1, Preheat your oven to 160o/c and line two baking sheets with baking sheets. I use Teflon baking sheets but silicone ones would be just as good.
fun fun!
“Sometimes reading debates between figures on the left, involving historical references readers may not be familiar with, can be a daunting or even demoralising experience. But the brilliant and precise annotating of this collection, along with a short introduction to each piece, makes every article accessible to a wide range of readers…Day and Gaido have done a fantastic service with this immense collection. Witnesses to Permanent Revolution is a fascinating and thought provoking book and one that genuinely sheds new light on past debates about socialism that can help to inform the future.” —Esme Choonara, International Socialism
-The earrings deep in the Catacombs/Future Balzackia
So he went home alone and took a cold shower to clear his head and get to thinking correctly about her and the case.
As a reporter who followed him throughout 2009, Irvin is nowhere near an ‘issue’ and all that happened in the past is rightfully behind him.
NYIT’s annual energy conference on June 13 will feature experts in emergency response, energy technologies to help disaster-stricken areas, and shelter models for developed and under-developed countries.
I wander through strong
in joining this effort. Together, insha’Allah we can make a
Total playing time: 29:47
Similar purges take place across society and within the entertainment industry, Andy Gray, for instance was secretly taped in a private, off air, conversation and paid for his politically incorrect views with his job and reputation. Meanwhile ITV have announced that Brian True May the producer of Midsummer Murders will be "stepping down" from his position following politically naïve revelations made in an interview with Radio Times. Readers will recall that Mr. True-May admitted that the programe avoided casting ethnic minorities as residents of the fictional village of Midsummer, in order to maintain the “quintessential Englishmess” which the series' viewers so enjoy.
And what we live with...
definition with the goal of formulation,
They do pay taxes : ’13 percent: The tax rate Exxon paid last year, lower than the average American family’.
I was looking at my original post, Water Kefir Newbie, and I've made so many changes that I think make it so much easier that I wanted to just do a completely new post. I have a few friends who I've sold/given water kefir grains to and they're telling me that they don't look like mine and aren't multiplying. So, I'm doing a step-by-step post of how I do mine so that it can be replicated, hopefully. Here's what I use to make mine:
access and present the data in a human-readable form. One result of this paradigm is the bundling of both the Data Services and the software
Some of the things in which Jews and Gentiles (the entire world) are alike are as follows:
Continue weaving the felt strips until you reach the end of the square. As I played around with this I found there are many different ways you can weave the strips to create different patterns and looks. Play around with it and see what you like.
most of my clothings are from Hysteric Glamour, Anap, Glad News and Black Peace Now etc...
Reader Ethan alerted me to these great photos on his Ethan Finkelstein's Flickr page. The photos were taken in the early hours of Saturday, right after a car drove into the Gowanus Canal.
I have a strong suspicion this isn’t going to happen. At that point I guess I have to consider either delaying it for a few months, or going to Wisconsin. Or I guess I could try again to find someone locally, but I do not wish to deal with endos who know next to nothing about Cushing’s and even less about my doctor. So I’d say that’s my last choice.
If you haven’t heard of nutritional yeast, it is a flaky yellow powder and adds a cheesy texture. It looks like this and you can find it in the bulk sections of most health food stores, or in big containers at Whole Foods. Nutritional yeast is a great gluten-free source of protein and b-vitamins.
- Families will pay higher taxes.
Then I remembered the I Like Book series on the iPad: a fabulous iPad/iPod series that highlights a single topic (e.g. I Like School, I Like Summer, I Like My Sister, I Like Cats (paid), I Like Colors (paid), etc…). I had inadvertently been given my charge: to create an “I Like My Cousin” digital book with each page highlighting a shared event or moment (e.g. I like riding a camel, I like Grammy’s toys, I like trains, I like Grampy’s rocking chair, I like the beach, I like Easter egg hunts etc…).
In his early years Thor had adventures on Earth, or Midgard as the Norse referred to it, and in Asgard and the other nine realms of Norse mythology. An early feature of the series was Tales of Asgard, where episodes of Norse mythology were re-enacted, sort of Marvel Comics meets Classics Illustrated. Eventually Thor spent most of his time in Asgard, his secret identity of Donald Blake going by the board, especially after Thor learned that he had always been Thor and that Odin had placed him on Midgard in the guise of Donald Blake in order to teach him humility. Thor was one of my favorite comic book series as I was growing up in the Sixties. I was fascinated by the Norse mythology background and I found the Thor stories to be more imaginative than the more prosaic and formulaic superhero adventures of most of the other comic book series. I also found the quasi-Shakespearean language in which Thor and the other Norse “gods” spoke to be a hoot!
all night kitchen-wall scouring, all night swearing
The Tiger's Wife by Téa Obreht (due out in 2010, the short story in The New Yorker a few weeks ago was awesome, yes, once again it relates to cats).
Reasons for writing are as varied as those who write. For example, in a recent online discussion, horror writer Rob M. Miller said, “I write because I have something to say, and I want it to be heard.” Even if there was a chance he wouldn’t be heard, he would still write because, as he says, “I write to self-explore my mind, to self-medicate, to share my worldview.”
I am trapped
lastly, she just go somewhere by her own…n leave her girlfriend…
James McConnell Clark
Occupy Wall Street is part of an international people powered movement fighting for economic justice in the face of neoliberal economic practices, the crimes of Wall Street, and a government controlled by monied interests. #OWS is the 99% organizing to end the tyranny of the 1%.
The problem with this query though is that I don't see anything compelling. It's all very cliche: white supremacists, lone wolf hero. You can have a structurally sound query (well, you could, once you revise) but the book itself isn't doing much for me here.
Thank you all for sticking with me. I'll be posting again later today, and hopefully throughout the week.
We have become a society that is so reliant on the Web that nearly everyone is lost, or bordering on death by boredom, without it. Now, I could set myself a goal and say “no internet for a day” to try and prove myself wrong… except I know that I would only drive myself crazy and end up failing miserably.
And the remnant of Jacob shall be among the Gentiles in the midst of many people as a lion among the beasts of the forest, as a young lion among the flocks of sheep: who, if he go through, both treadeth down, and teareth in pieces, and none can deliver.
I don’t think this book is ever out of the Top 10.
Now, I am a woman so I can't guarantee that once we start the project I won't change my mind at least 20 times. But at least, with this little exercise, I can see what I'm drawn to and what elements are must-haves.
Since the birthday girl loves chocolate, I baked two layers of my favorite chocolate cake, and then filled it with a rich chocolate mousse (the same chocolate mousse recipe that I used to fill my heart surprise cake, as well as the various triple chocolate mousse cakes that I've made.) Once filled and stacked, I cut off Hello Kitty's bow and carved the cake a bit to further shape the piggy ears. Then I covered it with pink cream cheese frosting.
I can assure you that it's every bit as difficult as it sounds.
I watched you through the ice
Oh, and I didn’t even talk about story structure because I really don’t think 250 words gives us a very good indication of whether the story started in the right place or not (though it sure let us know when someone started with too much description).
A minute later he returned with another bowl of soup. He warned her not to do it again, and placed the bowl on the table. She went beserk trying to attack him with her fist. Her effort was pathetic, screaming through tears for him to just kill her and be done with it. Tired of her outburst he backhanded her across the face. Her eyes danced in their sockets. Ehausted she slumped forward and sobbed uncontrollable.
Basically, the excess safety could help you, and your own property get enough rest during the night time, despite looking at a difficult film. Just emphasize your kids which the digital cameras are looking out for aliens, if the view of digital cameras at home could shock them.
5) Bloodbuzz Ohio
- watch - birthday present
Well, hello and thanks for clicking on my blog on the IndyHumane web site. Maybe you’re just curious about who I am or maybe you’ve met me at IndyHumane and liked what you saw. Either way, thanks for reading my blog.
For the sauce: Chop onion and garlic. Drizzle oil in a sauce pan, add onions and saute for 3 minutes until translucent. Add chopped garlic, cook another 2 minutes. Deglaze the pan by splashing a little white wine in. Once that’s cooked off, add ground venison. Stir and cook until browned but not tough – about 4 minutes. Add crushed tomatoes. Stir to combine, add salt and pepper to taste. Another splash of wine won’t hurt things either.
On Sunday, after checking out of our B&B we popped into town and had a stroll through museum gardens followed by a look in my favourite picture shop on Petergate. We then drove North to Easingwold and had a little wander before heading to St Johns the Evangelist Church for a christening.
And running.
If the Dervish taught class, the spelling test you'd ace!
sometimes … there is no explanation
Now, I used to be in the habit of reusing plastic water bottles from bottled water. It was like I felt bad for even buying bottled water and I thought reusing the bottle multiple times was my restitution. While that's not a bad thought, you really don't want to use them more than the once. BPA, my friends. If you are unfamiliar with BPA, Google it. There is tons of information out there about it. Basically, it is a chemical that acts like estrogen in the body and can cause major problems.
Range: (Smarts) x 10" radius
forgive the things I do
And....
Bailey, one of our shift leads, implemented an operational change over the winter that saved us just about 100 percent of our waste costs. She didn’t ask permission; she just changed the way we prepared and stored our mixins.
I'm going to be true to myself. And I hope you'll stay with me, despite these little adjustments, so I can keep learning who you are, too.
Arrival in a snowy world
In the hope it would breed understanding and open channels again.
I do not wish to detract from today's euphoria, it is a euphoria which is well deserved, we have achieved great things in the face of huge opposition. However, that opposition is still there and the next few years will not be easy for any of us, for the enemies ranged against us are legion.
Askas pictures aren't always exactly flattering, they're certainly not designed to make you look pretty, but they are always interesting pictures and I love the shoots.^-^
Bofors L/60 air defense weapons are
So please come and join us just For Fun this week. My teamies can't wait to see what you come up with. Myself is having a break but I really wanted to make a card at least. LoL
Michael honey, CARPE DIEM!
I’ve realized that not crying doesn’t make you strong. Sometimes you have to be strong enough to let it all out. I’m still not that strong.
Jennifer Roback Morse, Ph.D. is the founder and President of the Ruth Institute, president of the Ruth Institute a project of the National Organization for Marriage to promote life-long married love to college students by creating an intellectual and social climate favorable to marriage.
"Not if he's wearing his muskrat armor," I added.
Annabel had asked me if we would be happy to have our picture as part of the piece but I expected it to be a tiny photograph rather than, boom pow anna and Bean!
This was obviously going to be a meal of sufficient size and calorific value to fuel an overweight worm-infested Sherpa laden down with oxygen bottles all the way up the final 10,000 feet to the summit of Mount Everest.
When Shadow became available, Jack really, really wanted her. He had to revisit his fears about losing a dog and weigh whether the pain would be worth it. Before long we were heading a few hours south to pick her up.
‘He’s not comfortable with individuals giving large amounts. He wants a wider base of people giving smaller amounts,’ said a party official at the time.
Here Christ has enlightened the fishermen by the Spirit.
22. Rocky Ground / When The Saints Go Marching In (w/ Michelle Moore)
Vehicle Sales Tax
His hand moved underneath my loosened hair, cupping the back of my head like a pillow, and his expression of wonder made me dizzy. “It is foolish and reckless, raven, but yes. I think I understand it as well.”
Robyn's Fetish Digital Stamps And More, a division of I Did It Creations, was created and is is owned by Robyn Weinrib. Robyn offers a wonderful variety of digital stamps and digital papers, designed to meet the needs of all digital paper crafting addicts for every occasion.
if you can please donate to team "Tiptoe Butterfly" or myself "Erika Falkowski" (goes to same account, which i drop the funds off at the Komen center in Summit, NJ before the race) - register if you can - or build your own team in your neck of the woods (global) and lets make a difference in this world!
I'm not saying that you should have any logic flaws, of course. Things should be thought through. But let us say that there are certain things that got missed in the analyzing part of developing your novel, because "that's the way it is" in your head. Or you think something's really cool and can't come up with a solid reason for it, but hang on anyway because it's cool.
With tears in my eyes.....I have to say this to you all.....it is very hard but I just have to do it....
I’m all for creativity. I’m also, obviously, a huge proponent of photography. I also remember that my first camera was…ummm…limited. So were my photo editing skills. And while my images might not have been quite as good as the work I produce now, it was still a creative outlet for me… In the words of David Pasillas, an iphonetographer-friend, “I suppose we all started out with simple edits or bad filters and evolved into much more complex edits. I know I was guilty of putting awfully harsh vignettes on most of my images a few years ago. haha” (Check out his work with the iPhotos. He impressed me with how much he can do with just a cell phone and some apps!)
taking me out for runs
Some positive developments for a change this morning with news that Wandsworth Borough Council has approved plans for the redevelopment of the Battersea Power Station site, the most valuable single asset in the NAMA-controlled portfolio. The site is owned by Real Estates Opportunities (REO) PLC which is controlled by Treasury, one of the NAMA Top 10 developers. The approval should serve to enhance the value of the asset and increase the likelihood that the loans securing the asset will be repaid – REO itself owes NAMA nearly €1bn representing loans on its portfolio of property in the UK and Ireland.
"Bad boy ... tsk tsk. Mag se sex ba tayo? (Are we going to have sex?)"
In light of all what we have for our view of the Kurdish issue, we can not, in any case to exceed the ceiling provided for being exceeded all limits, and taking the Kurdish components of the situation, and work to attract the energies of other Kurdish present in the scene.
How do you keep your awake and aware ten-year-old child free from fear?
I am kind of sad and happy all at the same time that the school year is coming to an end. I don’t know quite what to do with myself while I am off work… I am sure there will be plenty of honey-do’s!! I will still be blogging… just more generalized educational stuff.
Its the grails params.id that is the problem. In 1.2.2 the above URL would mean that in your controller you could have ‘params.id == “Some Item”‘
I will be here (will you be here)
VO Blum / An Interview and an Excerpt from DownMind / 86
Single Color Meanings
Yay! now I can finish the second settee!
Half-Blood immediately picked up where Daimon left off--Alex, running from the Daimons who are hunting her after she escaped from home and left her mother's lifeless body. While fighting the Daimons, she was found by the Sentinels (Covenant warriors who hunt and kill Daimons), one of them is Alex's long-time crush, a Pure and swoon-worthy--Aiden St. Delphi.
1- I'm really grateful for Wednesdays, because it gets me to blog a bit. lol. It seems as though we've been so busy lately that I haven't been tracking our experiences here, like I really do love to do. I know this will shift. In the mean time, I've been really grateful for connecting here on Wednesdays.
Trenchmouth
:: Orange: Regain up to 1d -- You've still got a bit of Fight left in you after all
I remember an impromptu writing assignment I had to do in college. We had to write about a place in the past we could never actually visit. A historical event. And I forget the objective of the exercise. Sounds kinda 5th-grade-y now, but I do remember that I wrote about how awesome it would be to see the Slits sing "Newtown" live.
You can use different cookie shapes and colors for holiday themes.
3-4 tbls light soy
9. “Our message to the Taliban remains the same, but today, it may have even greater resonance. You cannot wait us out. You cannot defeat us …” – Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the Treaty Room of the State Department (May 2, 2011)
So here’s how I picture my life… this is what I want it to look like all. the. time. (And yes, I just got excited about drawing and using fun colors. Don’t judge me).
You by whom the Word was made flesh,
And though Deep Throat was portrayed as a man sickened by the wiretaps and break-ins by the White House, Felt himself, writes Holland, “authorized illegal surreptitious entries into the homes of people associated with the Weather Underground.”
Tonight I’m curling up with Hope Floats with my green tea and then off to bed.
much love from the colemans.
I appreciate this will be quite tedious for those who are already familiar with the argument, but to make sure we all start off from the same point, here is the basic version of Craig’s Kalam argument:
McElwee picks up the narration after Leacock begins it, effectively beginning the film's transition. He describes how Sherman destroyed Atlanta, Columbia, S.C. and thousands of smaller towns, burning homes, plundering cattle and leaving an unprecedented path of destruction before bringing about a Confederate surrender in North Carolina. As McElwee notes, Sherman's march marked the first time in modern warfare where a campaign had been waged primarily against a civilian population. The director informs us that he first conceived the idea for the documentary about a decade before he actually filmed it, thinking it would be interesting to look at Sherman's lingering influence in the South and on Southerners. He shares the tale of an aunt who keeps in her attic an ancestor's couch which still bears the puncture holes from the swords of Sherman's troops who were searching for hidden loot. When McElwee finally received a grant that would allow him to fund such a documentary, before he returned to his Boston home to prepare, he stopped first in New York to share the good news with the woman that he'd been seeing. Unfortunately for Ross, when he arrived she informed him that she'd reconciled with her ex-boyfriend, knocking McElwee for a loop. He stayed in New York after they argued for awhile, taking refuge in a friend's vacant loft. Eventually, he decides to head south to see his family and begin his film but William Tecumseh Sherman's starring role has been usurped and the Sherman's March's title card makes its appearance followed by a subtitle added to more accurately reflect the documentary's broader scope in terms of subject matter.
Planning gives purpose and direction to your daily activities. Without it, your activities are aimless and uncoordinated. Whether you are a start-up business or a growing business, if you have not developed a plan or updated you existing plan, it is essential that you do so, not just for your sake, but for the sake of those who are called to co-labor with you.
To cut it short I got tested in a little clinic in Hammersmith. I had to wait 48 hrs for the results and two days later I was given the all clear. Verity was sitting besides me as the doctor spilled out the good news and gave me my test results. On hearing the news Verity began crying and I began thinking of Ace and wondering whether his phone would be on yet. What a great day it would be if after all these months of worry I could score early and get back home and sink into oblivion properly. Now that would be perfect! After having my life saved it was only right that I risk it again... if not what would be the point in having it back? The thought and the day was temptingly delicious in its coldness. The doctor babbled on some more but I never heard a word. Before leaving he referred me back to The Needle Exchange for a session on safe injecting practices. Of course I never went. I wouldn't need to. From that moment on I never ever shared a room with someone injecting again, and only on a handful of occasion ever had someone inject in my presence. The life scared me, and the people even more.
Jacob Leinenkugel Brewing Company Leinenkugel's Sunset Wheat
“Do you have a preference on how I kill him,” Nik asked. When Wro’bel’s brows knitted in confusion at the question, he added, “It’s just a little bonus I offer my clients on jobs like this. Offers a kind of…challenge.”
**Whiskey, beer, and karaoke.
I did take you to the park for the first time and in impulse plopped you in the swing, which was clearly several months beyond your age range...but I threw the baby carrier around your torso and you sat up like a champ....and LOVED it. You started uncertain but by the end were giggling uncontrollably.
But be careful, if you click "Apply to Blog" your blog template will automatically be converted! You can revert back to the older version, but certain functionality will be lost. In particular, your Google Analytics will be gone.
Well the rain has returned and I was trying to think of something to do with Miss F. I wanted to do something a little different from painting etc. Making play dough was the perfect thing to do, as not only was it fun to work with but we got to make it together as well. Sadly we don’t have any essential oils at home but I will be buying some asap. Can you imagine playing with play dough that smells of sweet orange? Bliss.
Natalie starts getting scared, and asks the janitor to let her out of the truck. The door won't open from the inside(???), and Natalie's demeanor starts to annoy him. At that point a car comes from the other direction with its headlights off, so the janitor flashes his on and off at the driver. D'oh! Just like the urban legend, the other driver swerves and starts to chase them. As Natalie urges the janitor to accelerate, the other car pulls up beside them, and both get a good look at the killer's hooded jacket, but no details of his face.
-Merrell, who missed her own quotes last week.
2 cups granulated sugar
Sizes range from 6months to 14years, 17 - 30inch chest.
stay gone. train your heart
Where is your treasure? What do you treasure? What are you living for? What’s most important to you? (Where is your heart?) Mathew 6:19-21, “Don’t store up treasure here on earth, where moths eat them and rust destroys them, and where thieves break in and steal. Store your treasures in heaven, where moths and rust cannot destroy, and thieves do not break in and steal. Where your treasure is, there the desires of your heart will also be.”
Today I wanted to show you a lamp that is in my stamp studio. I actually have two of them- one is at the die cutting area and the other one is at my Cricut area. These were really cheap bedside/dresser lamps that I got at Walmart a year ago on clearance for $4 each. Of course I couldn't use them just as they were so I had to fancy them up to fit the Paris Chic theme I have going on in the room. They were just plain cream lamps so I added the black braid around the top and bottom with hot glue. The velvet ribbon has a rhinestone buckle and then I added the black rose.
I'm wondering what our friends and family are going to say when they hear about this crazy plan. No more trips to the grocery store? Well, yes, we'll still need dog food and toilet paper and toothpaste, so yes, we will still be going somewhere to purchase those things. But what this means for us is a whole new layer of things to do in the kitchen.
I haven't read Philip J. Riley's reconstruction of the picture -- honestly, I can't remember now whether it was the opportunity to buy it or the good sense that I lacked in 1987 -- but I have seen the Turner Classic Movies reconstruction, and there are major discrepancies between it and the story told by Marie Coolidge-Rask. In TCM's version, Hibbs is identified as Arthur, not Jeremiah (Jerry), and he's Sir James's nephew, not his secretary. (Variety's Mori says Hibbs is Roger Balfour's nephew, but that doesn't make sense and is probably a mistake on Mori's part.) Neither the TCM version nor the reviews mention the murder of Harry Balfour, or even his existence, although the illustration in the novel (see Chapter 2, "Another Mystery") suggests Harry must have been in there somewhere. (Oddly enough, in the caption Jules Cowles, who played Gallagher the chauffeur, is identified by his own name rather than his character's.)
In other words, it's perfect for this blog.
The town did a wonderful job of keeping town folk informed with 'Code Red' phone calls. Local radio stations get my 'thumbs down' for not getting critical update on the air, only playing 'happy' music with an overly 'bright and shiny' enthusiastic DJ that never seemed to look out his window and let us, who had no other means of gathering information but the radio, know what was going on.
- Increase in the Medicare payroll tax from 1.45% to 2.35% for individuals making $200,000+ and families making $250,000+
I'm sorry. I got completely sidetracked feeling bad for myself. Burger King and My Blog Spark actually sent me a $25 Burger King gift card to try out the new Burger King Family Bundle meals.
7. Life Goes On (3:24)
“We didn’t have that strong of a team… so I kind of hand to score some more goals,” Gawdin said. “I just like to make the players around me better and hopefully they make me better too.”
BUT, (why is there always a but?) Well when we first met, I was hammered and he was sober; well at least I thought he was sober but as I just said I was hammered. Anyway he walked me to a taxi basically and made sure I got home safe. The second time we met, I tapped him on the shoulder and said hello and he had this really blank look on his face and you practically see steam coming from his ears he was trying that hard to remember who I was.
(504) 899-9126
A great deal of our behaviour occurs without our being aware of what we are doing or of the stimuli that elicit this behaviour. Why then do we have a vivid sense of having conscious control of our actions even though this is an illusion? What does consciousness add to our abilities? First, our sense of being in control of our actions is intimately related to the feeling of being responsible for our actions.
8) Come In Alone by My Bloody Valentine - from "Loveless"
Incidentally I didn't have any bakers twine the right colour so I just dyed a length of white with a couple of drops of re-inker - I'm VERY excited about that so you'll probably be seeing lots of different colours of bakers twine turning up all over my cards! The flower cluster was coloured with markers with a shadow added in Sahara Sand to make it pop.
Day 2 consisted of measuring my biceps, thighs, waist, etc. for the trimming. Ryan proceeded to work on the arm pieces while taking an international business conference call. What a multi-tasker!
Even though my husband and I plan not to send our children to school, I do not think of myself as their teacher. I won't be deciding when they are ready to learn things. I will keep our lives full of "push toys" so they can practice things on their own when they choose. And most importantly, I will be there when they want to take my hands and lead me somewhere.
Once upon a time there were two little boys, Matteo and Nico. Oh, how they loved to pretend to be warriors, vikings and knights! Using sticks, they'd duel each other...swinging and poking, slashing and screaming, their poor mother was at her wits end! What power these little boys had! What energy! Then something magical and wondrous happened... she met Master Alejandro.
Up early and at the ISA meeting point for our excursion by 8:30.
The deeper question thrown up by this affair is whether politicians should be protected from people who want to throw pies at them. Getting a pie in the face is an unpleasant distraction if you’re not expecting it, but it never does serious damage. I must have seen hundreds of clowns get facialized without being harmed by the experience.
Tomatoes, bell peppers, and eggplant really look great. Should be picking some bell peppers in the next week or so.
But I have to be economical: if I don’t slice those words, my editor will, and I’d rather be the one holding the scalpel. This forced concision means I have to think hard about word choice. Not only word by word, but paragraph by paragraph. Some passages, especially descriptive ones, add nothing substantive. They’re decorative, and when you’re on a word budget, decoration is the first thing to go.
If you have never been in a serious spiritual friendship before, and your own sense of spiritual life and experience seems thin, then you probably have little spiritual self-confidence and much vulnerability in approaching such a relationship.
Talos Drellik +5 crit +5
It was the best I had read anything in a long time also because the longer I read the more I felt this story was more about my daughter than a capless pen.
This bathroom used to be green, blue and pink.
"THE HOLLY KING" by Joanna Powell Colbert
:: Yellow: Regain up to 2d
Pinch of cayenne
As Steele wrote, “Mr. Obama’s extraordinary dash to the forefront of American politics is less a measure of the man than of the hunger in white America for racial innocence.” And, “For whites, here is the opportunity to document their deliverance from the shames of their forbearers.”
This is the beginning of the time of light here in the twilight north, a time that is cherished and celebrated.
When I was three years old I left my little rubber giraffe here”.
Not sure if I shared this in my last post or not...but the other reason I haven't been blogging is that I was recently (well, a couple months ago) diagnosed with Rheumatoid Arthritis. I've been in a lot of pain for the last several months, and it has taken the doctors a while to figure out the best medications to treat it. It's sort of a trial-and-error method, I guess. I just started a new medication last week - and while the jury is still sort of out on whether I'll be able to take it on a long-term basis, I *am* able to curl and uncurl my fingers when I wake up in the mornings for the first time in months, and it's not excruciatingly painful on my feet the minute I step out of bed! I consider that a huge improvement over the way things have been. So I'm at least hopeful that this one will work!
I must admit that i’ve caught a bad cold just in last days of winter. By the way, my Sabzeh seems quite lame this year since i tried to grow green beans for the first time. I had to do it at least a week sooner & they don’t seem to grow enough until new year eve . Only 5 days to go and my Sabzeh needs a miracle!
At the end of the first class, we will write a brief statement in our journals of our expectations for the course.
Karen Hall
That evening we dropped off our pilot again, or was it the next day and we passed Macapa again. At one point, saw lots of big tankers and cargo ships waiting to go down the Amazon. They were high up in the water so you could see their propellers ready to pick up their cargo, either grain or soya beans which are exported from here. Some very rusty with names such as Dona Deborah Manaus, Federal Venture, Yacu Taski (seen this name before). Feel like I’m a ship spotter, bit nerdy collecting ship’s names but I love it. Manaus is the very large city further down the Amazon which I’d love to visit but we didn’t go that far. We were the only cruise ship around and somebody asked the captain how he managed to navigate up and down the river considering it is so complicated. He said the important things they use are the radar, the speed log and the distance to shore which has to be measured constantly otherwise we could hit a sandbank or worse. Good job this isn’t the Costa ship and we have our Captain Atle.
I usually try to avoid being the goalkeeper as the whole affair then tends to quickly descend into a no-holds-barred street fight with an abundance of further crying and much melodrama. I’ll be trying desperately to award appropriate free-kicks and penalties without World War III erupting with a near-constant soundtrack of ‘He kicked me…you let that in on purpose…it’s too hard to score…waa!’ The ball, which plays only a very minor role in these circumstances, will spend most of the time deep in the shrubs or next doors garden.
It was a longgggg day around the house but NO SPENDING went on Fiscal fast day 3 was a sucsess. The majority of the day was spent keeping up with Karsyn, it has been too cold and windy outside to take Mason out so she has been getting into anything and everything. DD#3 is back from vacation, YAAA, she will have the little girls tomorrow so I can have a break, just me and Mason man.
Gaining at least one "bead" for my collection to the Jar. Gaining means to take a step toward my wished future, where I will communicate a different way... namely I dare to share my inner needs, to take on my thoughts, feelings, needs. To master in this language needs to practice .. At least one situation a week. Usually there would be more occassions, only I do not dare to show my inner self... But without practice I won't reach my aim...
Then after the excitement died down, we put our son on the bus for his first overnight Summer Camp! *gulp* He's been away from home before, but always at a friend or grandparent's house. I fear this pang of panic is the first of 1000s to come as he gets older. And in four weeks, Babygirl starts Kindergarten! Life is moving much to fast over here. Lucky for you, painting is always a good distraction! First Living Room Project coming up tomorrow!
So often I remind myself
In his order, acting Judge Leon Halgryn said "... the publication and chanting of the words "dubul' ibhunu", prima facie satisfies the crime of incitement to murder".
Birch bark can be soaked until moist in water, and then formed into a cast for a broken arm.
We won’t be ghosts or angels, floating around somewhere. Jesus was not resurrected as a spirit – he had a physical body. On several occasions after he was raised, he sat down and ate with the disciples. He promises us resurrection bodies also (1 Corinthians 15). He promises us a new heavens and new earth (Revelation 21 & 22) where will live and love and do the things we love to do, and be connected to God and to each other without the destruction and cruelty of sin and sorrow.
At LONG LAST!!!!!!!!!!! We have had these beer in our fridge for some time, and I'm finally getting to it. If you don't know about the Sam Adams Longshot beers, basically they are some serious beers brewed at the National Homebrew Competition, chosen by Boston Beer Company to brew on their system and distribute to the masses. If you can get, GET IT!
Publisher: Henry Holt Books for Young Readers
So, I started with one of my favorite authors, Marian Keyes.
Giuliana Rancic
but not today.
This is a great urban legend-like story that makes its rounds on the internet from time to time, and it isn’t really true. I wish it was because it’s a beautiful story and it does illustrate the principle that you reap what you sow.
Well... In and out that ever-foreboding "rut"; here and there and everywhere.
What can we expect now?
"I entered into alliances with my paper soulmates." First Jean Rhys and Jane Bowles and Anna Kavan. Then Elfriede Jelinek and Ingeborg Bachmann and Thomas Bernhard. They are the ones who wrote the family for me. They wrote of the deep closets of the past, of history. They wrote around the silence.
The best self-defense tactic is called "target denial," which means "don't be there." Act out a scenario where maybe your child is walking in the school corridor (or any other place where he or she might bullied). You can pretend to be a bully standing by the wall saying mean things. Ask your child what these mean things might be because what is considered insulting or upsetting is different for different people, times, and places.
SO now I am the bad rat and he is Mr. Fun!
See this excerpt:
Searchlight Director Gerry Gable
I've had quite a few requests to share how I needle turn applique....so here we go!
■Choice of one: Hip Hop Abs, Turbo Jam, Brazil Butt Lift, Slim in 6, or Power 90
Lucy's smile vanishes. She tells Sir James she doesn't like him when he talks like that. Then she is gone; Sir James and Roger Balfour are alone.
For decades, Palestine was the focus of nearly every protest in the Arab world. It was the acceptable outlet of frustration for almost every regime in the region, the bone they would throw their frustrated masses. But it was also the vehicle for mobilization and a training ground for political organizing that became useful for activists later on.
"We promise that this work with the Net of Light will do untold good," the Grandmothers said. "We are calling you to service now. You are needed. Do not miss this opportunity. We thank you and bless you."
I know the Nachos doesn't even qualify as a decent recipe. But for a start, allow me to share the least dish I know how to prepare.
“…Even so the tongue is a little member, and it can boast of great things. See how much wood or how great a forest a tiny spark can set ablaze!”
6. Donna – FM Static
05) Teenage (Totp's)
Why don't you all go and visit these ladies!
My mother was gracious to come with me the day of surgery. We sat watching tv in the waiting room with another young girl and her mother. At least I was old enough to decide on this in a well thought out process. The girl waiting looked like she had just started her period. My mom was comforting. Occasionally she would stroke my hair or hold my hand. She was with me during an unfortunate necessary surgery pre-op where I lost my marbles several times and knew the drill.
F I G U R E S !
To properly perform a leash correction, you must start with a loose leash. If there is tension on the leash (aka, if your dog is pulling), you won’t be able to do this properly. Bring your hand down near your dog’s neck–if you have a small dog you will have to bend over. Quickly jerk the leash to the side (NOT back), and then immediately let the leash loose again. The leash should be taunt for less than 2 seconds.
According to the sophistomanifesto, first by chronological order then in parentheses reading order, which is probably the more significant of the two. The significant moment prelude: The Man in the High Castle. That which brings them together: The Simulacra (The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch). That which threatens to separate them: The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch (Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep). Getting to know you: Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep (UBIK). Mythos 1: theme: UBIK (A Maze of Death). Mythos 2: variation: A Maze of Death (Valis). Resolution of the mythos: harmony: A Scanner Darkly (The Divine Invasion). Climax: Valis (The Transmigration of Timothy Archer). Descent of understanding: The Divine Invasion (The Simulacra). The significant moment: The Transmigration of Timothy Archer (A Scanner Darkly).
as the sun rises,
So, this piece is charcoal & graphite on 18”x12” white paper. The objects in the work are: a beat up heart and my arsenal of protection from more relationship stress: 2 pistols, 2 rifles & 2 knives. The cache of weaponry radiate around one side of the heart like a fan. This is NOT about wanting to literally take lives (that’s bad, plus bloodiness creeps me OUT!) So, the look of it is basically a big fat, non-literal visual “GO AWAY”. Niiiice… Whenever I have to explain my artistic style, I often mention that I like to create art that is emphatic, very expressive. No namby-pamby for me. I like it loud with a sharp edge. This is that. And I think it would look dope on a rock group’s CD cover!
Frolicking. Swimming. Running up and down the hard-packed sand and screeching with joy like young gulls and finding treasures and swooping from the water to the sand to where the adults sat with their faces tipped to the sun and back to the water again.
Like with our usual eBay store, most auctions usually start at just one penny! The only difference is that they ship out from our midwest location and Chris & Amber handle the processing & shipping. They always are also happy to ship worldwide! New stuff added DAILY!
Following the first anniversary of the Arab Awakening, there has been more unrest in the streets. So yesterday I called in the black ops and ordered up some regime change.
For my friend, the guys come up, they toss a line that might buy them a minute or two of somebody's time in a bar or ask some inane question meant to gauge interest. She's polite, but she's just there to hit the elliptical machine and maybe work on he arms a little. She's got a boyfriend. They're in love, live together and are one of those cool couples who don't overdo it on the cute stuff that makes me want to climb from a great height then plummet headfirst.
Appearance Items – A matter of taste I suppose. Not sure I need a giant mushroom hat or a cosmetic pet. But I did buy the bunny hat.
for 40'. Or 'hot for your age'. You can never again just be a hot chick.
This is such a fresh, original story idea—I love it! What might readers be surprised to learn about the plot or characters of STRANGE PACKAGING?
Roll Date: Fall 2008
The Challenge tomorrow on Take a Word is Numbers. I'm not a great numbers person I must admit. I think with the other half of my brain. There's not much left of that half either! LOL!
The choice is yours, although I am more drawn to the left pair both shoes are pretty much the same thing, and the right pair are a lot less heavy on your purse strings.
I can no longer say it's been five years since I've had a date. phew
Sirtis
About one cup of zucchini, about one half an onion, together strained through a bit of cheesecloth. About one cup of grated Parmesan cheese (another leftover), and a palmful of flour. Also salt and pepper, but you can't really see those.
Laduree
So I say we pray for this young woman to serve the sentence she is given but also that we pray for restoration and forgiveness in her life. Pray that if she is not saved that the Holy Spirit will bring her into the fold. Pray for her family and pray for the family of the offended party, particularly the young boy. Let God serve justice and let the light of Christ shine out in you. Pray for me and for each other. Lift up God in praise and worship to a level you have never done before. None of us deserve His love or mercy. We all deserve to rot in Hell, but praise God for His undying love and mercy.
For some festive fun, the Hilton Arc de Triomphe has installed a Tattinger sponsored ephemeral champagne bar in their courtyard. From 1 December to 15 January guests can enjoy swank sipping inside a snow globe.
that you don't need the outer conditions to change in
Odd name for the first post on a new blog, isn’t it? After all, I’m typing these words on yet another electronic device, right? Sending them out into a mysterious, virtual reality created by the technology of our day…
1 teaspoon fresh thyme
It's Thanksgiving week and so I am of course like many of you, reflecting on my blessings. I am grateful for the obvious and most important: a loving God, good health, a warm home, good family/friends, and security. But I am especially grateful for time.
As soon as people knew my daughter was expecting, I was bombarded with advice from my well meaning friends—even those who weren’t yet grandparents. “The best way to avoid getting on the nerves of your daughter and son-in-law is to not say anything. Ever.” Or “You’d better pick your nickname or you’ll be stuck with something hideous, like MooMoo Cow.”
There is no modern slavery
I think the gay men of the London media set (and their equivalents like Dan Savage and Andrew Sullivan in America) are feeling very insecure at the moment, bless them. Because the fact is people don't care as much as they used to about who has sex with whom, and how. We actually live in quite open-minded times, and this is not very good for gay men's sense of being special and specially oppressed. I love the word queer too but that is too subversive for many. And Suzanne Moore actually wrote to me once saying that 'queer bollox' (sic) belonged in the 90s where it came from.
“Keep your hands off me!” screamed Olivia. With that, Olivia picked up her orange juice and threw it in Andy’s face.
I love this Insurgent cover as it's just so incredibly close to the US Divergent cover and I love that! I love how it has the Amity symbol on it and when I saw it, it definitely got me thinking well Amity must be important to the book right? What's going to happen?
So I’ve thought about that many times. I’m in the Big Thicket and these things show up and they come after me—what do I do? Do I take out my shotgun and shoot them? Well, then we’re not gonna—there won’t be any contact. And I think that may be what’s happening with these attacks, with these things showing up. I’ve got several stories, some of them right on Bragg Road itself, where they would show up.
take the beets out of the foil, leave to cool a bit so you can handle them, then slide them right out of their skins. cut the beets in bite-sized pieces and put them into a bowl.
For most of the pregnancy, I had been obsessed with this date, I knew something would happen on the 7th. In the week leading up to it I started to have practice contractions and felt a sense of excitement looming in the near distance. I vigorously cleaned the apartment over and over, I cooked enough vegetable curry to feed an army and spent hours rolling back and forth on my newly purchased birthing ball telling the baby to turn his fat butt over while watching shitty American TV shows and ignoring the fact I could barely move from the pelvic pain. He was near......and so, as my eyes popped open on the 7th, I knew immediately that I was in early labor. The contractions were still mild enough to do housework throughout but I sensed a pattern starting. I skyped with NY friends and family all day and each time a contraction came, I laughed through it with a giddy feeling of FINALLY this show was on the road. FB and I watched movies all night and as the contractions got stronger throughout the night, I tried to get some sleep as I knew it would be tomorrow. He's coming tomorrow. BRING FORTH THE SPAAAAAAAAAWN!! (CHOOCHOO! lightning bolts)
People’s Brewing - Hopkilla, West Lafayette
Of course it is nothing near as good as GWTW but nothing will ever beat that anyway.
And there's more! Sharon, who I first became acquainted with through her incredible blog, asked us if we wanted to join her and her husband Jeff for lunch and a visit to a local flower and garden shop that she had been meaning to visit.
In the morning we all got dressed, took a peek at the Christmas magic, ate breakfast, and headed off to sacrament meeting.
Associated Press writer Justin Juozapavicius contributed to this report.
My whole house smells WONDERFUL! We had a REALLY nice day for an Ohio winter today. 63 degrees and some sunshine!! What a rare treat!
Price: 5/5 – $1 per person
Columbus Day
Suddenly, I was inspired by a new family and friends rule. I threw it out to the girls and we all agreed it was an awesome rule:
If you focus and work hard at the task at hand, it seems to fall into place. Focus and work hard at cleaning and organizing the house. Focus and work hard when it is time to fix meals. When family, friends, neighbors and loved ones need you, focus and give them quality time.
NOTE: A wise son maketh a glad father but a foolish man despiseth his mother
Plan B is this: I’ll go to a place of ill-repute (probably my grandkids will know some) and score a whole lot of hard drugs. Then I will go on a massive bender. Come to think of it, I’m kind of looking forward to my 90s….
As I read Enchanted, I felt giddy each time I noticed the sly little ways that Alethea would throw in her fairy tale references. Oftentimes you can tell when they are included “just for fun”, but at other times the references are an integral part of the overall story. Regardless, it’s fun to see how many references you can spot while reading.
Bob Stark returns to Denver after 18 years in SE Asia to discover that the mother he buried before he left is dead again. At her new funeral, he sees . . . himself. Is his other self a hoaxer, or is something more sinister going on?
Michelle and I always draw a lot of attention in public spaces.... I am pretty sure it's because we have 8 children between us.... Left to Right : Dexter, Miles, Eddie, Zoe, Alli, Allie, Geneva, Maggie.
What difference does it make whether you choose someone of the same or opposite sex for a spiritual companion?
For the one really weird guy, and you don’t need to turn around sir, it’s you, and the two, no wait, ninety-three lesbians still reading this tome, let’s go ahead and look at, and play with, the word naughty.
Urine therapy has been touted as a remedy for a long list of ailments, including multiple sclerosis, colitis, lupus, rheumatoid arthritis, cancer, hepatitis,hyperactivity, psoriasis, eczema, diabetes, herpes, mononucleosis, and adrenal failure. It is a commonly used treatment for snakebites and bee and jellyfish stings.
This home was built in 2005 on half acre private lot, fenced back yard in Fairfax County and within Top-Rated Robinson High School district.
‘Is the game too simple then?’
Ron Paul has helped many people see the man behind the curtain, and we see now that when the government offers to take care of us, it’s offering us slavery, not salvation. People today are a lot less likely to believe that state intervention is a good way to solve our problems. We are a lot more aware of the shortcomings of the Federal Reserve system, Fiat money, the problem of regulatory capture, the law of unintended consequences and so forth. And unlike the Soviet Union, people in America understand, at least in principle, the value of freedom, liberty, self determination, and self responsibility. As Americans, we have the narrative of the constitution to fall back on. But more importantly, the Church is still strong in America, which means that as other institutions fail, many of us will be looking to the Word of God and to our Pastors and Elders to make sense of it all, and plot a course forward.
But there I was, wanting to fight, like I used to, and not caring that we'd get thrown out, our night would end, and who knows, I might go to jail. And if you go to jail in New Orleans during Mardi Gras, they don't let you out until it's all over, so I could have sat in jail for three days because I wanted to punch some one out.
Shoes and bag: thrifted
Remove the sausage and shrimp into a bowl and set it aside.
In this post, I list the Vegetarian Sloppy Joe recipe, but it's very easy to turn it into traditional ground beef Sloppy Joes because the sauce is the same. All you need to do is add 1 lb ground beef to the pan with the vegetables through the garlic (you can eliminate the carrots if you'd like). When the beef is browned and the vegetables are tender, add everything else (skip the beans), and follow the same instructions.
Someone should do a survey on how much money they could save by ramping up their service and lassoing in those straying customers.
Health care expense per capita $3,528
We ache as we wait in hope.
* Pushing myself *just* a bit too hard to get into Oregon for night 2. I should have stopped at Boise.
So if this sounds familiar to you or you feel that you are missing balance somewhere in your life, I’d encourage you to break your life down in to 6 categories; Health, Relationships, Career, Finance, Time Management and Emotions. Now draw a circle and split the circle into six parts and score from 1-10 on how you feel in this area. 1 being unhappy or discontent and 10 being fulfilled and content and simply by looking at the results you’ll easily see where certain areas are lacking.
In the month of October here in the UK we celebrate"Harvest Festival"
Your employees are your most trusted brand ambassadors by potential clients. ~Hinge Marketing
Last day i woke up at 11 am(ya I know it’s quite late but we can discuss it later)Yes i woke up at 11 am,taking my bed tea in my Hand I switched on the T.v Button…..and when i was researching for some interesting news and all…… I find something unacceptable, disbelieve able …..there is a News Headlines… in fact Breaking News which breaks my heart in fact many heart….No,there is nothing like my Favourite Actor is getting married…… or my class mate got 1st position in World…..its is something much more harsh…
fact that you can just smell something and it'll take you
Ok, a while back we posted a blog telling you about our new sex toy. For £100 we were expecting mind blowing orgasmic sex….. how wrong we were….
But it has been one case worker mistake after another
7:40 am: 'forgot the FASTRACK for the Benicia Bridge, went back home to get it... yup, 2 minutes into our trip and we've already blown the ETA...
/opt/VRTSddlpr/lib/libvxddl.so
When completely and disastrously blocked with no useful direction and nothing is working, perhaps a list: First Ten Things I’d Do With Lottery Winnings, maybe. Or Things I Wish I Understood (that could take hours!).
That last line is one of Port’s more famous witticisms, mainly because it is one of the most publicized, as it got a lot of press after the 1990 team reached the College World Series. It is quintessential Port, to be sure.
Am working on getting some more candy together so watch this space!
This gravy will be mouth watering for those who love the combination of hot, sour, sweet and salt taste. This gravy is mainly prepared when there is a mass gathering like temple function or free Anna dhans. I think the reason behind is that a whole pumpkin will give lot of cut pieces needed for the crowd. Moreover pumpkin is reasonably cheaper than other vegetables. I don’t find any other reason. If anybody know any other reason can let me know.
one blue she wore
Since I can't work with Joan right now, and maybe never, this approach will have to do for the time being. But I digress.
You know who convinced me?
This post was written and brought to you by British sponsor, isme.com and its affiliate program, collect plus.
“snip”
Others I sometimes participate in are CPS, Card Patterns and Mojo Monday. But other than that, I don't really know where else to look for good inspiration for card making. I have a cricut and a new cuttlebug that needs to get used....so I ask you...which challenge blogs could you recommend for me?
Our march in London on 10th May will send a very powerful message to Government; as police officers we are outraged at the way we are being treated and we have real concerns about the negative impact the cuts will have on public safety.
Asymmetric HD – A beautiful DreamBoard theme with advanced features.
Welcome back to the last day of the A-Z Blog Challenge. This April has been the Letters of Gratitude. Some of you have stopped by every day. I owe you a badge! Others are new friends we have picked up along the way. Very excited to have all of you, both old and new friends.
Happy April.
And to everyone- thanks so much for joining in our challenges each week! Don't forget to join in the current challenge- Girly or Mother's Day!
Anyway here are couple more video-grabs from the movie, featuring Gina Varela managing to look both alluring and devilish, while HERE is a link to a video shot by the movie's director, Paul Campion, when he, Gina and one of the film's other stars, Matt Sunderland, attended the North American premiere in Montreal, as guests, and were taken aback - to say the least - by the size of the audience.
The Lord is risen indeed. Alleluia!
and go get a new notebook
“I have heard much of the nefarious, and dangerous plan, and doctrines of the Illuminati, but never saw the book until you were pleased to send it to me.”
“Well, she has to have her colon checked, and I need to have those Easter Island heads on my bunghole popped out or whatever, then we’re off on vacation.”
I'm inserting Arthur Christmas at the #4 slot on the list. It earns that spot because Charlie Brown's unabashed embrace of what Christmas truly is all about must remain at the top, and A Christmas Story is a movie where each scene outdoes the one before it, culminating in the most perfect ending to a Christmas movie ever. I would have put Arthur at #3, but the filmmakers made the horrific choice of including a Justin Bieber version of "Santa Claus is Coming to Town" which will make you want to kill yourself. That misstep means I'm keeping George C. Scott's exquisite version of A Christmas Carol in 3rd, and Arthur slips in just behind. All this, of course, knocks Elf off the list - but that's somewhat deserved, as the last 15 minutes of the Will Ferrell movie offer none of the charm or humor of the rest of the film, and quite frankly are kind of painful to sit through. So off with you, Buddy the Elf. And welcome, welcome, to Arthur Christmas.
They have six months of happiness.
I have passed the border between middle age now and being a senior citizen. While it physically didn’t hurt any more than my arthritis hurts on a normal day, the psychological barrier was painful and I still don’t think I have adjusted very well. I don’t feel like I am over 60 but I guess my body knows it, my skin probably looks like it, and now my driver’s license also confirms it. I’m still trying to maintain the illusion that I can do as much as I used to do but I think I am the only one holding onto that illusion. I am active, sort of, or trying to be, but where I used to be able to walk for hours, a couple of hours is about all I can handle now before the hips go “ENOUGH!” My Wii Fit Age varies on any given day from 45 to 67. Last week a lady on the street asked if my husband and I were brother and sister because she said we looked alike. My husband says no we are married but we have been together for a long time so we probably do look alike. Heavy sigh! His hair is much whiter and thinning than mine. At least I don’t have a Char Pei or a Pug dog that people will say looks like me.
Secure leaders are refreshing to those following, and their confidence makes followers feel secure in submitting to their leadership
I’ve read every epic from Homer to Hemmingway.
Rachel Morgan is the author of Guardian, the first novelette in the Creepy Hollow series. She was born in South Africa and spent a large portion of her childhood living in a fantasy land of her own making. These days, in between teaching mathematics to high school children, she writes fiction for young adults.
Immortals
desperately trying to kiss you
Time ticked my days away as the tears kept coming. I didn’t know what day it was or how much longer it was going to last.
it was all fun times spent with her… though way back home we were not able to spend as much time as we used to with her being a wife and mom and a career woman all at the same time, our times together are mostly planned and scheduled. but, whenever we talked it is as if we were never apart and we are again drawn into the similar familiarity of talking and confiding with each other, picking our clothes that will fit the other and sleeping side by side in a huge bed.
But the Best Use of This Pan came the next day....
Turtle Pug
Prospect.2 runs through January 29. The hours, generally, are Wed. - Sun., 11am - 4pm.
LABOUR: scone!
Steven Gregory Genovese, 37, Basking Ridge, N.J.
THE PUNK MEETS THE GODMOTHER: AN INTERVIEW WITH SYAMA MANJARI (LORA LOGIC).
Spanish officials are looking to the ECB to restart their bond purchase program this week as the big Spanish 10 year bond auction arrives. They are looking for the cavalry to come but the reality is that just as Greece has defaulted so will Spain. The time has come for duck and cover as nations will start to prepare for default. The ECB’s LTRO has only made the situation worse. They have only succeeded in putting more toxic sovereign debt into these banks.
of text, stamping, or the patterns on other tapes to show through it.
“White boys can’t roll.” Roland laughed at him.
To join, it’s £4.99 monthly, £9.99 quarterly, or £29.99 annually. Which in hindsight, is very good value for money!
This humble blogger hopes to one day become a true sub-creator and mythopoet in the same tradition that Tolkien began.
A killing sets off the worst riots in modern times, and it is seriously suggested by the authorities that people should be kept in the dark. It is a matter of overwhelming public interest that the truth should be ascertained so that the lessons can be learnt.
Time and effort both develop intimacy. If a man is spending time with you such as
With one-click and drag and drop utility, accessibility features that let you accomodate people with disabilities, and the ability to include photo galleries, video, interactive diagrams, 3D objects, and more, iBooks Author looks like a pretty cool app. But the devil is in the details--in this case, the End User License Agreement that users of the app agree to when they download the software.
extremely on make new one’s
i know that i have talents but am i really good enough? why do i feel these insecurities? why do they control my life? why do i let them? what’s the point. all they do and hold me back. they stop dead in my tracks. they make me doubt myself. although i am worried. i know i am good enough. i know it. i just need to believe it.
5. It Happened to Me
I am reminded of those who lost their lives on that fateful day
Biggest disappointment – still doesn’t make sense because he’s a great artist, and they’re great songs, but it’s CD 4: Making Mirrors by Gotye.
Team Fielding: .975
Nigel Alexander has everything a woman desires in a man. He's educated, wealthy, smart, and all so sexy. The only thing is, Nigel knows he's all that and he's not ready to settle down, no matter how persistent Isis, his long time bed bunny, is.
In the Maya Long Count calendar, each successive age in human evolution is 20 times briefer than the one immediately preceding. I have written more fully about this in Hologram of Time and Sacred Endings. In essence, we are now in the last ‘Underworld’ or world spiral of time which began in 1999 and will end in 2012. As at November 8th, 2009, we entered the Sixth Night of the Galactic Wave Movement – the eighth of the nine Mayan levels – predicted to bring about the most significant transformation of consciousness ever in the history of mankind. These are exciting times to be alive. The spiral is contagious.
On my first trip to the Animal Kingdom, I was completely amazed by the Tree of Life. For my young eyes, the tree was a bit overwhelming and difficult to absorb in its entirety. I was so distracted by the intricacy of the tree’s carvings that I failed to realize one of the tree’s secrets. As I later discovered, the tree houses an interactive show beneath its extensive root system. The base of the tree conceals a theater with a 3-D movie, “It’s Tough to Be a Bug.” The interior of the theater was designed to resemble a darkened cave, emphasizing the natural themes presented in the eight minute film. The presentation gives audiences a look at the animal kingdom from the ground up, through a bug’s eyes. Audience members receive 3-D, bug-eyed glasses, and they emerge from the dimmed room with new perspective on survival in our challenging world.
Here is the PDCC 116 Color swatch,
I was momentarily stumped… I’d never really been asked that before!
As for my parents? They moved in on Tuesday this week. Their swanky 94 m2, 3rd floor, designer appartment in the center of town with a view of the river/lake(s) being a little small for their select furniture and 65 moving boxes. I suppose they'll need to do more sorting before they can settle in completely. I had the pleasure of joining them after work on Tuesday to see the appartment, and help them with a bit of lifting. The movers had been there earlier that day, and so all they had to do was empty the boxes and put their furniture in their designated spots.
I am hoping for loads of great photos and the time to play catch up when I get home.
Well, the answer is that no theft of any sort has taken place.
Self: “Well, I don’t know about the rest of you, but I think the modern mania for getting writers up on stages and making us trot around like performing dogs, like the dogs in Riddley Walker, when he has the vision at Cambry and they rise up on their hind legs and dance around him, is often not a good thing, but I’m sure you’ll agree that this evening has been an exceptional and rare privilege to hear Russell talking.” (Sustained applause)
an end to de la Torre’s journey, and to his life. Herman Gohring, who hoped to find possible locations for gold-mines, was also part of de la Torre’s party but he managed to survive the attack and in 1877 published an account of the trip, Informe Supremo de Paucartambo, in which his 1874 map appeared. In this account he mentions “the forts of Chuquillusca, Torontoy and Picchu” in the region close to Ollantaytambo, the latter clearly referring to Machu Picchu.
Read it. Buy it for the space/science/science fiction nut in your life. Trust me.
Presented here in no particular order:
Yorkshire Forward is giving £31.5m to Barnsley, £13.5m to Wakefield and £3.5m to Halifax to revamp their towns.
Lasting power is quite good, my skin was more dewy by the end of an 8-10 hour day but it looked so smooth. The foundation feels quite runny and it also feels very light weight which helps it give a light-medium coverage. 1 full pump is also enough to cover my face without any being wasted.
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Surveillance for dental caries, dental sealants, tooth retention, edentulism, and enamel fluorosis— United States . 1988-94 and 1999-2002. In: Surveillance Summaries, August 26, 2005. MMWR 2005:54(NoSS-3).
After Loving this so much I decided to look up more ways to use powdered milk. I found out that you can also use it as a cleanser as well!!! And in your mask you can mix in Honey, Yogurt, Granola... I searched for some ones that sound amazing to try and listed them below. Try this tonight and let me know what you think!! And if you have any Home remedies yourself please submit to JenniferStano@gmail.com. I would LOVE to feature you and your home remedy on my blog!!!!!
The standard bearer for the New Nordic movement, Redzepi’s meticulous attention to detail and innovative approach has enabled Noma to maintain its position at the coveted top spot of the list, which is widely considered to be the highlight of the global dining calendar.
"I know you've got a sonic screwdriver, Doctor, and it really comes in handy with fighting aliens, but I prefer to use these." That's when she opens up her blouse and exposes her cleavage.
Enterprise Architecture is a must for any organization undergoing change, and change is a constant. To effectively align technology with the business drivers, this discipline is mandatory for all sizes. With technology options such as cloud, virtual desktops, analytics, mobility and collaboration, the CIO needs a framework to assess and roadmap the technology landscape, starting with any legacy and standalone systems. The pressure to enable new business models, with rapid consumerization, increasing use of smartphones and tablets, leads to enhanced data security concerns; all making for a complex landscape.
But he really hits stride in the chapter on hopped whiskeys. “If whiskey is distilled beer,” Bell asks, “why has an element so critical to the history of beer never been used?” Well, it has been used, just not widely; hopped whiskeys are still a surprise even to many whiskey drinkers. Bell embraces the bitter flower cones with abandon.
With the latest storm that moved in today, visibility was down to almost nil a couple of times through the night. Quite a few drivers cancelled tonight which left us with about a third of the fleet on the road. I was late getting started, but once I got my cab cleaned off and ready to go, thats exactly what I did...straight out all night long!
Work was always his answer to everything. When he faced a problem, he worked. When a crisis needed solving, he worked. When he thought he was going crazy because he could hear a ticking clock in his head that no one else seemed to hear, he worked. Nothing beat working when you had to ignore a ticking clock, he thought. Again. To himself.
There are linens called embroidery blanks designed specifically for embroidery—napkins, pillowcases, tea towels, and baby bibs. I buy my tea towels from Embroider This, and they have tons of other blanks for embroidering, too. I often recycle parts of linens that I've used for other projects—like if I've used the embroidered edge of a pillowcase for a pillow, I save the rest to cut up and use for other things. You can buy vintage towels at flea markets or on Ebay - the linen ones with stripes on the sides are particularly nice for embroidery.
Crown Point was noted for three things when I was growing up. One of the first road races in the Midwest was held at Crown Point on June 19, 1909. The race, a forerunner of the Indianapolis 500, was won by Louis Chevrolet. The Chevrolet automobile was later named in his honor.
In the spring, when ships sailed from land to land, Gunnlaug prayed King Ethelred for leave to sail somewhither; the king asks what he was about then. Gunnlaug said, “I would fulfil what I have given my word to do,” and sang this stave withal:—
You see that, Sarasota Film Festival? I haven't lived there for almost 23 years and they accepted two of my works the first time I submitted. I've lived here for almost 23 years and have been rejected every time I enter.
08. Fog 'N Fumes
Granted I only had the chance to look at one store but it’s one of those stores you would guess would have them. My outlook at finding them tonight looks bleak, especially with club track this evening that I really can’t miss. With the “second job” taking a momentary downswing I was hoping for a night to relax. I have a copy of Catching Fire on the bookshelf begging me to read it – no better night than tonight to start.
Faithful? Secularly.
Look how fab the decor is...
The White House today is proposing to pay for its new jobs bill entirely with tax increases.
Looking back, Russell observes several members of the crowd as they rise upward and transform into silvery misty tiny balls before they disappear. “Wonder who they’ll be, see, and what they’ll accomplish this time,” said Russell.
Me: Not joking.
If the price is zero, then press the green button that says Checkout (or if you want to keep shopping, click Continue Shopping for Ebooks). A new screen will appear with the title of the book you just purchased.
Kasey Crabtree has quickly become a very close and dear friend. You may remember the stellar guest post a few weeks back. She is a real radio professional currently on the air with WNCX Saturday mornings from 10am-2pm. She spins classic rock, but has been behind the mic for nearly 16 years. When she got my e-mail she called me later that night and we talked for a long time about what my vision was. She is ready to help, and I cannot wait to start the next season with her sitting across from me.
release of your funds, which has been delayed by this dubious officials,
Hurled through still heavens?
The memory championships involved a variety of tasks that are described in the book and each of them requires their own preparation. Joshua had what we would regard as a normal memory. He was willing to learn the mnemonic techniques that the experts employ and to bring them to the proficiency so that he would be a credible competitor at the U.S. Memory Championships.
This exercise now of determining whether or not Corona has this mind blowing dollar amount in his name is a matter of high concern for the Filipino people as they want to have full trust and confidence in the justice, probity, integrity, and impartiality, of the members of the Supreme Court.
I realized that would be the last memory you would have of us for a very long time. Somehow, even then, I managed to smile for you.
For decades, Jermyn Street has been the place to find a perfectly tailored shirt in London. More than just a place to shop, shirtmakers with a Jermyn Street address are considered to have reached the pinnacle of their craft. It is no surprise then that Jermyn Street has outfitted such iconic Brits as Winston Churchill and James Bond. With this illustrious legacy, one would think that the shirtmakers would charge prices so exorbitant that only gentlemen with checking accounts to rival those of Mssrs. Churchill and Bond would be able to afford them. Not so! Buying shirts from Jermyn St. is both more affordable and of an astronomically higher quality than buying shirts from “typical” stores in the mall, and no plane ticket across the pond is required. The power of the Internet has brought Jermyn St. to us!
With water praying and call of seagull and rook
I'm often astounded by the confusion of knowledge that people display in public as the gospel truth. It either shows a genuine ignorance with noble intentions, or a conscious attempt at trying to fool us, with interesting consequences. I seriously don't know which one it is. The most recent example is today's column in Die Beeld, by Charl-Pierre Naudé on Postcolonial Studies.
So now 45 years later and the Great White Male in the GOP is all a-twitter because a man of mixed race is sitting in the White House. Well Bubba, it yer own damn fault. None of this would of happened if you hadn't been so uptight about lettin' us all see a naked woman once in a while. Not to mention that artificial standard of beauty that messed up poor brother Eldridge and made half the women in America anorexic or bulimic. Now have the good grace to shut up and live in the world you helped make.
Crime Busters is a skills-oriented chemistry event in Science Olympiad. Students are given a scenario and evidence collected at the scene of the (non-violent) crime. They analyze the clues in order to solve the crime. You can see a good description of the event at Crime Busters on SciOly, a student wiki for Science Olympiad for exchanging tips and resources. Note that gypsum is plaster of Paris and calcium carbonate is chalk.
The circle, just over 3.19 inches in diameter, was followed by a list of relatively mundane items. Upon reading the text on the page, I realized that my relative indifference to the page in the first place represented something quite a bit larger.
Demographic
David Soul is a regular drinker in this establishment, but please don't turn up and expect to see him casually propping against the bar, because in all my time DJ'ing there I've never seen him once. This is a let-down, a bit like when I was a small child and would always demand to go to McDonalds in the hope that Ronald McDonald would be in attendance, but he never was. You can't have everything in life though, can you? No.
Two years after the “Black Wall Street” in Tulsa, Oklahoma was burned to the ground, the prospering Black community in Rosewood, Florida was also burned to the ground.
A flicker of distaste passed over Doyle’s face and Grayson saw it, but Doyle didn’t comment.
Crystal Mangum showed up for an April 4 meeting with the special prosecutors significantly impaired, and admitted that before the meeting, she had taken Ambien, methadone, Paxil and amitriptyline. The report concluded that her behavior at that meeting was very similar to the behavior she exhibited on the night of the party.
Row 6: Knit
The Ju 390 was the modified version of the Ju 290 airframe with extensions fitted into the wings to elongate them and accommodate the added power plants, 6 of them. The base fuselage was also elongated in the new design.
The children of this people
In large mixing bowl, beat butter on high speed until fluffy. Add three cups of sugar, one at a time until combined. Add vanilla extract and milk, along with last cup of sugar. Beat until smooth. Add more milk, one teaspoon at a time, to reach desired consistency of frosting.
I am happy: more far more often than I am sad.
I'm going to finish up the post here.
Today I'm trying to relax a little on our first cooler day in a long time, as Miss Four starts school tomorrow! So with another super hot week predicted and the challenges of the first week of school, this is bound to be one for the record books.
"In this rush to indict, to cut off an investigation"--don't know what role chain of command had, and how chain of command interacted with Nifong.
Here is Carriage House Samplings Merry Christmas Before-
3) Recruit your campaign team.
Another series that I never watched in my youth was the Child's Play franchise. Even when I was at the age where I was allowed to hire out horror, Child's Play was never permitted. I don't think it's because my folk thought it would be extra scary, I just think they had no intention of ever sitting through it themselves! But now, thanks to some suggestions from a friend of mine, I have seen all of the Child's Plays and Seed of Chucky. The only one I haven't seen is Bride of Chucky.
I have been adding my name to your 'Follow by Email' inserts on your blogs.
Vanilla essence- 1/2 tsp
I had never heard of Herkimer diamonds before I was introduced to Crystal Head. What special properties do they contribute to the vodka?
Happy New Year everyone! I just love New Year's Day and not because of football. I just love the fact that I have a whole new year to do things. It's truly a renewal time for me. I start my new calendar(s), new "To Do" lists, & clear away all the remnants of Christmas. That's taken a bit longer this time due to being sick, but even that's almost finished. For those who have followed me for a couple of months, you know I'm kind of freakily organized, but organization is one of my passions. I love the act of organizing things and then enjoying the outcome. When I discovered A Bowl Full of Lemons, I was thrilled. As organized as I am, I always strive to be better and Toni is ready to kick some serious "clutter butt" with this challenge. Day 1 (this is a 21 day challenge) is all about tackling the junk drawer. Usually this is in the kitchen, but it can be wherever clutter seems to overwhelm drawer space.
The old black whippet that went by the name of Black Pudding closed his eyes and then sniffed the air....before making a dramatic pause.
Some would tell her to fight back against Peter and his friends. Maybe they would advise her to tell a teacher about the abuse. They are certain that the teacher should and can stop whatever is going on. But until it all gets sorted out, she should keep going to the abusive environment (school) every day.
Week five: Stress
As Jin Oh drops Hae Ra off by her office, she pauses before getting out of the car. Although, she doesn’t explicitly asks for it, she’s tells him that she’s waiting for him to say it. He says he loves her. Sure, if you say that enough times will you really believe it? She happily walks into the building. Jin Oh’s about to pull away when he sees Mi Roo walking up. He greets her but she tells him they don’t have to acknowledge each other. From afar, a jealous Hae Ra watches the exchange.
My reason for picking up this book had nothing to do with the miracle I assumed it promised, maybe a little to do with the fact that I used that term before, so it seemed familiar, but a lot to do with people on Twitter and other social media sites raving on about how this book changed their lives, literally overnight. I wanted to read it for this ‘power’ it had; at first I was a little skeptical, what if it changed me? Like literally overnight? Would I be ready for that, but curiosity got the better of me and there I was flipping through the pages.
Let’s see…my impressions of the contestants so far… I think Avery is quite nice, but he seems rather distant and hesitant. I don’t think he wants to be here. In fact, I may be inexperienced, but I am fairly certain he has his eyes set on Harper…and she reciprocates those feelings. Yuri is incredibly charming, and we are getting along very well. Cameron is a bit shy, but he seems pretty intelligent…and he has an interest in nature. Pat seems like a fun guy…but easily distracted. Kitty and Harper are both very nice. Matt has a cool and collected vibe about him that I appreciate.
website and blog.
I look forward to your ideas,practical or funny.!!
The BSYO is an integral part of their community, performing at regular events such as Seniors Week, Youth Week, festivals such as Viva La Gong and the Illawarra Folk Festival, and numerous charity concerts. The orchestra also regularly performs for other regional musical societies, such as Berry, Gerringong and the Illawarra Choral Society, performs in joint concerts with other orchestras, choirs, and bands, as well as collaborates for workshops and concerts with recognised national organisations such as the Australian Youth Orchestra, the Australian Chamber Orchestra, the Sydney Symphony and the Australian String Teacher’s Association.
inappropriately bright colors
and solve the everyday problem
In any case, I am so excitied about what all my favorite bloggers are doing TODAY and thought I would post a FREEBIE as well. So, if you happen to sail by on May 6, you can grab a FREEBIE from me as well.
I reserve the right subsequently to elaborate on the above propositions.
Ikuisuus is A Finnish label releasing mostly experimental, psychedelic and ambient music on CD, CDR, CS and LP.
When I first move overseas, I always look for a grocery store where I can find Japanese groceries. When we lived in Virginia, I used to go to a Korean supermarket to find Japanese groceries, but here there are Japanese grocery stores. I got very excited! Cosmo is one of the three Japanese grocery stores I’ve been to and I like this one the best. I do partly because it’s conveniently located to my place, which makes a huge difference as the traffic in this city can be a huge pain!
Regular Beers: Indiana Amber, Razz-Wheat (fruit beer), Gnaw Bone (pale ale), Alabaster (Belgian witbier), Snake Pit (porter), Superfly (IPA)
It's almost time to ring in a new year!! And with that comes a sale!
Nutrition Information: Amount per Serving Serving Size: 1 cookie, Total Calories: 80
New Belgium Brewing Inc. Blue Paddle Pilsner
We started out talking about what types of goals to set. You can set goals concerning any area of your life: relationships, business, personal, health, education. The list could go on and on. Find the area of your life that you would like to work on and define what your goals are.
I'm still working on hubby to get started on my idea for a new wood craft. I may have to get out the whip... lol. Don't worry, I won't be too rough on him and besides, he knows you gals won't let that happen.
Polish.
Observation: I don’t know how many times I have read this part of the Gospel and just glossed over the fact that Jesus is modeling for us how to act in the will of the Father. We know that Jesus is God, so the fact that he could or couldn’t do anything on his own is debatable. However, if we are truly trying to do the will of the Father because he is the one who sent us, why do we always try to do things on our own? I guess I should just be speaking for myself, but phrases like, “God helps those, who help themselves” and other such rubbish come to mind. The truth is, God will only be able to help me grow spiritually closer to Him, if I stop helping myself to whatever pleasure or fleshly desire I want.
P.S. Doesn't Zeke have a handsome grandpa? :)
Big Hugz and Much Love
So, for the first Photo-Synthesis blog candy winner.... Please give Congrats to:
After a month, our club was transformed! The board games that were on the shelf collecting dust were now being used. Our largest, all – purpose room that was once nearly empty was the most popular room as children gathered to play with dolls and create their own clubs and read books! We didn’t pre-test and post test their intelligence, and we have no statistics to show that kids are more creative or friendly to one another.
Easy is the instant solution - do this and you get that - the magic bullet - that isn't always so magical.
2. To assemble the S'more Macarons, scoop about a teaspoon of marshmallow fluff onto one macaron shell. On a second shell, spread the chocolate mixture. Sandwich the two halves together, then repeat with the remaining shells. Refrigerate the macarons for at least 30 minutes to set them before serving. Leftover macarons can be stored in an airtight container in the fridge.
Overall the final version of the national planning policy framework has been welcomed favorably by most parties. With a condensed document, there are going to be areas that need to be revised and expanded upon. Its implementation will rely heavily on local authorities. Sustainability has been a feature of the planning focus for many years, only now is it being focused on as a primary objective. My concern is that economic factors are also considered by our local authorities, after all employment figures also count towards a sustainable future for us all.
Joshua Graham grew up in Brooklyn, NY where he lived for the better part of 30 years. He holds a Bachelor and Master’s Degree and went on to earn his doctorate from Johns Hopkins University. During his time in Maryland, he taught as a professor at Shepherd College (WV), Western Maryland College, and Columbia Union College (MD).
There was approximately a billion dollars associated with the sale of MTA real estate assets to support that program. There are some monies there that look like there may be challenges to proceed upon right now. There is money there--100 million dollars associated with the sale of Atlantic Yards, and I think many of you have read in the newspapers some of the difficulty Forest City is having with that development, so hopefully that will proceed, but we want to make sure that that happens—but we’re concerned about that.
When you rotate the focusing ring (even when you use the auto focus) you are just regulating the distance between the lens elements and the sensor, a subject appear sharp only when this distance is correct... READ MORE
Oh - I lied it appears... I did print off ONE (my first one btw) Me to You sheet I'd designed for an A4 card. Very simple design for a first birthday card.
like a piston in my head
Last night I went to a local Wine and Design studio with some of my besties. We purchased a Living Social Deal for it a looong time ago and finally got around to using it!
We shared this last night at our family connect group, I pray you can also be blessed with this summary of the message shared…
Anyway, I want one.
Paolo Vergano of FratiniVergano European Laywers in Brussels gave a Practitioner's Perspective on Specific Non-Trade Concerns in the Areas of Food Safety and Consumer Protection: A Comparative Analysis of WTO Notifications.
Catherine Lutz argues militarization is connected to “militant nationalisms and fundamentalisms... to the less visible deformation of human potentials into the hierarchies of race, class, gender, and sexuality, and to the shaping of national histories in ways that glorify and legitimate military action” (Lutz 2002:723). Ndé memory and Oral Tradition today narrate
As for the beauty and the girls? Yes, the Yangzhou people tell us, Yangzhou is the city of beautiful girls, which may well be the case. Being decorative, entertaining, exciting and soothing to the male spirit were the vocations to which many girls, from high birth to low birth, were trained. A little more from the Notes then:
Studio Mix19: Glorious Vision
When I admire, marvel, enjoy and respect what God has made, I worship the Creator of these things, not the things themselves. I don’t litter because it’s irresponsible and ugly. I don’t believe in dumping chemicals into streams, because God created the streams for fish and living things–besides, I’ve been known to eat some of the fish that came out of those waters! “He sends forth springs in the valleys; they flow between the mountains; they give drink to every beast of the field; the wild donkeys quench their thirst; beside them the birds of the heavens dwell; they lift up their voices among the branches. He waters the mountains from His upper chambers; the earth is satisfied with the fruit of His works.” Psalm 104: 10-13. Having clean air and water is imperative to present and future generations–that is if there are future generations–millions have not been allowed to live both in and out of the womb. I keep hearing how we are to “save the earth for future generations” –but of course, only the ones that deserve the privilidge of being born.
Buckskins ($5-15) - classic frontier outfit for year-round wear, protective and fashionable yet allowing superior mobility. Usually fringed for quicker drying. Elaborate beadwork will increase the price.
Next, I colored my basic flat colors. I started with RV52 for my base pinks, YG05 for the leaves, N7 for the black beak, and E13 with E44 spotted on for the ground.
In previous years, where Greece had a high growth rate (3% - 5% per year) and there were jobs , everyone was happy.
Saranac
There is certainly nothing “unspiritual” about planning. But, it is very possible to do “unspiritual” planning. In other words, it is very possible to plan purely from human wisdom and experience and gifting and leave God out of the process.
39. Scotland has about the same land area as the Czech Republic, the United Arab Emirates, Panama, the US state of Maine, or the Japanese island of Hokkaido.
This is Olympus Corp.'s infamous"4th & Long", Hail Mary attempt at ummm ... errrr .....well it was so long we are not really sure. But we are sure they didn't want anyone to know about -especially their investors, the Tokyo Stock Exchange, and their nosey Limey boss who the board all greatly regret appointing no matter how much money their camera business is bleeding. Of course they should have punted, instead of fumbling in their own end-zone, getting hammered and having the whole team ejected simultaneously for personal fouls. It is one straight from Joe Paterno's playbook....
This is not to say that all Ns make great leaders. In fact, the shortcomings of Ns can cause folks to lose faith in the vision very quickly. Under an underdeveloped N leader, a team can dissolve pretty easily.
Notice how the BBC uses the word “facts” in relation to Christian prejudice and discrimination, but replaced it with “arguments” with regard to Islam.
The first batch of cookies I made were supposed to be Cranberry Nut Pinwheels. The dough was too sticky and hard to work with, but I thought it would be better after it chilled. It was, but only slightly. My cookies expanded very little, and never became larger than a half dollar. And the cranberry nut filling just kind of melted into the dough. They ended up looking like this:
Home ownership isn’t for everyone. It’s definitely a long-term commitment. The prices of homes increase over the years, but usually at a slow rate. With all the financing, closing costs and other expenses associated with owning a home, you’ll probably lose money if you sell in less than five years.
First let us look at Judges 9:22-25 (NASB):
Metallica Sad but true US
Kiitos Johanna!
As has been reported, the state Department of Environmental Conservation is currently investigating whether to classify the property on the Queens-Brooklyn border, which contains three basins, as wetlands. Doing so would complicate the Parks Department’s proposed plans for the site, which range from keeping it entirely natural to building ball fields in one of the basins.
Syncretism (note, not eclecticism–they’re not the same!) often occurs when religions come into contact with one another, particularly during periods of increased intercultural communication. This session will examine the historical cultus of several “super-syncretistic” deities (including Serapis, Isis, Hekate, Mithras, Sabazios, and Antinous), as well as the general theology of polytheistic syncretism, drawing on Edward Butler’s model of “polycentric polytheism,” as well as other concepts.
so I figured I had to give it a go.
I heard this week of another unfairness, an amputee was refused a blue-badge enabling her to park in a disabled parking bay, whilst scores of newcomers literally jump over the indigenous obtaining our assets, my great, great, friend and one-time nationalist, a man who has paid and paid again into the system cannot claim disabled living allowance, this when he is in great pain and he cannot walk far and till he is better, work is out of the question. Yet denied he is and so he must flounder in great poverty whilst seemingly all around seize that which workers such as him have put into the pot, he has no interest in nationalism now, he believes the battle lost and the disparate parties laughable ,he sees the rise of the other upon the street and the abject and unremitting lack of contestation and indeed he sees the poverty of the people and the expanding wealth of the rich and he hates it, for him people friendly socialism has a little place although he recognises that the group is lost.
I thought that they were both creative and fun suggestions to a problem we all face in the slow, transitional bits of our writing. It got me thinking: Wouldn't it be fun to have a topic that you went to in those situations? A topic that you pull out of your bag of tricks to make your characters get their butts moving? My current project is a MG fantasy, so I don't think a shower would be quite appropriate for them. Disneyland might be good, but I think I'd like to come up with something completely different.
He said, ‘let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, neither with the leaven of malice and wickedness; but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth’.
Imagine you are driving your car and stop because the light just turned red. Imagine that before it turns green you go blind. Imagine that this doesn’t only happen to you but it starts happening to everybody around you. This is the story of Blindness, one of Saramago’s most popular novels.
God would not waste His time on us if we were dying, would He?
When I find a product to be excellent, I tend to remain loyal. I may try others, but I return to the one which continues to prove it’s excellence year after year. Despite more costly products I’ve tried as samples, Cetaphil Gentle Skin Cleanser has been my cleanser of choice for many years. I’ve tried a generic brand from CVS and found it to be much more slimy and thick than the real thing and gave it away to a less scrutinizing customer.
The Fitness Retreat Team
More a preview of a piece I’m preparing on my single-speed experiences. Shortly before going on holiday recently I changed the rear sprocket on my bike to give me a lower ratio as my destination was quite hilly. After packing the car there wasn’t room for the bike so I left it behind, but I had been riding it to and from work with the lower gear and I’ve continued to do so until tonight when, after a ride home with a tail wind and having pedaled like a hamster in a wheel, I decided enough was enough and stuck original higher ratio cog back on.
The purple tank peeking out is also new. It still had the tags on it - it was $15.
I’ve been reading, a pile of knowledge
Best moment this week: Buying a NEW MATTRESS and GETTING IT TODAY!!! I am so pumped for the most incredible night's sleep tonight!!
The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for individual advice regarding your own situation. Please do not send any confidential information to the Oregon Justice Resource Center until you have received written acceptance from the Oregon Justice Resource Center of any legal services of any legal services you may request. Please do not reveal, discuss, or post any information about your case or legal problems in the comments section or any where else on this blog. Any communication with the Oregon Justice Resource Center through this blog does not create an attorney client relationship and your communications are not protected.
have a dialogue to try to solve all our problems and to normalize
The other remake that made the news was the casting Chloe Moretz to play the lead in of a remake/re-imagining of the Stephen King story Carrie. I’m not very enthusiastic about this one because I don’t see there being any more to the story than what we got in Brain de Palma’s original version. Maybe it will be closer to the book but even if that’s so it would not mean that the film will be any better so I will just wait and see the film when its finished
*The Riot Squad signals the truck driver to dump the load.*
Who were the Hebrews descended from?
It was a beautiful, sunny morning with little wind. Beautiful running weather. My marathon went pretty well for the first 20 miles. I hit 20 miles at 2:57. Not fast, but not terrible either. I'd been having twinges of cramps but was able to keep running through them. After 20, things went downhill. By 21 miles, I was cramping regularly. By 22 I was doing a fair amount of walking and a lot of stopping to try to massage out my leg cramps, predominantly in my adductors and hamstrings. They were relentless. I'd never had to stop so many times. I walked most of the last 3 miles. Mile 25 was 16:51 and mile 26 was 19:21. OUCH. Literally. I was moaning and crying even. The adductor cramps are so incredibly painful. Many people stopped to see if I was OK, or needed transport to the finish. Beth Wengler came by several times on her bike to give me water. A stranger gave me his water bottle. Then another stranger gave me water from a bottle they were carrying. I had no idea who'd drank from these bottles but I didn't care. I was really warm, had stopped sweating, had salt stains all over my clothes and was dearly wishing I'd had my electrolytes. Kate Adams came by in the last mile and had a bag of coarse salt which she shared with me. (Salt tasted great.) Twice, when I was unable to move either leg due to several muscles in each leg spasming, I didn't think I'd finish. The second time I was less than 1/4 mile from the finish. Right after I finished, they handed me water and my muscles were spasming so bad that they eventually put me in a wheelchair. They wanted me to lay down, but I know from experience what happens then. I can't get up. So I downed two bottles of water and a cup of broth and kept walking around until the cramps released. I had a few in the car on the south side of the cities, but for the most part after I stopped running they quit. Anyway, I'm very embarrassed at my finish time. My marathon times are getting slower and slower and slower. So discouraging. I'm proud that I finished, but embarrassed at my time. How do I feel today? Pretty good actually. But the muscles that cramped are pretty tender as they usually are after such an episode. The adductors (inside/medial side of upper leg) are the worst. Number 26 in the books. I hope I can pop a decent one in the not too distant future.
Here’s a picture of my awesome new boot (the red part is the arch support):
Sons Of Adam- Moxie EP (7” 1981)
Mix the first 4 ingredients for the frosting in a small bowl with a mixer (hand or kitchenaid). Slowly add powdered sugar, till frosting is your desired consistency. Once the cakes have completely cooled, frost the two cakes & Devour.
"I suppose that's right," the girl smiled at him and held on to his hand, "I'd just never really thought of it like that."
I can enjoy preposterous and unlikely names as long as they aren't overly burdened with meaning. To take one of Vonnegut's recurring characters, how can one not like "Kilgore Trout"? Dickens was especially delightful and prolific in this regard, although some of his wonderful surnames are so marvelous as to be distracting. (Honeythunder? Pumblechook?)
Bogart by now has perfected this hard cynical persona him against the world and he’s only here for what he can get.
I wonder if we are re-entering an age of ghosts and spectres. Human history has rarely been without its supernatural element. At times, that belief in God has been palpable, and found physical form in the nature of churches, books, and - as counterpoint - the murder of non-believers and sending them to an equally physically imagined Hell. In the 20th century a different kind of paranoid supernature seemed to emerge. Regimes of Hitler, Stalin, Pol Pot and others - (and though less murderous, McCarthyism in the USA, the deference to the British monarchy, Stasi-led East Germany) - had their own supernatural apparatus, even if the bogeymen here were very human. Perhaps our stories of ghosts and spectres are exactly this, a way that we dehumanise what some of our fellow citizens have done undertaken. One of my favourite paintings is Caravaggio's of the taking of Christ by the Roman soldiers in Gethsemene.
4. Follow The Tune 03:28
SB: All right. Thank you, Lord. Just before we are overtaken by the music, is it true to think that there is an evolutionary spiral and humans become angels in the normal course of affairs?
Session Beer
CARROT GNOCCHI
orna
from worrying 'bout this wasted time
The trail became difficult to follow. Only a few inches fell, but it drifted waist deep in some places, completely covering cairns and the rocks along the side of the trail. Boyfriend didn't want to walk on the delicate tundra, so he kept plowing through the snow to make a path in the correct place. Walking took a lot of work.
When Jack was 6 he went to his friend Michael's birthday party. It was a "fishing" party where the kids pretended to fish in a baby pool and were each given a goldfish in a baggie to take home.
“Really, Bertie, you could at least make an effort,” Reginald sighed. “I know we may not survive this, but there is no excuse for failing to wash oneself after a meal. A gentleman would not die with his fur sticky and his paws covered in gore.”
Silence, then, gives rise to even more active communication, requiring sensitivity and a capacity to listen that often makes manifest the true measure and nature of the relationships involved.
In recognition of this Chinese New Year, Spring Festival, I thought I might highlight three of my favorite books related to China.
The White Guardian set the Doctor and Romana on a quest to find the six segments of the Key to Time, transmuted into a variety of forms and scattered across time and space. He warned them of the Black Guardian who would try to prevent the assembly of the Key.
and carry it outside, with careful had,
The above quote is my post for Saturday April 21st because I think I was annoying yesterday when I was manic posting. I told you I have no one to talk to in real life anymore. Well, no one local. And long distance works sometimes. Just.
But unfiltered water in the region could have risks. Residents exposed to trichloroethylene have a low increase in risk of cancer and birth defects, according to the health department.
It seems like I just celebrated your arrival yesterday, but so much has taken place since then. I have to say that you've been a year of self-discovery, changes and progressions. I hope its not to soon to day it, but 2010, I think you have been my best year to date!
It’s been one month since it was all taken from me
Land Area : Approximately 1.4 H.A.
“Greetings,” said the pepper haired man at the desk as the two walked in. He raised an eyebrow and tipped his glasses forward when he looked at Hornmel, who looked very much like the lowest sort of vagabond. But since he was with Hermel, the man said nothing about it. He just smiled and asked if there was anything he could do to help.
Friday, December 10: Take a Peek:
Their five kids.
The whole trip was tons of fun. Lots of cool ass stuff happened. And lots of dumb ass stuff happened as well.
But today I am here with a card for this weeks challenge...Susan challenged us to use any Cat's stamp that is Easter themed and the cloud border, grass or Easter basket cutups dies
I’ll dilute the muddy thoughts of truth while you kiss me
Mom: I know. I am just enjoying you being little.
6) I am going to climb Half Dome again fall or spring I am due for another trip up.
27. Shirts get dirty. Underwear gets dirty. Pants? Pants never get dirty, and you can wear them forever.
This looks promising, better than the RV parks last trip to North Carolina.....We have many friends to see and many places of interest....as usual I am never as ready as I should be....so it will not be a very early AM start tomorrow...there are some things yet to go in the motor home, like my 3 bottles of wine. That is an essential for me. I ponder after a day of hustling and loading if I will ever just leave without taking so much along and preparing. Throw caution to the winds and shop for what I want...but I am conservative with the $$ and hate to buy what I have at the house and could take along, so I doubt it. Besides, after all, I am Rose's grand daughter and I remember our train trips from PA to Milwaukie,WI; a basket of food with us. Shopping is easy, but Jerry likes to hit the road and go....and since I never know for sure what munchies I'll want, I go well prepared. Just so we don't take all that food for a ride....loading and unloading it, not a good thing. The RV travelin" bears, Blondie, Cinnamon and Louie are ready to go, they have permanent residence in the motor home:
3. Red onions, medium-size, 3.
Of all that you stole from you, and me
I have never experienced such a bad internet service, whenever I lived in France, in the UK or in Brazil.
You can't go wrong at the Austin Music Hall starting with Black Joe Lewis, Raphael Saadiq, Smokey Robinson, and Sharon Jones.
This is a fast, flat 5k course on the Boston waterfront, which is followed by a fabulous celebration of food, drink and music to kick off summer!
I think they call that, talking out of both sides of your mouth.
Occupy Grandma's house.
Author Christine Nolfi is with us today to talk about her road to publication and her decision to self-publish. Her newest book, The Tree of Everlasting Knowledge, is available now. Please let’s give her a warm welcome.
Once we arrived at the station, we found a convention centre, the Excel. “i, do you know where the Aloft Hotel is?” “Just walk to the end of the convention centre and it is right there”
I'll close this Candy at 8pm GMT on Wednesday 20 October and will randomly draw a winner. So, what are you waiting for? It could be you...
Lucifer’s Friend went on to make a few more albums but changed their style quite a bit from the debut, which is where Night Sun comes in. Another German band with a high pitched screamer and pounding organist, this sounds like it should have been the second album from Lucifer’s Friend. Their debut album Mournin’ from 1972 has been described as Lucifer’s Cousin or Lucifer’s Friend That Came With The Other Guy.
My particular balls to keep in the air are: my legal job, the children, the housework and my book writing.
Beat together brown butter and sugars with an electric mixer until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in vanilla. At low speed, mix in flour mixture until just incorporated.
Bilbao is the economic capital (the real one is Vittoria, this was just pointed out to me) of Pais Vasco (or Basque Country) which is a region of Spain I’ve wanted to visit for a long time. It’s a place that speaks the supposed oldest language in Europe and has no relationship to any other language in the world. It’s completely unique and that makes the people there very proud. Up until just recently, there was a separatist, nationalistic, terrorist organization called ETA which basically controlled the entire region (maybe sort of like the Mafia in southern Italy.) Now, you can see Basque flags flying in every window and in the doorways of every shop. However, you shouldn’t have the impression that it’s a highly political, radical, and dangerous place. In fact, it’s very tranquilo, the food is wonderful, and although Bilbao is a pretty commercial city, the Old Quarter certainly has its very own special charm.
The sheer eyeball-gouging, face-clawing ambition of my otherwise sane colleagues has revealed a new and scary world and robbed me of my cakey innocence.
But at the same time, you have to wonder: does it hurt when the dragonfly is shedding it's skin? How hard must it be to crack your shell open wide and pull yourself out of it? Just think about how hard it is to get out of a wetsuit, and then multiply that by a thousand.
As I have pointed out blacks and whites continued buying land from each other…
I will say my life, thrives on pain;
That was triage, a few details from the clerk, then I barely had time to open my book and a doctor was calling me over. She looked carefully at my wrist, agreed that an x-ray was necessary, and escorted me to the waiting area. Just a page read, and I was inside, getting the images taken.
I'm sure I'm not alone when I say this, but I really wanted to launch my own radio station after I saw Pump Up the Volume, a shimmering glob of underrated awesomeness, one that fought for your undivided attention twenty years ago, but got lost in the overcrowded realm that was teen angst cinema. Of course, nowadays, the idea of broadcasting a pirate radio show from the moldy, jizz-stained confines of your parents' basement might seem a tad quaint–especially in a world dominated by social media and reality television–but in 1990, it was groundbreaking stuff. Seriously, a disaffected teen as the catalyst for change wasn't that far-fetched during a time when apathy and yuppie culture had infected the general populace. Spouting a crude yet compelling melange of saucy malapropisms on the radio, complimented by an eclectic array of rap, punk, pop, and Leonard Cohen, a properly motivated adolescent in a bowling shirt could inspire the alienated and the downtrodden hovering around their speakers to do his or her bidding, and do so with an alarming ease. It didn't matter if person doing the talking originally intended to shake things up, your voice was singled out as the champion for those being "butt-surfed by the system" whether you like it or not. My pirate radio station, for example, would have been an ear-destroying cacophony of post-industrial sex music and italo disco (with weather and fashion updates on the hour). In other words, while my station's chic temperament would never be in doubt, its seemingly innocuous content wouldn't cause the shady bureaucrats who the run local high school to loose any sleep. The radio station featured in this film, on the other hand, oozes of subversion from every pore.
Well, yes?
Suk11 is a home away from home. It provides budget-conscious travellers with premium location (Sukhumvit area), exceptional services (24 hours security) and highly affordable prices (THB500 per room, inclusive of breakfast). Various room types are offered, ranging from single room to a dormitory for 5 persons.
Cinderella’s good heart changes people with a finger snip. She got an e-mail AND a letter of acceptance from the college, but then there seems to be no further communication between the two sides.
"Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night!" or words to that effect.
I have been back and forth as to whether I would ever publish this one, as admitting to low testosterone is not what any man would ever like to do or discuss in public, especially as a long-term condition unrelated to aging. But as I mentioned in my very first post, facing the facts, which took a while to be honest, helps explain some things that have dogged me all my life, motivates me to keep going and drives some of my fitness decisions. And so here it is before I chicken out (again).
I stared at the newspaper clipping Mom had sent me. I had read his obituary online, but seeing it on paper in front of me made it more real. Kind of like watching the Wicked Witch of the West melt in the “Wizard of Oz” – all the evil you loath becoming a puddle of nothing.
Definition 2: To Pick - transitive verb undo something: to loosen, unfasten, or separate something into disconnected parts, especially something that was sewn together
We went and picked up the boys from the house, and then made the trip to Ted Peters. By this time it was around 1 or so, so all of us were STARVING. Now, I'm not a big fish person, and I blame that on living in Oklahoma all my life where all of the good fish is never fresh because it has to be shipped from a coast. Because of this, I called my grandma to ask her which fish I was to try. I also wanted to try their German potato salad because my mom has a really good recipe and I wanted to compare. AND on top of that I wanted to try their Manhattan clam chowder because I heart soup, and I knew that I needed to try as much stuff as possible because I have no idea when I'll return.
According to Lawn, the great tragedy is that at least a third of these deaths could be prevented with extremely cheap and simple solutions- breastfeeding, for instance, making sure that women don’t give birth on a dirty surface, keeping babies warm after birth. But these interventions are not high on the global health agenda. “Most of the big organizations that fund global health initiatives still barely mention newborn deaths,” Lawn told ABC News.
Coriander Powder: 2 tbsp
your blue eyes look like holes.
“8. a. A municipality that purchases an eligible property pursuant to this act shall sell and convey or lease the housing unit or units acquired within 60 days of the date of purchase, unless it is not possible to do so due to practical or market conditions. In the event that an eligible property is not conveyed or leased within 180 days of the date of purchase, or remains vacant for a 180-day period during the pendency of affordability controls, the corporation, or the agency as successor to the corporation, may commence proceedings to take control of the property and to sell and convey or lease the property in furtherance of the purposes of this act and deed restrictions of record.”
You:
But you know, as far as the cities go – in a lot of ways, I’ll always be more connected to Nashville and Murfreesboro and Middle Tennessee than I ever have been to Memphis, even though I was born here and have a long history here and strong connections here, including having had strong family connections here. And probably more than I ever will be to Knoxville. Don’t really have any to Chattanooga, other than a family member living there for a while who no longer does.
‘The detractors found little support at that time, but for whatever reasons, there are more people who have come up to support them now,’ said Prof Levin.
All my products, CU and PU are set to ONLY $1.00.
To be frank, this Machiavellian marketing seems the stuff of urban legend. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not against being duped into believing myself thinner – and will quite happily pay for the privilege. I’ve just yet to squeeze myself into an apocryphal 10. If anything, I think the high street has adopted a certain NAMA-like quality – a belt-tightening, pinch-inducing inability to make ends meet. It’s the classic example of ‘why give an inch, if it’s going to cost in fabric?’
This morning I posted about not controlling and allowing life to take me where it may. This is too tenuous for me. It is too scary.
“devour nature ceaselessly,”
A while ago I was asked to post up a bio about myself on the "I am Korean American" website. This is a website which showcases normal, everyday Korean Americans and tells a little about what they are about. I thought it was a great idea and shot up a bio. Since then, I've met quite a few people who've reached out to me since my bio went up. And then I realized, I didn't actually blog about it. So here's a link to my bio.
I say I would never again watch it, but I probably said that the first time, and as the sands of time wear away all the less important memories I have, like my PIN number and what I had for breakfast, I’ll probably end up seeing it again accidentally. But let the written record state: I hope to hell I am too mentally decrepit by that point to care.
Let’s start with Matthew 5:13. If you look in your red letter Bible, you will notice these are red letter words. That means these are words spoken by Jesus. I think red letter ‘ifs’ would be some of the most important.
Virginie Ledoyen, 35, opted for a black three-quarter bubble sleeved Chanel Resort 2012 cocktail little black dress. The tea length LBD frock was accessorized with grey toe-cap platform pumps.
Hope you are all having a great week so far. I am in the midst of getting ready for the Christmas V&H fair this coming Saturday. I have loads of new goodies to sell as I have been busy buying and saving things ready for the fair.
My sil is pregnant and due in May. She looks like she's six weeks pregnant and she feels great. What's up with that? Anyway, she and my bil are HUGE Nascar fans. I think they're going to name their baby Daytona. Or Dale. Or Bristol, or Talladega, or Darlington. I may just have to do a contest about this when it gets a little closer to May.
On a Monday afternoon, Casa Urbano was quiet, just a few pairs dining in the calm, cream-colored restaurant. There was abstract art involving wood branches and cream-colored squares on the walls, nothing very interesting, but nothing very offensive either, and the waiters were very kind. Even if it isn’t a Michelin-starred restaurant, it declared itself still to be some place special, with white tablecloths, strong napkins, and even buckets of ice for white wine at each table. After all the inner strength I’ve mustered to enter bustling and noisy tapas bars solo, it was a breeze to sit down in that quiet restaurant by myself. I didn’t feel like everyone was having so much more fun than me. The middle-aged couple in front of me barely said a word to each other throughout their entire meal.
Whole Wheat Pizza Dough
- Saint Hedwig Air conditioning repair / Saint Hedwig AC repair
So I took as many photos as I could so you, mama, could feel like you kinda got to see it!
April 29 – Edmonton Event Centre (Edmonton, AB) #
I don’t remember. I’ve watched that since the very first season. I think because it was easy to find episodes online. I had just moved into my apartment at the time, and too cheap to pay for cable.
I have to appologise for the images,
Zest of 1/2 a lemon
No. I made the decision mid-week but by Thursday my resolve was weakening.On Friday when hubby poured himself a glass and asked if I fancied one, I found myself justifying the craving. "It's only one glass. It’s your only vice. You deserve it” ‘Oh, go on then.’ The words were out before I could stop them and I caved. A few weeks later in March I tried again. I lasted two weeks, and actually, every day since, I’ve told myself I won’t have a drink, or I’ll only have one glass, but every evening my willpower ends up round my ankles, not to mention the guilt, the castigating, and disappointment with myself.
Cults (Naomi)
4. Remove the chicken to a serving plate and quickly crumble the bacon you’ve set aside into the pan, then pour in the wine, letting everything bubble up, and, finally, pour over the chicken pieces.
And then of course, there is Topps Company. I must admit it is surprising to see so much backlash over short prints, including a card featuring a squirrel. Of course, I have never been a set collector so finding a super short printed card like that would be a dream come true as it would mean lots of money to gain on the secondary market. To me this year’s Topps flagship looks fine. It’s no “game changer” by any means but it gets the job done.
Knee highs- Seppälä
Stretches 500%
On April 16, 2011 we were finally able to bring our baby home. It was the day we had been waiting for. Now it was going to be real. I wasn't exactly sure at that moment what real was. I was just focused on the fact that we were no longer going to have to be at the hospital all day long and that I could hold, feed, change, and love her anytime I wanted to. Our new lives could truly begin.
The final plot was more fully centred around Alicia. There is another version of The Good Wife that would have had her cheating husband shoved out of the picture some time in the first season, while the on-again/off-again sparks between her and Will became the sole focus of the show. But The Good Wife is smarter than that. Alicia and Peter have children, so there simply is no life without him. More importantly, he is not a bad man. He’s just unfocused in his priorities, and rabidly ambitious.
What was your favorite part of Christmas this year?
The contracts are each for four years and are expected to be in support of Anadarko’s future long term drilling programmes offshore Mozambique.
Welcome to the middle of the week edition, and we've got some interesting stuff to take in today.
Without that connection it is still possible to be happy in an exclusive love relationship with someone. Yes, you will be able to get along but don't be surprised if eventually the desire for that connection becomes intense. It is often like a hunger and almost as strong as the urge for food. You may not die without it but you feel you can't fully live. Ideally you reconnect. But that takes two and if you don't it may be time to decide how important to your life this connection is. For me it's vital.
Hot Rod released his single "Dance With Me" no December 17th, 2010, to the world on his label G Note Records.
That’s not the most appealing opening paragraph, is it? No… But since ‘that’ movie came out a few years ago, bucket lists seem to be popping up all over the place. Time Out recently had a ’101 Things To Do Before You Die’ feature in their magazine, which made me think “Hmm… Having adventured about the world over the past few months, there are so many fun things to do in this fair city…. Maybe I should make my OWN ‘Things to do’ list (without the morbidity factor) that might inspire activity and adventure for Wembolina readers?”.
Short-term peaks in fires were associated with abrupt climate changes: warming or cooling.
Johnny Rotten/Lydon had on me. There are some parallels
I feel as if I’d be more capable of spreading the faith through lay ministry rather than priesthood. I love love love the Sacraments, and I absolutely adore the Holy Eucharist. However I don’t particularly feel a desire to administer them. I more feel a need to spread the love of them and teach others about how awesome they are! The graces that they extend to people like me with a sinful past, and how they provide hope for us all.
The state has never carried on the nationalizing of industries further than the interests of the ruling classes demanded, nor will it ever go further than that. So long as the property-holding classes are the ruling ones, the nationalization of industries and capitalist functions will never be carried so far as to injure the capitalists and landlords or to restrict their opportunities for exploiting the proletariat.”
In addition, these "Pringoleras" will carry signs that say "Keep your hands off my peanut butter!" and Smorgen hopes to turn the obelisk in the center of 9 de Julio into a giant bottle of Tobasco.
“Oh, my darling boy!” she crooned “What a beautiful boy you are! Father, thank you for this little one who is special to you. Keep on giving him new strength and keep showing me what I need to do next.”
A mere two steps away from becoming law, Software freedom activist Richard Stallman told RT CISPA undermines the Constitution by nearly abolishing “people’s right not to be unreasonably searched.”
There have been a lot of fall starts in the Buffalo Bills’ search for a franchise quarterback to replace Hall-of-Famer Jim Kelly. They thought they had one in 3rd round pick Todd Collins in 1995. He didn’t work out. They thought they had one when they traded the #9 pick in the 1998 NFL draft for Jaguars back-up Rob Johnson. He didn’t work out. They thought they had one when they traded their 2003 1st round pick to the New England Patriots for Drew Bledsoe. He didn’t quite work out either.
In the Tylenol/Motrin example, you might broaden your social media listening to track all conversations, for example, about arthritis. When the SOV analysis is redone as an SOC analysis, you get very different results. Tylenol has a miniscule share — 1.7 percent — of the conversations about arthritis, versus aspirin’s 98.3 share. The self-satisfied Tylenol brand manager who thought the brand dominated online conversations would be shocked to see Tylenol is barely in the game for arthritis.
The schlenkerla has been on tap at a few places this year.
Said from our guide the goal of the project is to showcase past, present and future houses. That excites me to wait for more.
I saw this super, duper cute pillow from darling Aimee at Twigg Studios and I knew I had to make my own! Well, I love most of the pillows she makes- but since I don't sew, this was the only one I thought I could make! Haha!
Tracking a cell phone is not difficult at all. All you need is a genuine good quality cell phone gps location tracking software, internet access, and an e-mail account. GPS location tracking is very commonly used. Through it you can track a person’s exact location. Chance of cheating you becomes nil. The first step that you have to take is searching for an authentic company which will provide you with good quality software. Internet is the cheapest and convenient way of searching through. Several companies are enlisted who can easily lure you by their attractive prices and unending features. But you should be careful to choose the right and genuine company.
Singaporean Dudes can now keep their flip-flops and put on these summer shoes to look good while feeling great. No stinky feet too by the way.
Shame about the heart attack, they tried to revive him but he just could'nt BEAT IT, BEAT IT.
Hello my little ginger snaps! As some of you may know if you’ve been reading my blog, I’m going down to Florida in a few day’s for spring break. I have been acting like a kid on Christmas eve for the past week just awaiting that beautiful coach bus to come pick me up with 40 other students who will all most likely be completely smashed within the first hour of our 24 hour trip…anyway.
Then:
Even without an audience and only a teacup for company, the Mad Hatter kept talking. I remember the old days, he said to no one in particular since there was no one in particular there. He stopped and thought for a moment, then began again, this time speaking of Charles not as himself, but as someone else.
“Me and the boy is just that. I am Tanya, and the boy is my son Val. I have been a stay at home mom since his birth, I had no choice as my son had many issues. He's almost 4 now. Having ADHD and him as well, life can be very interesting…like many high needs kids needs alot of 1 on 1.
I was interested in how the Impressabilities would translate to vellum, so I tried some different ideas, and posted my results for you.
What a way to start the new year! My Horns finally make it back to the Big Show and Colt goes down on the first series, and my Horns go on to lose to a pretty good 'Bama team. Really proud of the way the Horns hung in there & especially of Gilbert's play in the 2nd Half. I'm looking forward to seeing Gilbert develop & what he looks like when he has a full season under his belt.
David Copperfield
Kidnappings, as part of a drug cartel or as part of a jihadist operation, which legitimizes crimes such as kidnapping and child slavery, have become increasingly common. To convert non-Muslims to their cause, Islamists also whip up—and then exploit—a sense of "grievance" against the "white man."
Men are fixers. They see women crying, they bring in their toolbox and follow Steps 1, 2, 3, and 4 to make it better. Yet, they can’t understand why there are no directions on the Internet for Dealing With a Crying Female and even if there were, why they’re not working, dammit! And finally, why scratching their balls while staring at us helplessly isn’t helping matters.
“Rela, don’t.” I breathed hoarsely looking at the slender girl in front of her.
The Adventures of Don Quixote – Cervantes
The man who shot himself in Athens, showed us the value of the exemplary withdrawal.
Stamps: Tiny Teacup, A Word for You
The third in our party, "Foodie Mentor's Sister", and I practically got whiplash from flitting between the pages of the menu, excited by the creative sounding descriptions. We decided to share two starters so we can sample more dishes. The first was Carpetbagger Oysters ($25), which scored major points for presentation - they looked like elaborate oyster creations that happened to wash up on a sandbar, in a perfect line. To breakdown the elements of the dish - truffle mash is stuffed in oyster shells, then sitting over the stuffed shells are crispy fried kusshi oysters wrapped in beef carpaccio, topped by a dollop of spicy aioli, all sitting on a bed of salt. Unfortunately, the taste did not live up to the expectations built up by the visuals. The truffle mash tasted bland, and...waxy! Scooping the mash out with a spoon was like picking wax out of...ok, I won't finish this sentence, as this is afterall a foodie blog and that's not very appetizing! The oysters and beef were equally flavorless - we understood the aioli's function was to give a kick of flavor, so we popped the whole contraption in whole - as an amuse bouche - to see if that would make a difference. The aioli registered as spicy, but the oysters and carpaccio, which formed the bulk of that mouthful were not enhanced by the drop of aioli - in terms of taste, they remained disparate parts - you taste the aioli, and then the bland nothingness of the oyster wrapped in beef. I also tried adding a pinch of the 'sand' (coarse grain salt), but that was also fairly mild and didn't do much for the dish. It's too bad, as I really wanted to be madly in love with this dish - the level of disappointment is similar to meeting a guy that looks amazing and interesting from across the room, and you start fantasizing how perfect it would be to date him - only to find out he has absolutely zero personality when you get up close!
Working out with friends is fun. It provides a distraction from the workout and usually can keep me going for longer since I don’t want to let my partner down. My problem is that I love working out in the morning. My schedule this semester has me not in the classroom before noon every day so I have plenty of time to wake up and get ready to start my day! My friends? Not so much.
Human nature is stubborn. It is anchored in this sensory reality of what it’s been told to think it is. It’s illusory, but nonetheless a very strong attachment that needs to be transcended.
Some days I feel sluggish and like I am wading throug syrup. Chronic fatigue has been my companion for almost 20 years thanks to chronic Lyme disease. Many people wouldn’t believe that-after all I was a professional wildlands firefighter, I run/walk, I went to horseshoeing school, and I have done many things that to most people are signs of an active person.
E also began CCD last week and will have her first gymnastic and dance lessons this week on Monday night. She also had her first Daisy meeting of the year last Tuesday and was so happy to reconnect with the girls in her troop. Big G started PreK and was so pooped on Friday after spending the three previous afternoons out of the house that he napped. Bonus for mom! He's doing so well, he's begun reading the Level 1 Bob books and is making some progress in Math For A Living Education at home with me.
1: Finding a Christmas Tree
Karin Kasper: Media strategies begin with each client’s specific needs and the product evaluation evolves from there. Client needs and products vary by geography. What works in one area may differ in another based on the target audience and the product’s ability to effectively reach that audience.
And in the yime of the zime the time-matter fabric of the Alblackica clock
I did get the call yesterday! You are probably asking, what call? The call from L & L Yard Goods saying they were starting their Buck A Block. The first blocks were ready to pick up as well as the finishing kits. So I had to hurry down there yesterday to pick that up. I haven't started on them yet, there are 2 each month, because I am still working on those Log Cabin blocks. Getting closer though.
Lynn Redgrave (Gods and Monsters)
07. Red Rat - Mix Up Melissa
Seller Info: T26
My sister lived in the seaside town of Lossiemouth and she'd asked me to pick up my nephew Derek (who was 5) from school and take him back to our Mum's house.
I have never come across this story before. Wow! So much truth and inspiration in it; let’s take a look:
I am angry.
by Cookin' Cowgirl
Buy the Zeiss 2,8/21 from;
Well, the story doesn't end there. After the thrush had been gone for a month or so, I started to slip. Sometimes I would forget to take the vinegar, probiotics or flax seed. I stayed pretty true to the food at meal time, but I started to sneak an illicit snack in the afternoons. I started a little ritual of a pastry and a decaf coffee in the late afternoon. It gave me something to look forward to, and seemed to help ground me in this new, unfamiliar landscape. It was my secret little treat. To top it all off, I devoured a box of homemade peppermint bark sent to us by NYC friends in just two days. Of course, my body was on to my secret. I started to develop dry, itchy red patches of skin at my hairline and behind my ears (I'm sure a doctor would diagnose it as either eczema or psoriasis). I have had a lifelong battle with dandruff and itchy scalp, but this was much worse. I knew the pastries had to go, and I had to become more serious about ditching the sugar and the grain. A couple of weeks back on the wagon, and the patches are gone.
Prepare your 20cm tin see above.
The “ongoing colonisation of occupied Palestinian land” must be the most useless and pathetic colonisation in history, since Israel has not built any new settlements since the 1990s. As for Apartheid, we’ve been over all that before many times on this blog. Elder of Ziyon also has an excellent series of posters demonstrating how false this analogy is.
Bang! Loss of Job and moving after 20 years of marriage
CD: Where did you grow up and where did you go to school and college?
to preach good news to the poor.
Dear Readers, If you have felt this, please feel free to let me know. Because at the alarming rate I seem to be traveling It would be nice to know that I am not alone in this endless pursuit of what ? I can only call it something better something more, a life to lead, a career to be proud of and in turn some reward for the work I put into life, at the speed I consume life.
When is not mosquitoes attacking, is peas tins, when is not peas tins is Muslims in fake assassination attempts, and when is not Muslims, is journalists who refuse to do more analysis in their pieces!
When in my mind your lips touch my lips
Justin Wolfers, the assistant professor of business and public policy at The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, who conducted the survey, tried to explain the matter to one of our reporters. Here’s the transcript:
The freebie this month is Mo Stooge and here is what I created using the freebie image:
And I know that holiday movies are no vacation time for these boneheads to take a break and give their crayons a cooling-off period. So why not display some of what makes the holiday not very merry at all?
626-449-2742
Anna was a private person, accept she needed to write everything that happened in her life from how many times they’d made her yell, to how she would cry herself to sleep at the pains in her stomach when she didn’t get what she wanted, what she craved the most off them. And now her mum knew too, probably the stuff she couldn’t even remember, she wanted to scream at her and tell her that she was no longer her little girl – she’d done, and seen many things that would have easily reaffirmed that but she didn’t have the energy to stand and argue. Her thoughts were occupied with brown eyes, and teasing hands touching parts that tingled. Instead she locked her self in her room, climbed into bed and fell in to a long sleep, she woke in the morning to find a note on her bed side table with a number titled ”Help and Support” . It seemed her mother still didn’t knock…
However, the majority in society can be mobilized to defend our living standards in a direct way. The rich have stopped investing in society on a scale that is historic; our governments are looting our services and pay to make up the gambling debts of these same billionaires. We are on a trajectory toward leaving society as bare and sodden as Dame Street plaza is now.
The beauty of the full moon, the Goddess in the night,
And now for some inspiration from Mary, our wonderful guest from The Ribbon Girl, and from our great Design Team.....
Our niece and some of her friends from school were riding my brother’s four-wheeler a few weeks ago. The girls are way too young to know who Evel Knievel is, but they were riding that four-wheeler like they were possessed by his ghost, looking for something to jump.
Because of all this, I left for work exactly ten minutes later than usual.
If you are intending to enter you will need to already be or be prepared to become a financial member of Romance Writers of New Zealand
Medeva filed five SPC applications with the UK's IPO, seeking supplementary protection for DTPa-IPV/HIB vaccines covering diphtheria (D), tetanus (T), whooping cough (Pa), poliomyelitis (IPV) and/or meningitis (Haemophilus influenzae, also known as ‘HIB’). In support of those applications, Medeva submitted marketing authorisations (MAs) granted by the French, German and UK authorities for a range of medicinal products each of which contained, in addition to the combination of pertactin and filamentous haemagglutinin, between eight and 11 other active ingredients.
e = a b d g
no piercings of any kind
- Friends/Family success
Cutaneous field stimulation (CFS) was found to safely relieve experimentally induced itching for a longer time period than TENS. CFS electrically stimulates nerves in the skin to harmlessly mimic scratching and inhibit the itch sensation.
He replied: “Soo where did you and your friend follow me from…?”, to which I assured him; “Ha, I didn’t follow you (that would be creepy), you were behind me, I guess you live on the same street as her. Anyway, she’s crazy, sorry again!”
1. I always forget to send cards even though I make a ton of them!!!
TIGHT-ARSED blokes: Only date girls called Natalie, Carol, Holly or Eve. Chances are their birthday is around Christmas and you won't have to shell out for a present until then, by which time they will have chucked you.
I pour milk in cup, he pours milk in bowl and proceeds to whisk...I think we are done...I am wrong!
**Sometimes he tries to talk so old... but he's just not. "Being great means being really good at something... like caring... or being able to carry 4 things at once."
Fury: Miranda Lambert has taken to Twitter to blast Chris Brown after his appearance at the Grammys
The deal is, you purchase the chocolates at a heavily discounted (set) price and then you get to keep the profits from every box. For example, there are 24 blocks of chocolate in a Dairy Milk Box. They are $2.50 to sell, however you pay Cadbury $1.25 per block. Therefore, at the end of the day, you get $30, and they get $30. Do as I have done and sell 40 of these, and there is $1200 in the bank.
As these and a multitude of other familiar comforts have slotted into their usual places, I have happily given in to mishy-mashy sentimentality. Oh come all ye ghosties, joyful and triumphant.
- him and me -
Crayon. (cray-on)
I am thinking, if you dislike reading, you are not going to own an eReader or eReader apps on your tablet. I mean, if you don’t like reading, why would you get a kindle app on your tablet? Newspapers and magazines are one thing, whole books are something else.
I have no fear nor shrinking. I have seen death so often that it is not strange or fearful to me. I thank God for this ten weeks' quiet. Life has always been hurried and full of difficulty. This time of rest has been a great mercy. They have all been very kind to me here. But this I would say, standing in view of God and eternity, I realise that patriotism is not enough. I must have no hatred or bitterness towards anyone.
At 12 0'clock I awake from from a half sleep with a start. Something prompts me to look at phone which had put on silence. Missed call. Was Forest of Dean Radio. Had arranged for one of my regualar guests on show who does a travel feature to fill in for me, with me do the travel feature from Spain. Look at time on phone. See that it is 12 0'clock and think that FOD radio were calling early, as know that they are not going to call me until 12, which is 1 p.m. Spanish time. Just about to try to have another doze, but something prompts me to decide to call them back. Look down at my phone again. It's Forest of dean Radio AGAIN. Answer. Hi Sally, we'll just put you on hold and then we'll bring you in. Oh, why is it so early I think. Suddenly realise that my clock in British time and they are calling me at 12.10. Do feature in bathroom, in nightie so as not to wake ED who is still sleeping like a baby.
I got into the venue at 10am and chatted up some of the other volunteers waiting to check in. The other volunteers I spoke to were from CT, RI, NY and MA - a much more diverse crowd than the people I spoke to actually attending the festival. There were college-aged kids, older men and younger women. Many of them just felt that helping out would be a good thing to do and enjoyed the perks of being able to try beer during break. Others were much more serious and planning on opening breweries or becoming head brewers and had come to the festival to scope out the competition. I fell somewhere in between those two extremes.
And tried again to call LAN.
But tonight I am actually going to update!
The it was time for the cheese course. Picholine’s cheese service is like nothing I’ve ever seen before. The restaurant has a “Matire d’Fromage”, and the cheese cart contains all sorts of interesting cheeses. Usually the restaurant offers three cheeses in lieu of dessert; I was going to be ambitious and get one cheese and dessert. It didn’t work out that way; after the cheese course, I was quite full and just called it a day.
SOUTA HAS FEELINGS FOR INORI
I was hesitant to start a new blog but in the end I decided it was just what I had to do.
Sometimes life gives you things that you can not easily digest.
It has been emptied.
After about 100 days of running Study the Word! I decided to start another website, this is PAD, Proclaim and Defend the Word!
We had that engine runnin' just like a song!
So it means that even if you runaway or hide from God… those won’t work.
Did they offer it?
One will never know the truth, and neither will one ever be 100% sure which organizations, groups, blogs, forums, etc.. have been set up as a façade to gather intelligence. Neither will one ever know which journalists are being utilized in intelligence operations, as this publication suggests. It’s enough to drive one silly, but this is the awkward truth of the matter – take it or leave it!
Newcastle City Council wants to continue regenerating the area and create a vibrant urban village but the current state of the river, with a large drop to the water and an unsightly exposed bed at low tide, is seen as a disincentive to future development.
On the subject - As Scotland's largest independent brewery, Brew Dog have scampered along very impressively since their arrival on the market in 2007. Loved, loathed, but seldom ignored. But then, it's hard to ignore a dog that never stops barking.
Fashion designer Betsey Johnson’s company filed for bankruptcy protection Thursday night in New York, following poor performance in its chain of retail stores.
These are completely unique – I am planning on making just one more of each style, but they will all have different buttons.
Mr Cameron, who had dined the night before with other leaders on black cod with onion ragout washed down with a 2009 Sancerre wine, said that he regretted that the decision, taken seven years ago, to build a new EU venue could not be reversed.
Bent double, like old beggars under sacks,
“Therefore do not be anxious about tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself. Sufficient for the day is its own trouble.” – Matthew 6:34
Or when the blasting tempests blow, and all their shelter is a nest?
the latitude of
Hearts of steel
“No black woman writer in this culture can write “too much”. Indeed, no woman writer can write “too much”…No woman has ever written enough.” –bell hooks
I usually hang up feeling fifty percent relieved and fifty percent total jerk… 'jerk' because I know how it feels to get your feelings hurt by your kid who doesn't seem to want to talk to you. I don't know why it's so much work for me, but it's a fact that I literally cringe when that damn phone rings and that those fifty minutes feel like ten hours of my life I will never get back.
Thursday, June 28th–I went by St. Mary’s downtown, then went to St. Louis Church for Adoration.
That being said, this is such a perfect, perfect moment that I can't help but share. Do any of you have a bucket list? You know, things to do before you kick the big one? A couple years ago, I came up with a list of 100 things to do before I die...MY bucket list.
I loved my mother in law dearly. I still miss her.
And yet there’s something about the ending that feels … do I dare say it feels like a change in the air? Not revelation, not transformation, but something new. Please watch We Need to Talk About Kevin and tell me what you think. I for one can’t stop thinking about it.
Please contact me and let me know if you want the cocktail napkins or the guest towels and what initial you would like.
History 101, here is a condensed version.
May the Lord direct your lives: Paul prays that God will direct our lives, a prayer that God loves to answer.
Well there’s the first of them. Managing my time, especially when it comes to long-term programming assignments, is definitely not my specialty. Sure, I think of the due date as one day sooner, especially for the extra credit point, but that doesn’t seem to change my procrastination habits at all. I really have to plan out how to work on my assignments more efficiently. Something like one method a day, at least. That way, I can get my code written more quickly and I won’t have to stay up all night the night before it’s due writing nothing but comments. I tell myself all of this every time a new assignment rolls around, but I can never seem to stick to it.
Cain's record on private sector achievement is unmatched by anyone presently serving in government, and I would dare say, anyone who has ever served in government. The Commerce Department's entire raison d'etre is for the purpose of job creation, sustainment and helping keep the economy healthy and vibrant. Herman is the man for the job.
Yet the big question was relegated to the back burner at the fourth sitting of the joint session. While questions riddling the common man may not be big enough for our high handed politicians to address,recent developments in the country marked by an escalation of violence that doesn’t have Taliban written all over it is serious enough to have everything else take the back seat.
It can be as small as a smile and a wave.
Two days later the Doc had us getting blood test, getting a sonogram the next day, and back in with her two days later. At that second appointment she has us run down the street to get a CT. WE made a joke out of the whole things as normal.
Felting the creatures in three dimension, or "painting with felt" scenes
8. Beyond the Mystic Portal of Madness
And what is with the hats?
...when I had to bring the pansies inside
2 1/2 tsp. yeast
So Jason and Brian (best friends & business partners) gracefully move through their presentation with back and forth banter about drinking 40s and starting up a company out of their basement. They humorously described the endless amounts of hard work that went into this project and how things just kept going wrong. But the point was that what started as a silly side project became this thing that harbored a lot of passion for these guys. The vision goes way beyond posters and coffee cups.
"I told you, he's already here. He returned in 1914 and established the millennial kingdom."
Did you know that there are places at Drayton Hall where you can stand before a brick in the wall and place your fingers in the indentations left by the fingers that formed that brick more than two and a half centuries ago? Unless you make a habit of staring at brick walls you probably wouldn’t know this. I only mention it because my colleague Joe Mester and I have spent an inordinate amount of time staring at bricks lately, and as such, have had ample opportunity to think about the hands that made them.
1 carrot, thinly julienne
The COP last night warned us to fear the PNM like a nightmare….yet it seems that our real nightmare is that we voted a Partnership into power that is filled with toothless hypocrites. This COP has sat by and looked on as the country flailed under poor governance and misstep after misstep and said nothing. Is this self same Ramadhar who first defended Reshmi’s appointment as SIA head then do a back pedal and said “I don’t know the woman.”
Congrats Debbie!
Elizabeth tightened her grip on the reins. As if they weren’t late enough already! She had to get to the Tower, they didn’t even know if Will had reached London alive. All innkeepers had looked blank when she described him, although she saw two of them watching her afterwards with an expression of pity.
There's a convenient changing table, a handy side storage pocket, easy-roll wheels, a travel bag, plus a colorful toy bar to delight baby. And like all Bright Starts™ products, this playard is an unbeatable value. Part of our coordinated Sunnyside Safari™ Collection. Start the fun with Bright Starts!™
30. Caffeine decreases your ability to absorb calcium, magnesium, sodium, zinc and chloride. This increases your risk of a whole host of illnesses including osteoporosis.
Not only do they spend most of their time away from you, they may be talking about your business in other venues. Thus you may be able to learn a lot about how to improve your ROE by looking at how others are addressing the community.
Since the days of Prohibition, Juarez has been a place for First World visitors to come and indulge in any number of illicit pleasures (alcohol, guns, drugs, sex). It is also the site where global capital has been making a killing to the tune of billions of dollars in annual profit…Because pollution laws are conveniently lax, the factories can emit fumes and dump waste without much concern or coversight. For all these reason, the U.S.-Mexico border has been made into something of an international sacrifice zone.
and then we generally move on to the next new item we're considering.
“Why would I form a trust to do illegal activities and put my child in that trust and my grandmother in that trust?”
Before dinner, Ed and Susan Auler took us on a trip on the Fall Creek Ranch. This is Fall Creek Falls. It was stunning and serene at the same time. We stopped for some wine and smoked Alaskan salmon caught by Ed Auler on a trip to Alaska!
"We expected a government interdict. They did it in 2007, so it's not new. We will go to court and defend ourselves. I don't know why they compare this to apartheid. The truth is there was no national protected strike before 1994. To make a comparison is naive and ignorant."
“…the liberty of the Press is called the Palladium of Freedom, which means, in these days, the liberty of being deceived, swindled, and humbugged by the Press and paying hugely for the deception.” – Mark Twain 1870
15. Living In America - James Brown / 4:41
Nudging has become a gold-plated, jew-jitsu for me :)
When they meet with an obstacle, mount to the sky,
nor pride, nor passion, nor sense, nor longing,
I’ve had only a very short while to sort through the pics I took in London yesterday, so I’ll probably post a few more over the next few days. Here’s a couple of icons to get the ball rolling.
This week we have a sketch for you. You can flip it or modify it slightly, but you must use a digi and follow this sketch in order to be eligible for the prize. Complete Challenge Rules are listed below.
A man - big, black, peering in.
* Need a different color? Buy an empty marker and mix up your own custom color. Get a very pale blue by mixing blue ink with blending solution.
Succeeding his debut album “Rough Upbringing” (2004), Musical Sniper (aka Rappa Robert) shines with his soulful vocals on this new riddim from Rootstime Production (2012). Produced by Grammy nominated reggae guitarist Jason “Jahson” Murphey, this track features african style tenor guitar lines, smooth keyboards, and reggae rooted drum and bass. No stranger to the studio, Musical Sniper recorded this song fresh after his session singing harmonies on a new Freddie McGregor tune soon to be released. His seasoned vocals exhibit DJ precision in a smooth tenor reminiscent of the great Jimmy Cliff and singer Tabby of the Mighty Diamonds.
:: First published in Big Issue Cymru.
One of my childhood favorites is "oh jian" or Malaysian style oyster omelette. It is one of the hawker delights and usually we would order this in addition to our dinner (usually fried or soupy noodle). It has a gelatinous texture and kind of gooey with crispy edges. Normally serve with sambal. In Taiwan, they have their own version too which is called "oh ah jian" but theirs was ladle with a lot of sauce. This starch mixture recipe of mine came from a Taiwanese cooking show. I adapted their flour ratios and played with the water amount. I failed the first attempt which created a hard starch and not gelatinous.
The NNRE may offer a way out of the dilemma by reframing natural resources as assets to be managed for the long term. It emphasizes a multifunctional landscape that balances agricultural and natural resource production with amenities for recreation and cultural activities and protective natural services such as air and water purification, biodiversity, and flood and erosion control. Activities and businesses comprising the NNRE may not be new; what is new is accounting for them collectively as an emerging economic sector in its own right that can help diversify rural economies and increase local resilience and economic autonomy.
I am undone by a pair of lips.
RF7 - Fall In (Smoke Seven 1982)
(Watch out for her new album, which she’s about to record in Italy; it’s going to be a good one).
Dr Susan Limber says "Children and youth who are bullied are more likely than other children to be depressed, lonely, anxious; have low self-esteem; feel unwell; and think about suicide"
The D30 table below gives a list of possible unfortunate events that can befall a land. thoug hthe term kingdom is used extensively in the chart, this is just a simplification and these issues could befall any political body regardless of governmental style. Though the chart's results are written from the perspective of the land the players are in at the time, they could easily be reversed or otherwise reversed to refer to some neighboring land close enough to draw the party to it.
And when you do not believe in yourself
But last week we realized she had left and wasn't coming back
It is a new “double record” for president Dilma, as it is the highest popularity she has reached since taking office in January 2011, and it is also the highest approval rate any president has ever reached in this stage of government, 15 months of office. At this time, in his first administration, Lula had a 38% approval and Fernando Henrique Cardoso had 30%. Even in his second administration, Lula had a 55% approval after 15 month. That is, 9% less than the 64% reached by president Dilma Rousseff.
We are back from our whirlwind tour of Australia. I will be suffering from jet lag tomorrow considering it's 11:30 and I'm still awake. I rarely stay up past 10. I'm an 80 year old trapped in a 29 year old's body.
So from now on, should we no longer assume that everyone understands the basic idea that a ball, once set in motion, can hit a person? At the same time, should we start insisting on protective eyewear every time a moving ball is invovled? Goggles?, I guess?
“Get the package,” said the voice from the room harshly.
*coffee break*
(Apparently coffee DOES fix everything.)
Now, let's move on to the exciting stuff, shall we? Today, I want to talk about caring for your clothes. We all wash and dry our clothes. And, if you're over 35 or failed to fall prey to the current younger generations ( my generations) mindset, then you most likely iron your clothes as well. And, at least once or twice a year, we probably all take something to the dry cleaners. But there is so much more to caring for your clothes than slapping them in a washer and scorching them in the dryer. Of course there is the washing, either by hand or machine, drying with either a dryer, a clothesline, or anywhere you can find to hang them if you're like me, and then there is the ironing and starching to look crisp and clean. Caring for your clothes also can include mending and repairs, like sewing on a button or reenforcing a seam.
I roasted it at 425 for about 30 minutes to brown and crisp the skin. The fat started to drip in the roaster and was slightly smoking, so fire safety dog Abby started freaking out and insisted on staying outside during the process. She came back in when I lowered the oven to 375 for the rest of the cooking time. Abby likes to overreact.
"This is proper minimalism, the art of LaMonte Young. Only while Young longed desperately for a trance-state, MCIAA start in one and work from there...it is so staggering, so mesmerizing, and makes music on its own terms so definitely, that it has a certain menacing, willfully unpretty and monolithic grandeur, like some intractable slab of rock, or a vast, empty desert." - STYLUS
... daylight savings time ends much later than I thought! (November 7th)
“What’s left on the farms? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. Just some walls. It’s a terrible sight. I don’t even go there now. It makes me depressed just to look on it. A life’s work in ruins.
*1 pound Jerusalem artichokes, sliced into water with 1 Tablespoon lemon juice added
*Cheers!*
Arise - Tara Hudson (I'll be giving this away on the blog soon!)
We break His heart daily and yet He still stands there, with fullness of joy, yet I’m sure an indescribable longing for me to just look at Him. I slam the door in His face. I ignore His phone calls. But when I want something I remember good ‘ol God. It blows my mind that He still listens…because He is patient, He is kind. He doesn’t take into account the wrong suffered to Him.
The celebrations and mentions of mothers all around, accidentally reminded me of my mother (yea almost accidentally, coz I was never close to her).
Afternoon all. Thank you for all your get well wishes - I've spent the last three days coughing, sleeping and sweating. My head has felt full of razor-blades and someone has swapped my legs for jelly. I can't blame Toad entirely for this as it has been through his office like a wildfire - I think they have all been off with it sometime over the last week. It's a nasty germ that's for sure.
Supra Pop Impressions sounds surprisingly modern despite being recorded nearly 40 years ago. It is absolutely rife with blistering guitar solos, wicked basslines, and funky beats. On an album loaded with so many killer tracks it is hard to pick a favorite. "Roses and Revolvers" certainly stands out as one of the strongest in my opinion though. Shimmering harpsichord melodies collide with heavy hip-hop beats and a wicked funky bassline. Beat-diggers will absolutely love this one, as I'm sure the rest of you will. As the name suggests, "Once In My Country" lays down some funky blues guitar riffs with a hint of country twang. "Krishna Mission" is a fun track dominated by energetic and driving harpsichord melodies which are complimented by bluesy guitar riffs, with that country twang appearing once more. At the halfway point, the harpsichord gives way a seriously heavy beat, along with a blistering guitar solo which interjects to steal the show.
3. What materials and tools do you use?
waiting for your command
"Give and Take...
Iranian politicians, including Ashtiani, have been recently criticised for interferring in the country's sports. The MP's forehead in the cartoon (as also in reality) has a dark mark, said to be the sign of a pious muslim, caused (supposedly) by frequent prostration during prayer.
(Nope, I can't even try to say that one....) Rebecca too us to that town to go shopping at a shopping center. We had pizza from a "Pizza Hut" type pizza place for lunch. The terrain is so different in this area, compared to Malawi. It is very flat and open- there aren't villages lining all the roads. And the roads are paved.
Bleeeechhh.
Some readers may be familiar with this story as the information in it is not new. But many younger readers likely have never heard the tall tale of a man named Asa.
It consists of a long train of narrow-band upsweeping sounds of several seconds duration each. The source level is high enough to be recorded throughout the Pacific. It appears to be seasonal, generally reaching peaks in spring and fall, but it is unclear whether this is due to changes in the source or seasonal changes in the propagation environment. The source can be roughly located at 54o S, 140oW, near the location of inferred volcanic seismicity, but the origin of the sound is unresolved. The overall source level has been declining since 1991 but the sounds can still be detected on NOAA’s equatorial autonomous hydrophone arrays. Listen to the Upsweep sound
Level 19: MP Cost: 40, Duration: 570 seconds, All Stats: +10%.
Second, the breakup of colonialism in Africa, and particularly the extreme chaos of the Belgian departure from Congo in 1960, led to wholesale changes in the local markets for commercial sex. During the late colonial period, Central African prostitution generally took the form of a fairly stable institution where a "free woman" might perhaps have a handful of regular clients. In the wake of the Belgian departure, chaotic mass urbanization and pauperization transformed the local prostitution industry into one where the prostitutes had little choice but to turn dozens of tricks weekly with many more clients. This change in sexual habitus amplified the transmission of all sorts of STDs within urban centers of Congo and former French Central Africa, including HIV.
1½ tsp vanilla extract
Case in point: vintage-synth lovers and rising stars FM Belfast began life as a duo making a song as a Christmas present for friends. The band now consists of up to eight members on stage at any one time, delivering inspiring shows at the likes of South By Southwest and festivals worldwide.
On May 22, a devastating tornado hit Joplin, Missouri. Millions of people now know the story of Will Norton, the 18 year old who could not survive the storm that struck as he drove home from his high school graduation service.
Here are a few of my absolute favorites and how I like to wear them:
Unboxing:
This sequel to the 80s bastion of moldy cheese that was Highlander is reviled by many fans of the original movie for reasons that...well, let’s be honest, the reasons why people hate this sequel become apparent about a minute and a half into the movie. Maybe even before that. But is it really one of the worst sequels of all time? Is it really such a travesty? Well, why don’t we do that thing I always do and figure it out together?!
With four kids in school, I don't make a habit of going through their backpacks every night. Obviously. They pull out their homework and any papers for me, I help them with their homework if they need it, I check it, I sign their homework journal, and they put everything back into the bag. I guess, from now on, I'll have to ask, "Do you have any homework? Do you have any papers for me? Do you have anything that needs to be signed? Do you have any cartons of chocolate milk in your backpack?"
I'll say it again
And the sleepless nights;
Now most people believe that a great job was done in cleaning up the redundant docks to give us what we see today . . . whatever that is. What is less well known is that it was all done with public money while the land remained
Once the road regained its level flatness again, I could concentrate on my surroundings again. Mile after mile of the roadside was occupied by vineyards, orchards and berry fields; kiwi fruits, apple, pears and grapes were the dominate businesses. I know Michelle had wanted to see around an orchard, so we stopped to have a wander around. We chose one where we could park easily and since no-one seemed to be around we wandered through the hundreds of trees, marvelling at their abundance of fruit. Red apples clustered every branch on every avenue of trees. Huge pears caught the sunlight and shone golden, their leaves shimmering. The grapes had mostly been plucked, but there were a few bunches left hanging, nearly too ripe and loaded with sugars. You could almost taste the wine in them. Windfall lay everywhere, all red, gold and green. The floor resemble led a child ball pit, multi coloured polka dots against the emerald grass.
Pre- Christian Origin
The wintering ducks are dwindling in number now. Only a partial handful of Juncos remain in our garden. The Black-headed Grosbeak has begun to sing. The dogwood is blooming. I’ve seen some swallowtail butterflies, ants on the march, sunsets after dinner. Bullock’s Oriole daily at the Dog Park, Green Herons in the willows and now Wilson’s Warbler. Must be spring.
ACTIVITIES AND
Paul Klemperer! An avid REEDER (who knows if he'll show up with sax or clarinet. Maybe both!)
Get high fiving… and let TomTom help your palms find one another.
-just started fake laughing (anytime anyone laughs he starts..pretty cute)
These are the times when I really wish that farming was easy. Mr. Farmer is frustrated with me. Let’s just say it’s because I get emotional. It’s almost like I can feel their pain, their suffering and it kills me inside. I will go without sleep, without food, without a shower just to make sure that a calf gets proper treatment. To me, it is my duty to make sure I can do everything within my ability to take care of them. I am their guardian, their protector, it is my responsibility.
Drawings for commissioned poster design must be submitted tomorrow and I am so tired. I have finally fallen totally to an unrecoverable depth of tango addiction and I have force myself to get enough rest in order to be as involved in the work as I am in the tango. I ignore people who want to visit the studio, I sleep very little. Twice this week I was still up when the light came and the birds started singing. You know it is really nice then, and who wants to go to bed on a summer day?
It's been about 4 years since I began seriously exploring and applying radical unschooling philosophies in our lives, and I have something now that is new and exciting and has made our home a place that is usually filled with peace - active, noisy, chaotic peace, and quiet, snuggly, mellow peace - and all the types between.
Supplies Needed:
Paranoia about Muslim fundamentalist movements and terrorism is causing Washington to make bad choices that will ultimately harm American interests and standing abroad.
Oriental Context
2a. DB Shrugs 5 x 15
Jennifer Lopez Hand: "Hey cholo, want to form an ethnic stereotype support group?"
The 2009 Grey Label changed its source to the Limestone Coast areas of Mount Benson and the emerging area of Robe just to the south on the coast – drought conditions had left the traditional areas of McLaren Vale and Langhorne Creek too saline, whereas these cool maritime areas are very promising indeed.Intense bright ruby colour and a minty eucalyptus, spice and coffee nose – the Cabernet is dominant to no small degree at the moment. Fresh, lively red fruit dominates the palate giving real elegance and lively balance. Richer chocolate, coffee and spice balance the juicy palate then the freshness and dry oak come in. There are some firm tannins here, but they are not aggressive and will soften with age – 91/100 points
I noted that come hell or high water, that poor overworked mower has to be torn down and cleaned and tuned when I get back, no excuses. It has likely mowed the eqivalent of an entire Rhode Island (776,957 acres, or 1,214 square miles)(No, I’m not kidding) without even a new spark plug, and the wheels are more wobbly than they are functional in a planar motion of rotation. Which is nerd-speak for, “They’re all fucked up.”
Here’s what lots of girls don’t know. Those “pretty women” that we see in magazines are fake. They’re often photoshopped, air-brushed, edited to look thinner, and to appear like they have perfect skin. A girl you see in a magazine probably looks a lot different in real life.
WE ARE BACK !
Prize: Bright Starts Sunnyside Safari Collection including the Chair Top High Chair, Plug in Sway & Swing, Portable Swing, Playard, and Saucer!
During these meetings, there is a lesson — a topic — that we discuss before going on to personal updates. One of today’s lessons started out: Grief brings with it a terrible and lonely loss. Instead of acknowledging the sentiment, and contemplating my terrible and lonely loss as I was supposed to, I looked at the words, and said, “No, it doesn’t.”
..... and here he is all finished! The finish means another goal completed! He was actually supposed to be half a page longer than this but because I struggled so much with the last page I really couldn't face stitching more of the same and I thought he looked great as he was so here is how he will stay!
Yep, you see it now... just the summary and the gorgeous picture of Daemon Black. No words came out. I can't think of the right words to describe this book. *Sucks. I just want to finish this review and head out to reading another book. I badly needed time and I've wasted too many hours staring at Daemon Black's photo.
I still can't believe that America actually voted Obama into office. I hear people say, "I'm going to give him a chance." SERIOUSLY?! You can't see that Obama literally spending away your social security and Medicare? You can't see that he is just adding to the MASSIVE DEBT we are already in? This stimulus package IS NOT a good thing... it's very very BAD! I also believe people are more emotionally tied to Obama than they should be... I heard Rush Limbaugh say, "I hope Obama fails." Well, many people were offended by that comment... Did he say that about you? No, he said it about Obama... why are YOU offended? Rush mean't that comment in the hopes that people would see who Obama really is and NOT be re-elected. The reason "you" are offended is because you care too much about the man and not enough about HIS polices. Which is EXACTLY how Obama wants you to feel... and for some reason the American PEOPLE don't see that! I do... I see right through him.
I am officially hating on the proxy right now. Why does China have to ban so. many. websites?! Anyway.
Every mom knows her limits. Those socks were the limit. The difference between writing in agony over a shirt made of acid and the way he acted by having those socks put on his legs was like saying he loved the shirt and just declared it his very favorite ever. I removed the sock, put it in my bag to attempt at the field, and herded the screaming boy to the van. I packed his long sleeved shirt he was previously wearing in the bag along with his shin guards and socks. It might be cold on the field, and he could wear that under the acidic green one.
This picture is to show you that we decided to let the liquid nails sit overnight so we put a lot of weight on top of the building plates to make sure there was a nice and solid attachment.
If you have managed to avoid eating your scraps straight up (mmm, lard...), gather them and re-chill. Roll out again and cut away until dough is gone.
I heard the same phrase time and time again.
While there are extra steps for making this walnut butter cake, it gives very soft and fragrant cake. I will certainly bake this again, as a whole cake, for the coming Chinese New Year.
Lead a good life!
The price does not include air or train fares to Paris, personal insurance, which you need to organise, and tips.
Effect on patent practice: In the meantime, the USPTO applicants will likely inundate the USPTO with prior art submissions. As the issue before the Supreme Court deals with prior art not considered by the Patent Office, the trick will be to cover as many areas as practicable to minimize the risk of being exposed to the effects of this case.
Song title: I Will Always Love You
These days, Griffin attends events celebrating his work and regularly visits Skip's grave at Los Angeles National Cemetery, where a headstone reads:
Rotated his body a full 360 degrees!
Paraphrasing a friend of mine, who was actually referring to F**eb**k, the Internet is like one long conversation that never ends. So many thoughts, observations, quotations flying back and forth. And like any medium of communication, besmirched with a lot of ignorance, misinformation, and wrongheadedness. This environment can be mental quicksand for those inclined to tilt at windmills.
Real life moment #1:
3 chilies, seeded and minced
With a day of warm tempatures I spent the day planning out this years gardening attempt and cleaning up some of last years remains. The scarecrow came down, some tomato stakes that stood abandoned finally got pulled up, a soaker hose completely lost to weeds was recovered and the pepper plants that look like skeletons got torn from the ground. I had hoped to winter the peppers, but I had to go to Vegas before I managed to get them covered up and safe from the few days of freezing weather.
Number thirteen's always late, I guess my life will just have to wait
leaders hope the bishops' apprehensions will be eased once they gather information. But there's frustration within the iconic youth organization — known for its inclusiveness and cookie sales — that it has become such an ideological target, with the girls sometimes caught in the political crossfire.
Definition of FELLOWSHIP
A flat in Alicante, built to 67 square metres, also with three bedrooms, is available for only 27,600 euros, which includes a 72% reduction.
"If you're not traveling and learning new stuff, you're sort of stuck," he said. "Look at Portland. It's still based on Willamette and Cluster (hops). It's the same (bleeping) beer you were drinking 30 years ago!"
But he lied.
" Are you a member?"
with all discourse and all knowledge,
I felt it would be very helpful to my readers to compile the links to my Champagne related posts in a single place. This post will be that repository, and as such will be constantly updated when I write another article about Champagne. Some of these articles were written before my trip, and others afterwards. The posts will be listed in chronological order, from oldest to newest.
Finding pictures to use has been difficult. With all the pictures we take, we have surprisingly few of the two of us together. In the next year we’re going to have to be sure to take many more of us together. The people in the pictures to the left ARE us.
We got all the holiday baking done, and I passed out all the holiday goodies. I've almost got all the presents distributed for the nieces/nephews, so that's a weight off my shoulders. When we went to FIL's, he wasn't home. But his wife was, step-MIL... who had to sneak in a comment about how FIL ended up with only grandsons so far, and how her niece is pregnant with a girl... okay then, insert awkward pause where we ignored her comment, and then she changed the subject (see past comments from step-MIL here).
Easter morning we celebrate the resurrection of Jesus. We should remember that there can be no resurrection without the crucifixion.
* Copic X-press Paper
Without a doubt, I would never send my children to compulsory schools. It goes against my entire life!
All very symbolic, no doubt, but I can't help thinking that if a White person had spoken of his "community's" pride that "one of their own" had succeeded to public office, there might well have been something of a reaction. Suppose, for example, that that nice Mr Griffin had succeeded in his bid to become MP for Barking and had noted that the pubs of Barking were heaving with happy English folk celebrating the fact that "one of us" was now representing them.
Yeah. Right. I tried to guess what it could be. Now it couldn't be something cynically hilarious, because it had to be pleasant. Here were my guesses:
I am not special in any way yet things keep making my life more and more amazing. I have been blessed with amazing people. I have been blessed to fall in love with them. I have been blessed with a privileged lifestyle and with enormous gratitude for it.
I mentioned in the first post that there were horsetails last summer.
1-Do not act like you're going to kiss him then suddenly decide not to.
... emailed a friend to arrange drop-off of a fruit centerpiece for her running-for-state-representative husband's meet-and greet at the library tomorrow night.
searching for meanings
Louise Altson's debut art appears on page 20 and 21. The images are realistic and dramatic. This is one talented artist seriously trained in classic illustration. Other artists in this issue include illustrator James Billmyer and Elmer Tomasch, known as Tom Tomasch to the guys on the Timely comics staff. Tomasch would also go on to a career in fine art after his comic book days. 14 pages of Miss America comic art and 7 pages of Patsy Walker art are also inside.
The African economy is particularly noted as a developing economy; it is grossly under-developed. The two words are often inter-changeably used by analysts, public policy commentators and social critics, but all of what they say is that the economy is a dependent one – it is anchored on the antics of the West, which must be obeyed, even if unfavourable.
My Pros - It's published from a company I have come to welcome in our home learning library, and it is filled with a biblical world view. I feel it is easy to use and it would be a wonderful way to introduce the periodic table. This book is non-intimidating, and very user friendly, easily capturing the interest of the home learner. Chemistry seems interesting to me now, and that is saying a lot since I dropped out of Chem in high school... after three days. Looking forward to finishing this book with my daughter!
DVD Catalog: 39303
Oasis Amber
I eye-balled the space-ship in my barn showily. “Hardly,” I replied. “Just…unexpected.”
Entries without a link back will be deleted!
As a homeschool mom I get really excited buying new curriculum and planning all the things we will learn throughout the year, but I also get really overwhelmed. After a few months of not schooling, I realize that a regular mom has a full time job just keeping up with the kiddos and cleaning the house. My days become super full and around July I always wonder how in the world I ever fit homeschool in, and how in the world I will be able to do it all again. Often I consider the option that last year's me was younger and must have been smarter, more rested, and perhaps even organized. I know this year's me could never compare and therefore I begin my rationale. If you know me, you have probably been fed my rationale atleast once. Last year it was "I cannot homeschool three school aged kids so somebody will have to go to school" and then this year it was " I cannot homeschool three kids bec I'm having a baby"...I'm also fairly sure I've used that one before. I have a few more in my bag of tricks and I'm sure there will be new ones. As usual, come Aug, I chickened out and began scrambling my curriculum together. I realized the kids didnt want to go to school, we would be out late on school nights with activities, I would have to actually get children dressed and out the door hours before my brain functions, and I would miss out on all those benefits I tell other people about. Most importantly I accepted that homeschooling is def God's plan for our family......atleast for this year :) remind me that come July.
This is one of my latest makes. Its a size 6uk or 4us. Wow, I hear you say. Well curves comes in all sizes and this dress would also look great on a curvier lady.
At last, all caught up! Emails read and answered, FB posts and comments enjoyed, Blogs all caught up. Now it’s time to get my own blog up to date.
Now we never asked Freddie the same question, because it was
Musically, this album (like any other Magma release) truly SOUNDS like it came from outer space, full of weird time signatures, throbbing bass, kazoos, hyperactive horn sections, and group vocals often pierced by Vander's curious falsetto. The familiar jazz and rock elements are still present, but Magma pumps out some serious funk grooves on Attakh as well, making the overall sound that much more odd and disconcerting. Although this is one of the last releases affiliated with the whole Kobaïan/Zeuhl trip that Magma dwelt in for the duration of the 1970's, it is also one of the best.
my feet into slippers
Matthew 6:34 – The Bible (KJV) – Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.
*runs out of ideas*
From myths of the swinging sixties written by Pamela Church Gibson, published in 2006.
It's a good thing it wasn't beer bottles laying around her, because it looked like she was passed out. .. And she was snoring SO LOUD.
For a buddhist, we can only attain awakening through precious human Body. Don’t waste it!
1 Corinthians 10:13 No temptation has seized you except what is common to man. And God is faithful; He will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear. But when you are tempted, He will also provide a way out so that you can stand up under it.
For right now though, he obviously does not understand. So it's up to me to try to eliminate opportunities for him to cause damage. And not to blame him if I fail to do so.
Science experiments may be extras to some and busywork to others, but to us, they are an important part of the learning process. We do a lot of hands-on projects, especially in the lower grades, like making pyramids, making mummies, building longhouses, making dreamcatchers, building castles, etc. Now, some people might see that stuff as silly, stupid, busywork, etc. However, with my kinesthetic learners, that stuff is an opportunity for them to apply their knowledge, prove their comprehension/mastery of a subject/topic, and enjoy the learning process. We make models. We make posters. We create things. We design things. We take things apart to see how they work. We experiment with new ways to do things or new materials to use. We like to get involved, get our hands dirty. That's how they learn best. So, this stuff works for us.
If not allowed to be exactly me
This may be the real brilliance of Sunrise. Certainly I don’t think Murnau failed to make the film he was trying to make. I can’t point to a single poorly made moment. I can’t fault the acting, particularly in Gaynor’s case. But for me, two less famous scenes sum Sunrise up. The first, still in the city, finds Man and Wife gazing at sample wedding photos in a glass case in front of a photographer’s studio. The men and women in those photos are ideals, in the sense any advertisement strives for ideals, and the Couple desire to be ideal. The glass reflects their faces, melding them with the photos. It is a small scene compared to the tricks of forced perspective and double exposure Murnau uses elsewhere, but unlike those, it is (we presume) real, not a projection of the Couple’s fantasies.
Do try some of these delicious wines if you get the chance.
Now, I am in China, and LaDawna and I had planned ever since we knew we were going to be in China that we would be going home to Star Valley in the last few weeks of July and first few weeks of August. This is also typically when class reunions are held in Star Valley because it corresponds with one of the major events, the Lincoln County Fair, yes I know that sounds a little like “red neck”. We not only enjoy the additional activities that go with having the fair in town, but we really like the weather during that time in Star Valley. We love the non-winter periods in Star Valley, truth be told we love winter too, but it is just way too long in Star Valley. I don’t like that winter lass until June (at least it seems that when with the sporadic snow storms we get all spring long). Winter should give way to spring in March like the calendar says it is supposed to. Snow storms in April and May make me more than just a little tired of winter.
Las Vegas Harley-Davidson Product Update
On behalf of Robert Blackman here is the info you requested
Followed by
11) I Don't Like It
Ahh New Orleans. Come on baby. I'm traveling the city streets and finally made it back to the airport. Sitting around waiting for plane, and I notice something peculiar on the bottle list. Abita. http://www.abita.com/ Lord knows everyone is all up on the Abita water, so the beer has to be good right. Word is, NO cats love this stuff, so I gave this my fullest review yet.
And then I found out that he has joined African Hearts Boy's home in Ssenge!
Cathy and I went up to Stoudt's last night to wrap up shooting for American Beer Blogger. It was low-key; just the two of us and two of the guys from Green Leaf Productions, Mike and Dave. We got there at 4:30, had a quick talk-through about what we were looking for (during which Cathy was volunteered to handle releases, which she did -- of course -- with style and efficiency), and hit the bar. While the guys got the equipment, Cathy and I settled in at the corner of the bar with a glass of American Pale Ale and Karnival Kölsch respectively, and started looking around for likely subjects for the shoot...and came up empty at first. These were mostly folks who were just there for a couple beers and some dinner.
Stuffing my face with Brillat Savarin last night was a terrible idea. The cheese hangover is a vicious beast: Crazy cramps and a strong urge to either puke or crap my pants 2.5 miles in. (This was then followed by even more cramping and actual pooping -- thankfully, not in my pants -- for hours post-race.)
I thought I might find a feather under the tree where the eagles sit
Most of the ladies looked to be very fit. Most said they attended gyms, or did what they could at home. I wasn’t sure what I could offer or bring to the table.
1) You’re probably not doing as well as you think – The Bible tells us that our hearts are deceitful and Satan, our enemy who tempts us, is called the deceiver of the whole world (Jeremiah 17:9; Revelation 12:9). Therefore, if you are simply floating along in life without any glaring sins that others will point out, you probably think you’re something of a model Christian. So, it’s a good idea to set goals for ourselves to help us measure our spiritual growth. Not that our achievement of goals will tell us everything about our spiritual progress, but it can help.
That’ll do for starters. I’ll take suggestions from the gallery.
For instance, he is a self-described “philo-Semite,” which doesn’t apply to too many paleos, while also being honest about race, a trait which I have not seen among any of today’s neo brat-packers, and which got the brilliant and graceful writer Roger Starr (1918-2001) exiled to the nether regions, late in his life. (Friends and colleagues have related stories of original neocons being privately honest about race in their dotage, and Norman Podhoretz wrote honestly on the subject 49 years ago.)
I honestly bought this pattern for view D, which I made last October. I never intended to make view B because, although I loved the shaped yoke and contrast binding, I didn't think the tulip shape would look good on me. However, somehow this silk spoke to me and told me it wanted to be this skirt. It said, "Look, I'm a big print so I need something that isn't too cut up. And I'm lightweight so the gathers won't poof out around your waist. And you only have about 11/4 yards of me and can't find any other pattern that will work. Please, give the tulip shape a chance!" Fabric speaks to you sometimes, right? Tell me I'm not the only crazy one this happens to.
And when I got out to the garage, I spotted the trim and doors, all primed and ready for their fresh coats of white paint:
What may follow may seem harsh, as I can say I did not hate the film, but the reasons that prevented me from not caring a whole lot about it are recurring problems in many films, particularly in the last decade. As much as I have read many critics accuse Scorsese's "The Departed" of being a sell-out project where he provided a more commercially-acceptable version of his previous gangster sagas, I have to say that Scorsese's chasing of trends, particularly in "The Aviator" and now "Shutter Island" bothers me more. "The Aviator" contains some of his most impersonal filmmaking, a trendy by-the-numbers biopic with a CGI-aided glossy aesthetic housed in a self-important shell as Oscar bait that I could not honestly differentiate from the works of Ron Howard. It seemed like Scorsese wanted to convey the beauty of flying because he felt the audiences would lap up the ride, even if his direction demonstrated that he had no understanding of what that experience truly feels like. This was a grounded filmmaker trying to convince us that he had wings.
It was the line, “I just don’t want this,” that sent me packing. I grabbed my purse, put on my coat, and attempted to grab my blanket. But the bastard snatched it up and refused to give it to me. Who buys a present for someone and then refuses to let them take it with them? Even when the present is crappy…
An appositive that exists as a sentence fragment immediately after its antecedent noun
(This blog entry was originally uploaded in June 2008, and I did originally plan to offer it for full download again as the old link had gone dead. Somewhat brilliantly, though, I've discovered that it's since been reissued and you can buy it from Amazon here (and doubtless other places too!) Therefore, this isn't a "proper" Left and to the Back Blog entry but a stopgap weekend one to try and draw your attention to the record).
:: played in the studio with a wrapped bracelet design... I really kinda like it... still in the experimental stages though
Seriously though, if the sex was consensual, why isn’t Saiful also being charged for engaging in carnal acts against the order of nature?
cuckoo clock
The temperature here in North Central Texas is currently colder than the northern half of Montana. The last time we rose above freezing was about 3 a.m. Tuesday morning. We had an ice pellet storm on Tuesday, which has congealed into a solid sheet of ice coating the streets and driveways. Most of the schools in the area have been shut down since then: the streets are simply too slick for safety. To add insult to injury, 5 inches of snow were dumped on us overnight.
My legs do exist.
and now the jar is empty,
I’ve only been cooking exclusively vegetarian at home since we moved to Madison, and I have to say I was becoming frustrated, even though I am an experienced cook, because I just couldn’t figure out what foods and flavors to put together so that it didn’t feel like I was eating the same thing all the time. I’m excited to add some more Texas vegetarian savor to our evenings!
According to a study comparing cleanliness in 14 different Nordic and Baltic cities, undertaken last summer by Denmark’s Wonderful Copenhagen marketing office, foreign tourists determined that Reykjavík was the cleanest of them all.
06 sister golden hair
- Lemon and Pistachio cous cous
He turned to me as we walked out our front gate. "This is going to be the Best Day, Mum," he said, before bounding off to show me how well he could skip in his brand new, bouncy, enormous, white sneakers.
Guinsoo: Yes. And we should moderate anyone who brings up the incident.
feed the ducks a few crumbs he brought along. So that he would be able to get a little something to
Trust and obey
48To read and weep is all they now can do.
What excites you about the new Linkin Park album?
Forbidden hits shelves June 28th. I received an egalley for review from Simon & Schuster's Galley Grab program.
Oh and if you happening to be in or visiting a hospital please put your phone on silent - really it is a hospital and none of the patients care to hear your loud ringtone.
11 Biogen - Acid Upbeat
Stir occasionally and watch for the garlic to turn golden
Day 6: How do you answer the question of how many children you have?
April 8, 2012
I dumped my phone again. Just so I'd have something for you.
Right now we are working on our formal living and dining room (I am also trying to finish the front guest bedroom) and so when I came across this in the catalog--(see below) I knew it would be a perfect fit for our 1958 formal living room/entryway!!
Dozens of blogs have joined together to offer you bunches of prizes!
DH: (Aside to TDHB members) “I think a band meeting is in order.”
If you weren't already in the mood or spirit of love and Valentine's Day you better be now! I just wanted to temp you with a couple of photos I found on the web. I'd love for you to post your sweet and savory v-day favs, and of course any recipe you want but I'd love some more love over here!!
1 red (or orange) pepper, cut into thin strips
Benjamin has been very patient with his mother. He can't recall the wonderful room I had decorated for him as a little guy, since he was moved out at the age of two. The next three years were in a rental that only allowed us to live there as "captured-mortgage-paying guest." My creative juices were bottled and walls stayed bare. So when we moved I determined to make this rental our home...and I could paint over anything the landlord didn't like when we moved out...until then, we are going to live!!
So I’m more forgiving towards Suugaku‘s formulaic plot because it has ACTUAL stuff to occupy one’s brain in the meantime … as opposed to vague self-help mumbo-jumbo about taking life seriously.
Fortunately I was born at the perfect historical moment, not only because birth control became widely available in the U.S. just as I came of age, but also because at that moment, it was socially acceptable not to have kids. I thank God with all my heart for the fortunate timing of my life. Thanks, God!
7. My very own horse
Please leave comments. ^^ Thanks.
We see multiple generations of genetic mothers, mothers present and absent, surrogate mothers and even a father of choice. The struggle between Rose and Cecilia is especially poignant as a daughter looks to her mother for something she is incapable or unwilling to give.
Little Miss Adalea has been keeping us busy. Over the past few weeks we have enjoyed a visit from MeMe and PaPa (my parents), having Eric's family over to grill out, birthday celebrations, Easter and many more fun things. Below are pictures from some of these things. I will write a few captions under each one.
“I Shot The Sheriff”
For example, anything by Megan Whalen Turner is definitely an Amnesia Book. A lot of beloved books of mine by Maria V Snyder, Eloise Jarvis McGraw, and Robin McKinley are as well.
Here's how the conversation went:
Look out for songs 17-11 on the “25 Best Cheating Songs from the Cheaters Themselves” playlist tomorrow.
We worship Thy name in its wonder sublime.
Universal precautions is a term I’d like for us as parents, educators, social workers, therapists, and human beings alike to align ourselves with as it relates to child sexual abuse.
Iris wasn’t interested in the baby. She was more interested in the hat Louie was wearing: “hat! Hat!” and she just wanted “side”. So I cuddled up in bed with both my girls, Iris got her side, and so did Eloise.
Does this outfit make me look fat? No, seriously. I should have never paired the top and bottom together. The thick fabrics make me look chunky. This sweater is just difficult to wear because of the way it hangs over the belt. (It is also a size too large.) I’ve had the sweater for nine years and have probably worn it nine times. I give up. Anyone want it?
1. Acknowledge the blogger who gave you the award by linking back to them.
They want to be all they can be, and are truly wonderful souls. But they have missed a few steps on the path. It always happens with the physical journeys. You all know about unconditional love, and living in your natural state of grace, but very few people are able to actually live it, breathe it and surrender to it, whilst still maintaining their daily existence. So why is this? Why would this happen? Because the flip side of this state of being, is the solid state of physicality, which you have been bound to, in order to evolve the ‘human race’. In other words, it was meant to be this way, right up until now, 2012, the time of transition.
9. The Slits - Love and Romance
And I was all "Well Daddy is in big, big trouble for doing that - I have rules you know!"
In a small saucepan bring the double cream to the boil. Remove the pan from the heat and add your chocolate. Stir to melt slightly then add the butter, piece at a time stirring constantly till melted and smooth. Squirt in the liquid glucose and mix till combined. Pour your ganache over the raspberries making sure you don't over fill the tart. Any left over chocolate can be chilled and used to make chocolate truffles!
If it’s a good picture, I use a program to make it even better. I make sure the colors and lighting is right, touch up pictures here and there, and some of them I go to town on just to make them look different. I have a few fun pictures. But it takes a long time. And I get bored. I need to get better at this.
Rachel Maddow spoke with David Letterman about this in 2010, explaining the difference between MSNBC and Fox News:
That’s it…. your Idli/ Dosa Batter is ready.
22:14
Siobhan: “It was the only way to make it work.”
Definitely a 9 out of 10 for every author that starred in the Gala.
Jetbikes---Vypers---Wave Serpent
Muslims are the lowest of the low, they are a vile excuse for a race of people who don't care less for anythig or anyone. The only thing they do care about is world domination and sex with children, in some countries Muslims are even allowed to have sex with animals and in some cases they have had to marry them.
*Serves 8-10, depending on size of slices.
Once the embossing had cooled, I sponged a little distress ink around the flowers to set them off a bit more from the kraft backdrop. I matted the panel with dark brown cardstock, then set it on a cream card base. The "thanks for all you do" sentiment from the Big Thanks set is stamped just above the image panel in dark brown ink.
1/2 cup chopped green onions
Those will be added for sure!
“The Marquise of O-,” Heinrich von Kleist
Despite superb early signings such as Emilio Izaguirre, Gary Hooper, Beram Kayal and Joe Ledley, Lennon has followed these up with contrastingly poor captures.
4. Do a post about this giveaway..
So, finally that date has come and I was at my first real Emilie Autumn concert – or should I rather call it show? Varieté? I don’t know. As with the album this is something that lacks comparable events.
Britain, on the other hand, has a claim traced back to Capt. Davies who visited in 1592. After Viscount Falkland, a Royal Navy treasurer, went ashore in 1690, the islands were named after him. Although a newly independent Argentina opened a penal colony on the islands in 1828, it was closed down when British citizens started arriving in 1833. The UK argues English descendants have continuously occupied the Falklands since 1833, and the islanders have voted to remain a territory of the United Kingdom.
And to help you out, I offer a couple of sources for supplies, including the chair. Of course, check out your local restaurant supply stores for used chairs. I doubt they will be $2. like in the olden days of my youth, but I suspect they will be eminently affordable.
Someday I'll be as bored with my problems as my potential
using the room. Imagine having to duck around the flowers
In a remarkably honest and confident voice, Sarah Winman has written the story of a memorable young heroine, Elly, and her loss of innocence-a magical portrait of growing up and the pull and power of family ties. From Essex and Cornwall to the streets of New York, from 1968 to the events of 9/11, When God Was a Rabbit follows the evolving bond of love and secrets between Elly and her brother Joe, and her increasing concern for an unusual best friend, Jenny Penny, who has secrets of her own. With its wit and humour, engaging characters whose eccentricities are adroitly and sometimes darkly drawn, and its themes of memory and identity, When God Was a Rabbit is a love letter to true friendship and fraternal love.
Their entertaining antics make our job that much easier.
yes, silas is going to preschool!
Travelling to Embankment on the Circle Line I cursed quietly at every tourist blocking me with a wheely bag, saving much scorn for the German school trip who thought it wise to block an entire platform jostling each other beyond the yellow line. I am not you may have guessed a tolerant traveller. Reaching the booking hall and navigating a group of Spanish pensioners I indicate in signs to another that you cannot scan your paper ticket against the Oyster Reader. At this point I wonder if the Ship and Shovell was such a wise choice for a meet with Meister and Captain English.
The New York Mets….
Instead of asking me to defend my decision to not spank my children, how about I ask you to defend the reason why you spank. Is spanking really the only way you can come up with to guide your children? Have you looked at other possibilities? Have you really considered what lies behind your need to have your children behave a certain way? Do you support hitting all people who behave contrary to your preference, or just the ones smaller and younger than you who have little or no standing in our justice system? How do you rationalize the difference between productive discipline and child abuse?
While energy in its literal definition has a neutral value and is quantitative, human’s energy has a qualitative trait, which means it can be either positive or negative.
I have a big announcement to make today! I was invited to join yet another DT!! Now I can proudly say that I am a Drunken Stamper ;)
In this chapter, I am letting the shadow write too. I am speaking in both of my voices, because I realise as I read back through the other chapters in this thesis, that the shadow’s voice was never quite silenced anyway. It was she who spent hours reading the blogs of infertile women because it was she who had her ovary removed in Lewisham hospital in 2005. It was she who first read A Room of One’s Own, before the PhD student picked up a copy, and it was she who first thought of the avatar as her own online self-portraiture, an idea that the PhD student took up and ran with.
So last weekend when my girls woke up and told me that they wanted to have a spa day with their awesome friends across the street, I was so happy! It seemed like my Nana revisited right here in my bathroom! They asked if they could use my big tub to soak their feet, use my facial mask and if I had enough vinegar so they could rinse their hair with it (old family secret for shiny hair......:)). I said SURE and set them free to do their thing.
Enjoy!!
This was the last of the fall seasonal's we had in the ice box. Dogfish Head Punkin Ale is one of the better pumpkin ales that I have tried so far. The real problem I have with pumpkin beers is that they concentrate to much on the all spice and nutmeg.
A spokesman confirmed that at 6.48 pm on Thursday evening an item appeared in the regular half-hourly bulletin that related to something that had happened somewhere in Scotland and had not involved events at or around Ibrox.
A cousin, Camille Wells, called Smith “an animal.”
Not too shabby.
“You’re not serious!”
I can't speak for Koch's previous work, but there's also a ton of action and adventure in Alexander Outland. Earlier in this review I used the word cinematic to describe the novel, and it's apt. As I tried to consider what other novels might compare favorably to it, only films came to mind: Spaceballs, Serenity, The Ice Pirates, and Galaxy Quest. Plenty of explosions, daring rescues, and space battles, dot the narrative. For all that, and the romance angle mentioned above, this is a novel of humor. And it is genuinely funny. G.J. Koch brings it home:
Unfortunately, there seem to be no photos of the trio actually having tea. Allegedly, they did so "with some of the store's staff, suppliers and former employees." F&M's renovated restaurant now has been renamed the Diamond Jubilee Tea Station to mark the queen's 60 years on the throne.
Research of the most pleasant sort, I'd say and you would surely agree.
gifts for the 2011 Holidays. They are decorated with Christmas paper,
Your Word
In all honesty, it's a rather pleasant sting, but it does tend to build, and of course the swing and the strength of the swing makes a difference. Good for play but also has the potential to be used as an instrument of torture.
I have been told since I have an opinion on just about everything its time I started to share my wealth of knowlege. I know I am late joining the blogger world but here it is...............at last..............a site to share all my nuggets of knowledge!
Mrs Angry thinks it rather unkind and really quite unnecessary to kick a man when he is down, and gloat on his misfortune.
STICKY PASTE ON PAPER
And enter into other lands,
"it is conceivable that the copyright owner might in certain cases be able to draw the attention of the ISP to the fact of a present infringement, or to the likelihood of a specific infringement occurring in the future, and to invite the ISP to terminate or prevent such an infringement. In these circumstances, if the ISP was liable to terminate or prevent the present or future infringement, a real question could arise as to whether the ISP was being made liable 'for the information transmitted', or was rather simply coming under an obligation to use its technical facilities to terminate or prevent an infringement, in respect of the information transmitted, committed by another person. The 'careful balance' struck by the Community legislator settles that issue, and removes all uncertainty, by allowing Member States to authorise the courts or competent administrative authority to order the ISP to terminate or prevent the infringement, so long as the ISP is not made liable (by way of fine or compensation) in respect of the infringement itself".
It really hurt, hearing what you said to me about *** running away, sure I can understand that your in pain about it, but cant you see that aly was in pain too? why else would she have run away?
Years later now, Grandma and Grandpa have sold that memory-laden house, Amy and I would undoubtedly have trouble squeezing into our old sundresses, and Trevor contemplates marriage. How pleasant to realize though, on rising slowly on this crisp, lingering morning, that some of that world we created for ourselves so many years ago resides with me--and us--still today.
The paradox of our time in history is that we have taller buildings but shorter tempers, wider Freeways, but narrower viewpoints. We spend more, but have less, we buy more, but enjoy less. We have bigger houses and smaller families, more conveniences, but less time. We have more degrees but less sense, more knowledge, but less judgment, more experts, yet more problems, more medicine, but less wellness.
The fact that I won another giveaway! I swear I never win things, and all of a sudden, I've won 2 in 1 week! Take me to Vegas, y'all! Thanks to the sweet Pamela, from Pamela's Place, who hosted an awesome giveaway of a stocking full of her favorite things. I'm especially excited for the Starbucks gift card because Kyle and I love having "coffee" dates there...aka hot chocolate dates!
When you feel like your can’t serve the Lord – when you’re like Daniel and you have to serve someone else – remember: You can still “stand” before them, and “stand” for the Lord.
... But if all clothing was made of plastic, imagine how sticky things could get when you start to sweat?! Or imagine how noisy it might be as you try to slip quietly into a meeting or conference or church service?
The basement, which used to be a chapel, will house offices and open spaces.
I wonder if Terry Pratchett drew some of his inspiration from the mythology around Airavata when he wrote the amazing Discworld series. The image of the elephants holding up the disc-shaped world, with the waterfall flowing over the edges, is such a potent one.
may 31st, 2012 @ 11:59pm EST.
She leaned in and confided, "oh yes, and I cried my eyes out. That book just got to me."
Spent lots of time on Beaver Lake! We will be going out until it is just down right too cold!! My friend melisa had a bday recently and we headed out to celebrate!!
Her ears, tummy & butt rubbed (I know that sounds dirty)
Now probably the most important part, accomplishing your goals. A lot of people, including myself, have forgotten their goals throughout the year. My best tip for you is to write them neatly on pretty pretty paper in your favorite color pen and tape it next to your bed. Every night before you go to bed take a look at your goals and see if you've gotten closer to any of them. Don't feel down if you haven't, some of your goals might spill over to the year after, but use them to clear your mind and think about what you will do the next day.
And this week we planted a cherry tree.
But I saw your name beside another name.
Mitt Romney. Our last resort. The only thing standing between us and four more disastrous years of Obama and even more draconian Socialist government is a guy who comes off as an effete,smarmy, insincere elitist jellyback.. The Left is attacking his personal wealth and his wife while neglecting the fact that most Liberal icons are filthy rich in ways that make Romney look positively blue collar (Yes, I'm talking to you, Oprah, and you, Warren Buffet, and you, George Soros.) and that the First Family is either golfing or vacationing on our dime more often than not while most of us can't even afford to go to a movie let alone go on a vacation.
November: Our "golden-boy" son turned 2 days after Thanksgiving and both my Mother (flying in from Florida) and Mother-in-law (coming from Washington state) visited a week before the festivities. Need I say more?
The Geej who is only seven and a half years old.
5. Some People Never Know
Women may be perceived overly ambitious when they improve their negotiation skills. Consider Hilary Clinton. While she was running for election, many people negatively pointed out that she was very strong willed and ambitious. For some reason, the public did not associate the other male presidential candidates as ambitious. Although in order to get the nomination ticket, these men had to be equally as ambitious. I, also, remember during Bill Clinton’s presidential term, many people postulated that Hilary was behind his actions. Now for some reason, people saw this as bad. From personal experience, I have seen mothers playing a huge role in the decision making process. These reactions from the public highlight is that women cannot act like men, but they cannot be too nice, otherwise they could be perceived as pushovers.
“I’ve seen a lot of film in my day, but nothing like these spermatozoa. They can make every kind of flagellation you’d want: the ten millimeter out, the deep fade, the ability to get out of the seminal vesicle and evade hostile leukocytes. They’re real athletes, not a bunch of system players” said Rivals.com National Analyst Mike Farrell.
"This is a matter of urgency for this community and this city," Henderson said.
Yes brave us decided to plop all 4 kids in the tub at the same time hahaha.
Let this sit for about 20 minutes. Garnish with cilantro and serve.
If your answer is no, stop and consider this.
Unfortunately that was not possible ... because I had (ever so efficiently) dumped all the slips with the names into my recycling bin and set them out for collection.
I've been accepted to several CT teams, and have some beautiful layouts I am going to share along with where to find these amazing products at! I also hope to be able to get some new things designed for my own shoppe as well, just taking time to gain strength and stamina back. Most days I take one step forward and then slide back 5-6 steps. Not fun!!
But how do they really feel deep down inside? For centuries Christians have tried to convert tribes of natives and poor people to their religion. And yet, you always hear about how they secretly still perform their own religious rituals. It's a game with no real winner. Or is it a game with two winners? Is this missionary work Daniel is doing a curse or a blessing?
It would seem the first step to working on this is to continue relaxing. She says that my ego is rather busy with the move, with getting stuff done. It has enough to focus on that it’s willing to sorta leave me alone for the time being. So if anything, this is a great time to work on things in the background as it were. And as always, relaxation is important. It helps me to let go, to work on my focusing and relaxation techniques discussed in the Breathing post. And I imagine the more I relax, the easier it will be to hear my Soul talking to me. A phrase to sum the relaxation up is:
Food wise, boy still loves to eat! He's eating 7 ounces every three hours, plus three meals a day! And some puffs in between, still working on picking them up and them actually making it to his mouth. He can put a mum mum cracker down in about 3.5 seconds though. We started a sippy cup a few weeks ago and he LOVES it. Playing with it, trying to get water out, and chewing on it.
Russia, China, India and other nations have been pushed beyond their boiling points for a long time ago by the United States bullying and imperialism. The total spectrum dominance of the United States military is the only thing that kept this sleeping coalition of semi-super powers from uniting and putting the United States in its place. The US thought they would sack Iran in less than a week and the world would continue just as it had before the attack.
Good MORNING! My phone battery died last night, out of no where. I left my charger at work and all of the stores were closed. So my phone was temporarily out of service for the night. This morning I grabbed my phone to take with me as normal. My daughter said, “Mom, your phone is dead, but you’re carrying it like it still works.” Before I could answer her, my son replied, “her phone power is dead for now, but as soon as she plugs it up or fix the problem it will work again.”
1. ‘We all make mistakes’. This could be particularly useful if you are facing expulsion for stealing the Principal’s car. Furthermore, if it is likely that you will be a frequent visitor to correctional facilities, then it would be useful to start learning how to plead for forgiveness.
I bet Mr DeMeng never Forgets Me . I almost knocked him off his feet with a big Hug the morning of class , I have to admit He looked mildly shocked by this crazy red Head , but quickly learned I'm quite harmless. LOL Michael is so Down to Earth and Willing to Teach his students All about Assemblage Art .. And make you laugh along the way ! I highly recommend taking a workshop with Michael you will not regret it ..
I was one of those people who did not have their 2011 elite badge, and I was surprised at first. At SXSW 2010, I spoke at a core convesation with Addie Broyles about how review sites were changing the restaurant review landscape. As Yelp was just slapped with lawsuits, it quickly became Yelp-centric. I stood up for the Yelp community (the users), and I gave my unbiased opinion about Yelp's role in the restaurant reviews. I still think that they had a genius model. Before community became a buzzword, they were building them. Yelp was one of the first websites that hosted in person meet ups. I wish I had thought of that and executed as well as they did. Anyways, after my post about how they were destroying the community and my voice in the social media world, Yelp was displeased and did not renew my elite status as well. They didn't give my the axe after the blog post, when I was expecting it. They waited four months later. That portion of Yelp's Corporate email to me read:
meal of the day.i think.today i don't know maybe take in a movie.and hang out.
Scaling the winding staircase to Stik’s studio was thrilling: we were, he informed us, about to see work unseen by public eyes. Once upstairs, the room was filled with sounds of wonder and excitement. Six panels rested up against a wall with a dazzlingly fresh aura, as if they had just exploded into creation. Unlike with some pieces before, the artist walked us through the concept of this new work: together, the panels told a story of interrelationships. Though so simple visually, the work’s depth became endless with this revelation. Standing in the artist’s studio and witnessing his most current conception was like nothing I’ve ever experienced: I felt immersed in creativity and innovation.
The only way into Nahanni Park is by helicopter or float plane—or foot, if you’re really crazy/adventurous. We were being flown in by pilot Ted Grant, owner of Simpson Air and the Nahanni Mountain Lodge located at Little Doctor Lake where we landed first.
7.Curry Leaves : 5
Blend carrots with water. Filter the juice through a sieve/strainer. Reserve both the carrot juice and the carrot pulp.
Finally, he said simply, “Good trade.”
“…adult learning is a complex phenomenon arising from the needs, tasks, and social roles inherent in being an adult member of society. Sometimes the learning that we need to do occurs as a by-product of everyday living. It is serendipitous, spontaneous, and so much a part of our lives that it may go unnoticed. At other times adults seek answers to questions, solutions to problems, or further training by taking advantage of the opportunities and resources available for structuring their learning.” P361
Pulse the nuts in a food processor until they are fairly well ground, and then throw in the dates and cocoa. Process until it is an even consistency. You can press it into a pan and throw it into the fridge for a half hour or so before cutting into squares, but I like them better rolled into little balls. The "batter" seems to go much further this way. Enjoy!
Complete Prison Break
pick flowers
- remove all metallic accessories
1 large bay leaf
Signed;
Natural order binds our will;
Trans-yellow Spider – Strength 4
Why be you… self-centered and weak?
I’ll be attempting to run a 5:30-5:40 pace the entire route, and if I can keep this pace, I will finish in sub 4:00 hours.
Mon 22 October
People who are shot dead execution style and left for dead next to the road are designated as “road accident” victims. Thousands of law-abiding crime victims were stunned when, on arrival at a police station to report a crime, they were told that police would refuse to open a docket on the flimsiest of premises. For example, you’re sitting in your car at the traffic light. The next moment, a boon shoves a gun in your face and orders you out of the car.
Five spices Foie Gras ($14++)
My tip for busy stamps like this:
The Plejarans and Andreomeda Council are “this close” to saying fuck it, let them have their armageddon if that is what they want. I have made my pleas, as have enlightened beings and leaders, for understanding of the human folly lacking ascended consciousness and aware compassion.
The 2011 display highlights the vast quantity of food it takes to feed Sydney in one single day ( statistics can be found here) The quantities are staggering and they only hint at the full story. It’s staggering enough to discover you need 90,000 cows to produce 1.3 million litres of milk that Sydney consumes every day, but then how much land do you need for those cows? How many people to run the farm? How much feed for the stock?
Nothing to add here...
We entered the shop with little trouble. There was a small line of about a dozen people inside the place. So we were lucky. There’s a lot on the menu and a lot on display. It’s almost overwhelming. It was so overwhelming for me that I actually ended up ordering something safe. I just wasn’t in the mood for some reason. What a shame. I really should have tried the Bacon Doughnut at least. Next time.
The warm weather around here is certainly making it seem closer, but with promise like this, it’s no wonder I dream of spring.
Yeah!
We hope you have fun here, that you chuckle, or say, "I didn't know that!" We'll continue to strive for the 500,000th visitor.
White blouse with silver buttons, NY and Co - Goodwill
I'm not sure what the 'technical' name for these are, but my husband calls them 'Donkey' starts with a 'd' ends with an 'icks' (must keep it blogger friendly of course). If you know of the real name for these, let me know! It's getting embarrassing to say :)
So please, folks, get it right. It's Beware. Writer Beware.
The lesson here is that we are slowly learning how to improve our house and get better. Even though James was totally dragging his feet during the decision making process, he was ELATED when we returned home. It is very freeing to say goodbye to a bunch of junk that you aren't using!
Jess Franco's wonderfully delirious jazz-infused trip, and the film which will almost certainly force detractors to admit he can make great cinema when the mood takes him.
5. Throw your dinner/lunch/breakfast: We get you might not be hungry. We understand if you dont like our food. But please don't throw it, at us or anywhere else. For one thing, I dont like smelling like miso salmon. For two, if you werent going to eat it, you could have left the cover on the tray, not touched it, and one of the techs would HAPPILY have eaten it. Hell, I might have happily eaten it. But now it's wasted, AND the room is a mess. and i'm probably a little scared of you.
“Sir Thomas Moore , his Father and his Decedents” In the style of Hans Holbein the Younger – Rowland Lockey (1593)
Police So lonely UK
It must be said. I won’t be silent
10. GUMSHOE (1971)
Bake about 25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool completely in pan on a wire rack.
Tapper: you couldn’t manage a newsletter
Georgia On My Mind – Ray Charles (live)
I hope you will get time to play along with our fabulous challenge, all the details and some fabulicious inspiration from the Ladybugs can be found on the main challenge blog page.
Every time I make the climb up the stairs I can hear the sounds of a community. The sizzle of a wok comes out from the kitchen window and the smells of all sorts of food entice me. The third floor window often emits the noises of a Shanghainese family playing Mahjong. The tiles were clattering around for 3 houses yesterday. The morning often features the older residents out the hallways washing the days vegetables and every morning as I come out into my kitchen the lonely sound of a violin wafts through the air.
I’m still not entirely clear on the origins of Holi – I have heard four different opinions from three different sources – but my favorite explanation by far was offered by the local Chabad Rabbi, who suggested on Friday night that Holi is actually Purim (m’Hodu v’ad Kush). He also advised those still looking for a Purim costume to spend about ten minutes outside during Holi (the above is the result of two hours of hard work), which is a great idea if you want to dress up for Purim like Ke$ha.
- a claimed paranormal phenomenon which is less than paradigm-shattering in its scope to begin with,
Sad but true.
2 Put one word after another. Find the right word, put it down.
Place meat, mushrooms and onions in greased crockpot.
H - Do you realise that you're inferring that rioting is less offensive, in the eyes of the justice system, than your artwork is...? Anyway, rioting is so last year, Rex. Get with the times!
Remember my 'sweet' cravings at night that i have mentioned before? Well, Tuesday night was one of those nights where i didn't want to have the Haagen Dazs Dulce de Leche ice cream in my freezer, but wanted an ultra moist cake instead. Ro hates it when i am still in cooking mode after he gets back home, and acts all cute saying its 'together time' and hates it even more if i need to use a blender at 9 in the night. So i gave him a choice...shopping and baking is therapeutic for me..so if it wasn't baking, then it had to be shopping and yes i wanted a Prada bag, nothing less than that :) He said shop, but do it right now...which I obviously couldn't and so I just decided to go ahead and bake. I wanted to bake this walnut upside down cake, but Ro begged and pleaded to bake a chocolate cake instead. He is so chocolate biased, and he tricked me into making this boring chocolate cake. Considering I made it in a matter of 1hr, it was nice and spongy and served the purpose, but i so don't want to make a boring chocolate cake on my 'bake or shop' day again.
Regardless, I can thank Mike for opening my eyes to the sad state of my appearance, although I was perfectly happy living in denial at the time. Here are some notes I’d like to send back in time to teenage me, and for anyone who currently shares the curse of naturally curly hair.
As someone who's offended by opening the paper and has moved somewhere that has its own special name for the English my advice would be to get offended all you like as often as you like by absolutely whatever you, er, dislike. Just don't sit there fuming and expecting it means you have a right to insist that anyone else has to accommodate your feelings, because a free society can never work that way and all an unfree society can do is to pick sides.
First off I didn't even know Hazel lived in Cheyenne. I've never established her residence, but he has. Second, I tell her he can't leave her that they're married now. He retorts by telling me that I should know he never wanted to to get married, he's said that all along and now he's saddled with his second wife when he never wanted the first one. He goes on to tell me he married out of duty and now he wants out. And do it quickly before she gets pregnant. So, I asked him if he loves her. He says yes, but and when he's around her he can't think right. And then get this crap. He doesn't feel a man is a man when their heads are all muddled with thoughts of love, that his beautiful wife strips him of his power, of his anger, that he doesn't feel like himself anymore.
A: Congratulations! You are going through a “cleansing crisis.” It’s very common that people go through a “honey moon period” on our Herbal Detox program (Yeast-Para Control and Cleansing-Balance Tea) for a few days or a few weeks, then a cleansing crisis (healing crisis) begins to occur when your body tries to eliminate toxins. The more toxic your body systems are, the more severe the detoxification, or healing crisis is.
was there; your name;
You Cant Keep A Good Thing Down
Rather than using fabric glue, you can use TEXTILE MEDIUM. It's more flexible than fabric glue, and it does not stiffen the fabric. The beauty of it is, you can brush it onto the OUTER SURFACE and use a tool to get into those hard-to reach crevices- like the lips, nose, and corners of the eyes. You can completely saturate the fabric and sort of "mold it" like clay. And as I just mentioned, it won't leave the fabric stiff. How cool is that?
Now on to today's giveaway. My mom has generously given me one of her super cute headbands that she was working on here.
Docu-prosopography
One of the purposes of religion is to provide people with the hope of some kind of existence beyond death. Many religions posit some kind of after death ‘being.’ Only Christianity claims an eternal life in the body – a body that is not the same as the one we have now, but a body nevertheless and one that transcends this mortal carapace in ways yet to be revealed.
Xypherous: Phreak. I foresaw your coming.
pinch of ground cardamon
What about the stunning visuals? you ask. Well, actually, meh. The howdahs on the giant scorpions were surely something picked up from Weta Workshop's dustbins after Peter Jackson's oliphaunts (mumakil) had finished with them?
We’ve addressed this sort of unsophisticated and poorly articulated argument in defense of defending Darwinian evolution many times. You can’t just vaguely appeal to vast and unending amounts of time (and other probabilistic resources) and assume that Darwinian evolution can produce anything “no matter how complex.” Rather, you have to demonstrate that sufficient probabilistic resources exist to produce the feature.
ME!!!
I’m calling this the Jenny Belt because it’s a very 80s design, and Jenny is (to me) the most 80s name there is (well, other than Tiffany). Also, my first name is Jennifer. So yes, I named this belt after myself, technically. Wow that’s kind of awkward. Anyway, feel free to use the pattern as many times as your heart desires – but please don’t make it to sell. I want this to be free to everyone so let’s just be fair here, okay? Okay.
So after another long grooming session (he is still shedding out an impressive amount of hair each day) we were tacked up and ready to go (after telling people where I was riding of course). I couldn't resist taking a few pictures with my phone before I left, I'm really loving Prince's new plaid saddle pad that I got for my birthday!
Of imaginary
For three years Maximilian and his glamorous Belgian wife Carlotta reigned over Mexico in the lavish Chapultepec Castle, built on a hill overlooking Mexico City. But the good times didn’t last.
The plant tag will have the details, but here’s some general information:
So, going under general anesthesia to have the toe nail removed was the best option. We showed up at the surgery center at 6 a.m., and they took her back within 20 minutes. Everyone on the staff was so wonderful. They played with her and really calmed her down (and me, too).
It probably started when I opened my big mouth and asked the pilot if he was having one of his dinners in November, after I was looking at something and noticed that he'd had a dinner at that time last year. Now, I was not meaning to invite myself over for dinner, just that I was trying to schedule a few things, and I wanted to know if there was a dinner in November that I needed to to keep a certain date open for and not go out of town that week and such. So what he said was that he had meant to have a dinner in November, but this year it just wasn't going to work out, and he wondered if we wouldn't keeping open a Saturday in December for that instead. So now dinner with my friends is scheduled for the second Saturday in December at the pilot's house. So I asked if we should exchange gifts then instead of on the third Saturday like we usually did. At the time I did not have a preference, I just wanted to know.
Five ISPs got sued by the record companies to force them to block us. This is particularily interesting since music released and promoted exclusively here on TPB is currently in the brittish top charts. We are simply competitors that they just managed to squeeze out of their market, in a maffiesque way.
Snack: nonfat latte (1 dairy)
Before Bible study this week, the girls and I stopped at a park with a band shell and just hung out in the beautiful breezes. Did you know if you stand next to a band shell stage, your voice is really amplified and sounds cool? I embarrassed the girls, but not me. I'm tough that way.
“As courts continue to weigh in on discovery defensibility issues, it makes sense for law firms to adopt a standard discovery practice that can be applied proportionally by the legal team to a particular litigation case,” stated Alice Burns, managing director of Eleventh Hour. “Discovery Management Framework is the advantage legal teams require to demonstrate good governance over the discovery process.”
The Scriptures are clear that we are not able to communicate with the spirits of departed ancestors. It is appointed unto man once to die and after that the Judgment (Hebrews 9:27). There is a great gulf set between the living and the dead and communication between them is impossible (Luke 16:26). However, many people who think that they are communicating with ancestral spirits are actually communicating with deceptive demons, unclean spirits (Matthew 10:1), evil spirits (Acts 19:12), fallen angels who rebelled and are now in darkness bound for Judgment (Jude 6). Their power is limited (2 Peter 2:4). They serve the devil, the prince of darkness, the prince of this world (Matthew 12:24; John 12:31).
Which MPs or Governors can understand what was written above and will write and amend laws for the 99% so that they (if not over term limits) remain votable? The 99% must see the above ‘quality of life compensation bill’ be written into law, not those who write ‘Forced Military Conscriptions backed by fines and jail terms WITHOUT abstentioon options’. Any who write or pass bad laws (like forced NS) are unvotable and a new MP or governor must be voted in the next election to place a MP or governor who will remove that same bad law. The above example is something even the academics have not noticed or are too entrenched to want to address . . . good article Kirwan! Now how about running for election as well if not sabotaged by psy-oppers and EMF/ELF/smartmeter pro-bad law writing ‘careerist politician’ colluding citizens?
You see, dear reader, I have spent two half-days over the last week on the phone, arguing with the phone company and their debt collectors. Perhaps a shiver is now running down your spine as you recall the horror of your own experience. The news is always full of dreadful statistics about what a disastrous job the telecommunications industry is doing in the area of customer services, if the astounding numbers of complaints, disputes and interventions by the Ombudsman are any indication. What can one say but aaargh! - or perhaps something that would conventionally be spelt with little stars.
will need to click on them to make them larger, I
I saw months ago one lovely reportage about the food in the middle ages. People used to eat a bit – strangely. Well, at least I wouldn’t do that to my tongue nowadays; I cannot say that I would have something against it if I still would live in the middle ages – but I can say it out loud: thank God I live today!
Yes, You are drawing me to worship
Ericson, Richard (2007). Crime in an Insecure World. Cambridge: Polity.
I recently saw this movie called 'The Tree of Life' which also tried to describe the truth of life and I'll have to say the way the movie presented its concept was quite convincing. The movie gets you stunned by its visuals which were extraordinarily captured from all the ordinary things. And surprisingly, these are the ordinary things that confine the truth of life within them, ready to be explored, ready to be unearthed.
Yes, my adult novel was awarded a mentor through the Scottish arts council mentoring scheme. This was another great learning curve. I was involved in a four month mentoring process helping to knock my novel into shape. It is called ‘cry wolf’ and I am seeking agent representation. I am also writing a novel called ‘Woman with a letter in her hand’ based on the life of my grandmother. I do see myself writing for adults and children.
Cost for Microphone and all parts: $ 476.70
I love making my yard look nice.
Watching the ancient stars who are already gone,
Now I can say that I am hooked on volunteering, especially for Inland Empire United Way’s school renovation events. What I like most about it is that when I volunteer, I feel like, for a day, everything is right in the world—that people actually care about things and people besides themselves. I get to become part of a friendly environment and I get a sense of fulfillment by doing something for other people.
Another friend’s husband suddenly started running up credit card debt at bars and clubs while he was on overnight business trips. When confronted about it he was belligerent and defensive. In one of the ensuing arguments, he told his wife he didn’t love her and in another argument called her a cunt.
The five, however, did their Perry dissing in different ways. The first three — Huntsman, Bachmann and Santorum — I would classify as the soreheads. They are all doing miserably in the polls. Huntsman and Santorum always were. They are both currently at 2%, tied with a generic “Someone else” and 2 points behind “None/No one.” (No surprise here with Santorum who, when last facing the electorate, lost reelection in his home state of Pennsylvania by 18 points.) Who, besides their wives, really knows why they are running?
We have a little girl at our place for a while with the intention of her mating with our pandaman
Ulysses Music Group Corp.
12.30 P.M. TO 3.00 P.M., SATURDAY, 23RD OCTOBER, 2010, outside Sheffield Town Hall.
Plus! Leela will also be dancing in some unrelated events, in New York City and in Toronto.
The idea of the songs often comes from me and something develops around them during practices and jam sessions.
If it is difficult, then, quite to see those Bohemian Woods in the concrete jungle of the Barbican Centre, and the nature of the concert performance made for a less Romantic rendering than one would hope for in the theatre, this performance exhibited many singular qualities. It will certainly be worth hearing on CD.
One of the things I enjoy most about advertising agencies is their ruthlessly enforced recruitment policy of employing account executives with spiffing bristolas.
As I sat there parked beside the cruiser I could hear everything that was said between the cops and the guy in cuffs. It went something along the lines like this...
shuffled to my car, giving up the ghost of
3. Are You Sitting Comfortably?
So don't do something like this:
According to this report, Japanese diplomats have signaled to their Russian counterparts that the returning of the Kuril Islands to Japan is “critical” as they have no other place to resettle so many people that would, in essence, become the largest migration of human beings since the 1930’s when Soviet leader Stalin forced tens of millions to resettle Russia’s far eastern regions.
Ive lost everything i have but gained a wonderful partner and great in-laws. I'm having a emo post because shit is so fucked up in my head and i dont really understand how it all went so wrong.
I'm also in the last stages of writing a YA novel. I'm very excited about it, and so is Lovely Agent, but she's sworn me to secrecy on what it's about, so mmmmmmm *sound of lips being firmly zipped*. What I can say is that I have a new writing regime for this book, and I'm loving it. Up at 6.30am, write in bed (very lady novelist, but without the fluffy Pomeranian), healthy brain-boosting breakfast, more writing till lunchtime, no Twitter or Facebook or blogging or any other damn thing till then. Target 2500-3000 words a day, which means that I should--should, I say--have it finished by the end of the month (and now that I've said that publicly, I'll have to do it, won't I?). The last 10,000 words were tapped out looking over the island of Elba in a mixture of glorious Tuscan sunshine and very scary thunderstorms. But it's been nice to get back to my own desk and all my books. Books in a rented house aren't the same, somehow, though it's fun exploring someone else's shelves, especially since they belong to another writer--Elizabeth Palmer. I'll tell you more about the novel when I can--I promise!--and I know you'll forgive me if I'm absent with the Muse for a bit over the rest of the summer.
I saw some therapists that weren’t helpful. I decided not to continue on to the Ph.D program, though I still wonder if I did so because I foresaw the rejection that was coming.
I sigh ever since I dumped him prior to her interview Jamie has been going on about Amber being fit. And I know I dumped him but it’s annoying me. What’s worse is Fishy has picked up on the fact it is annoying me and is joining in.
Or can it be that, now that we have forgotten the danger of the terrible roaring lion, that we now see this returned love thing as a duty? We set aside times of the day to talk to Him, and we ceremoniously thank Him for our blessings, mainly our food, and even then, deep down, we really don’t feel like he had anything to do with it. We always have to think about giving our time and resources to His work, but we’re willing enough to claim any blessings he may send our way, and never even think about our benefactor’s warning to those who “strain at a gnat, and swallow a camel” (Matthew 23:24). I tremble to think what we would do if our lives were demanded of us in His name.
Dealing with Ghosts
We know it was a very busy week for most of you so a HUGE THANK YOU to everyone for joining in last week! :-) We KNOW how much you love ANYTHING GOES challenges!!!
America is at war, yet a casual observer would be hard pressed to discern a country fighting for it's very existence. Its soldiers are scattered throughout the world fighting and dying while the folks back home are carrying on with business as usual. We are fighting an enemy just as implacable, just as determined, just as dangerous as the one we faced in World War II. The Second World War was the "good war." Americans and their allies knew what we were fighting for and the enemy was easy to identify. It was all out war, no holds barred, no quarter asked and none given. The goals were clear, unconditional surrender. We entered that war, unprepared and we paid for that lack of readiness, dearly. Thousands of America's young men died entombed in their sinking battleships at Pearl Harbor or marched into captivity at Bataan. Many more thousands were to die in far off places no one had ever heard of such as Guadalcanal, Iwo Jima, Anzio, and Bastogne. Despite the failures, despite the defeats, Americans came together and worked together toward a common goal: Victory.
“I’m nobody I’m I’m…” My heart dropped on the ground.
There is much to celebrate in Swale. We are in the middle of the Garden of England halfway along the A2 between Dover and London. We have rolling countryside. Oast houses dot the local villages and cherry trees were first introduced here. But it doesn’t take long to work out that the area punches below its weight.
2. The way to handle ‘Timan’s toilet issues in town is to look ahead. In the past, every single time the tot had to go potty we were busy in a shop. And this means, stopping the shopping and dropping whatever I had in my hands, heading outside on the lookout for a public restroom (that doesn’t exist anyway or is much too dirty) or an appropriate place with a tree and not too many people around. This is sometimes difficult in town. But I realized, whenever we were passing such a place (the tree – not the public restroom, ‘Timan’ is still refusing to even enter one) and I remember to ask the tot if he has to go, the answer is always ‘yes’. However, before we leave home, the answer is always ‘no’. How come?
Something that’s interesting and fun about the camera is that it comes with a bunch of filters and frames that you can add to the image after the fact. The filters look cool and I will probably use those, but I probably won’t touch the frames after I played around with them today to get some samples.
like a puzzle piece
I can’t handle elementary school children, or even middle school children. I’m not even good with grownups in numbers over 5. Being in a classroom for the brief time I was volunteering was torturous. Every time a child asked me what time it was or if their addition problem was correct, I would get frustrated and want to tell them to get a watch or count on their fingers. I know that I would make children cry, and I don’t want to do that to them or myself.
It's too easy for children to stick with tried-and-tested books - school copies of Roald Dahl, or presents from well-meaning relatives who buy books they remember from their youth (how many versions of 'The Very Hungry Caterpillar' does there need to be, I ask you?).
A spokesperson from the Mexican consulate said, “We are cracking down on these want-to-be soldier of fortune clones and their loco assassin fantasies coming into our country and making fools of themselves.”
At one school our adult tour guide's lips curled at the question. As if we'd asked whether recreational drugs were on offer in the storecupboard, whether noserings were permissible at High Table.
"Is too."
The guy who put his arm in the trap first (Blake), started freaking out immediately. “Go! Go! Go!” he started yelling.
“It’s so incredibly beautiful, Leah! Did you dream it or what?” I was truly stunned.
Yes, I'm damn tired. But I'm also glad to be 76.. Because, mostly, I'm not going to have to see the world these people are making. I'm just sorry for my granddaughter and her children. Thank God I'm on the way out and not on the way in.
(named such as it is all black glass and resembles Vader's mask)
* There are many other examples of time not being consistent with brilliant physicist Daniel Faraday's payload arriving to the "Island" after being launched from the freighter and with the time of death with Dr. Ray arriving to the "Island" after being killed on the freighter. And I always found it interesting that Lapidus needed to follow a bearing to "fly" to the freighter (which of course shows us Desmond having his amazing "Flashes") and the 305 bearing had to be followed when traveling by raft in Cabin Fever.
Sometimes, we would simply go to Target and play ball in the aisles and ride tricycles until Security came.
Maybe it has something to do with the time I forgot to pack valves, membranes and shields; or the next day when I had meetings and presentations offsite but left my pump at Headquarters; or was it the day that I packed valves and membranes but forgot shields? That being said, I was still able to manually express, which honestly seems to be more efficient than using my pump anyway. Maybe if I pump more than 2 times a day, resume taking Fenugreek supplements and drinking Mother's Milk Tea my supply would increase.
Broadcasts:
AU: First let’s talk about the good; the fact that individual cases are reported serves a national purpose. The harm that is being caused is that when we focus on individual issues and not the structural issues, people keep on believing that there are pain-free solutions available and they think that if you remove one person or a set of people your problem will be solved.
And, of course, one last "artsy" shot . . .
In case you were wondering what Zooga meant, our dear Sarah Waxman breaks it down for you:
I’ve found this to be true, and I’ve also found that recognizing and acknowledging the voice of Mother Culture is helpful. That voice—the one that tells us the way the world works, and how we’re supposed to function in it—is a very pervasive one. Yet I find identifying clearly for yourself which voices originate from your own experiences and beliefs about the world, and which are messages you’ve absorbed from external sources, but don't truly belong to you, can be very helpful. It keeps me mostly on the right path, that of following what I truly feel called
Thanks for stopping in, be sure to head to Laurel’s blog to see her creation. Remember to comment for a chance to win your choice of Lawn Fawn stamp. I will draw a winner Sunday night (9:00 p.m. EST) and post it on Monday.
We felt like our whole week with J's family was spent shovelling snow from pavements and carparks, or walking the family dogs through knee-high snow in the fields above the house.
In another one of its movie-marketing mashes, HSN is teaming up with Universal Pictures for a gigantor promotion tied to the movie “Snow White and the Huntsman.”
Begin by steaming or boiling your potatoes with a sprig of mint until tender. When the potatoes are nearly ready add the asparagus to cook for a couple of minutes until just tender (not mushy!). Drain and tip into a bowl. Splash over your vinegar and oil, about a couple of teaspoons of each. You are not drenching the vegetables, just adding a wee bit of liquid for them to soak up as they cool
I had extremely low platelets, elevated liver enzymes and hemolysis. I finally got my medical records after a similar amount of time had gone by too. I started getting a little bit angry and a little bit questioning, "why did nobody catch this? why wasn't I treated?"
Check Sammy Davis Jr. with the matador cape and the whack(y) scandalization face, censoring her before she gets primitive on primetime. The bongos, hip thrusts, and boobie launches (i.e. tropicalizations*) are thrown in at the end like the little bits of freeze-dried green and red pepper that makes Velveeta “fiesta flavor,” which is an image I’m styling from something the gay neo-con academic Richard Rodriguez said in a Bill Moyers interview in 1990 that you can watch or read here if you’re Latino and looking for more reasons to hate yourself.
Your moral values change
So what are you’re favourite Hollywood Movie Couples?
I have faith in the strength of this baby and my body. I feel pregnant- between the slight nauseousness and small cramp in my abs (it feels like I am sore after a good ab workout)- my body is doing it's thing. And I have to let go.
When I can look life in the eyes, grown calm and very coldly wise, life will have given me the truth, and taken in exchange—my youth-
with all of this “you’re a hipster because you don’t dress or talk a certain way”,
Look! The Sun has lost its glow. The planets war with one another in the sky. Ghosts possess people, who howl as if they were on fire!
Market-rate units: 98 studios, 151 1BRs, 42 2BRs (plus super's apartment).
· The popular Adventure Line of rugged, water-safe, eco-friendly footwear has also expanded with over 15 styles. The Minnie and Amazon for girls both come in pediped’s new summer color pool. Fin, Delmar and Sahara are three new boys’ styles making their debut, all with bright pops of color.
(BARACK snurfles, then opens his eyes. He nudges MICHELLE.)
Just wanted to pop in quickly today and let you know I have a video tutorial on how to make pinwheels today on the Lawn Fawn Blog. Inspiration week continues today with more projects featuring the Bright Side paper line and another giveaway! Go check out the great projects and the video. Just a note for those wondering, I am feeling much better than I was the day I made the video. I do apologize for my sickie voice, but never fear I am on the upswing!
“Immigration benefit fraud schemes undermine the integrity of our nation’s legal immigration system, pose a security vulnerability and potentially rob deserving immigrants of benefits they rightfully deserve,” said Brock D. Nicholson, special agent in charge of HSI Atlanta. “The exploitation of our proud legal immigration tradition for profit is morally repugnant and HSI will move aggressively against those who engage in such criminal conduct.” Nicholson oversees HSI activities in Georgia and the Carolinas.
$2.00 off 2 Welch's Sparkling Juices
It is also applicable and arguably a requirement for business interactions. Without communicating in a professional manner, businesses can fail to connect with prospective customers. You not only need to create an environment of trust and dependability, but you also need to assure the potential client that you will have their back throughout your relationship.
For my lungs to take in so much fresh air
Every month, week and day, there are some really strange, fun and downright funny holidays and observances celebrated everywhere. In fact, you can even make up your own ‘holiday’ to celebrate on your blog with your readers – that’s how easy it is to come up with days of posts at a time. But you don’t have to make it up yourself. It’s hard enough coming up with a post. Here’s a blogging calendar I found that feature some of these holidays. The other nice thing is, it has room to jot down your own ideas and you can use it to literally plan out the year’s content – or just a month or two ahead if you’re not the planning type. This really helps keep your blog going without rushing to write last minute posts.
Serves 2-3
Sometimes I read a profile that leaves me saying, “Wow! I’d like to know this person!” and I send an e-note expressing why his profile interests me. Occasionally my interest is returned, but that’s rare (I’m not sure why). Usually I’m ignored.
Chemo begins tomorrow, incidentally our father's birthday, he who left the land of the upright 46 years ago, half the age he'd be tomorrow.
10:30PM: Filmmaker Q & A
* Set not in Germany but in 1950s Yugoslavia, and a political satire to boot, but with a main character who is a young postman (who is seduced on his rounds by a woman hanging out her washing in a high wind) and altogether funnier and more kind-hearted than you might expect, and a snip at £7.99.
Why are his attempts to limit the freedom of the British people never questioned in any general way?
my very good friend,
The President of the United States of America is making a statement in front of the Fish'n'chip shop,
Enjoy the photos of our beautiful little girl.
After 10 years in The Knoxville Home we were bursting at the seams. We had just had our second girl, A, and it was a tight fit. Our friend, Gail had gotten her real estate license and she was on the hunt for something for us. As it turns out she found a beauty down the street from her and Kelly. We were in heaven as we were always getting together to play cards and hang out as Kelly was The Hubby's best bud. The house was perfect for me and it had a POOL! I was ecstatic but The Hubby, not so much but he was a good guy and knew it was best at the time.
Preheat the oven to 350. Prepare the cake batter per the package directions. Divide equally into two bowls. In one bowl, add yellow and red food coloring drop by drop, to acheive a bright orange color. Pour two tablespoons (teaspoons for mini cupcakes) of the plain batter into a cupcake pan with paper liners. Add two tablespoons (two teaspoons for mini cupcakes) of the orange batter on top. Bake per package instructions.
The statement of object and reasons for IPC498A cited dowry harassment as the main reason for enacting this amendment, but couldnt the legislature also have envisaged that men also can be harassed for material objects? Wasnt if Rani Kakeyi, step-mother to Lord Rama, who demanded from her husband the throne for her own son, Bharat and asked for Lord Rama to be banished and in the process, casing immense pain to her husband, which eventually took his life?
It’s like a huge budget video game cinematic. Overlong, overcomplicated, overproduced and boring as hell.
And those who fear are lost I know that the spades
I get no sense of 1802 London, and no sense of the story. The first paragraph is the only one to keep.
- Metro ticket 2 euro
"Ano sasabihin mo? (What are you going to say?) How do we know each other? =) Through Grindr?" I teased him.
"And fire in the hole!!" He exclaimed!
Opening Reception is Sunday, September 11, 2011 from 1:00-3:00p.m. Please come and meet the artists (I plan to be there) and enjoy yummy refreshments. Wear comfortable walking shoes to see my work. One painting hangs in the historic mansion and the other is in the Horticulture Center. Comfortable shoes will allow you to enjoy the stroll between the two buildings and the rest of the gardens, woods and grounds weather permitting.
Some people have their whole lives to get ready for motherhood. Hell, Nate tells me that when he was young and Mormon, the girls learned songs in preschool about wanting to grow up and be mommies. Me? I only had nine months to get ready. After more than 30 years of not being ready, that hardly seems enough.
We were able to see walls with hanging chrysalises, hatched butterflies and some that were just emerging. It was thrilling to see the butterflies go through their metamorphosis process in high-speed. Within the butterfly garden there were roughly 30 flying around, at least that I could see. Lucky for us, a few of the butterflies were calm enough to pose for photos.
It is almost a small mystery in itself to find the hid-way Jerusalem Passage. But once you have found that narrow path your reward will be The Dovetail, probably central London's best Belgian beer bar.
Still Twilit here....
Of course, the targeting of particular strategic moments (revolutions, popular dissent, etc.) by these 'complexifiers' indicates a precise awareness of the stakes involved, as does a 'practical materialism' about careers / academic power structures / institutions etc. Hence 'monocausalism' is both accepted as a truth and distantiated or diavowed precisely on the 'material' basis of class/social position.
So far not so good, but this week hit a happier note again on Wednesday, after noting the arrival of these little sweeties!
So there you have it; my 3 Sisters for the new millennium! This system might be further enhanced by planting other companion crops for tomatoes nearby, like basil, marigold, mint, onion, or garlic.
Tell me how you gon’ be without me?
Mayor John B. O’Reilly, Jr. welcomed 80 key leaders, including U.S. Sen. Carl Levin, Congressman John Dingell, Federal Railroad Administrator Joseph Szabo, Michigan Department of Transportation Director Kirk T. Steudle, and Amtrak Chairman of the Board Tom Carper, as well as transportation and industry officials.
Brevyn- (6 years old) Brevyn is in 1st Grade this year. His class is a 1st/2nd Grade mix and so he sees Adelynn quite often. They share some of the same friends and play together at recess. He is a great reader and has just discovered his love of "chapter books." He also still loves puzzles and video games. He has not lost a tooth yet, but just found a loose one and is wiggling it faithfully. When he grows up he wants to be an architect- and we think he'll be a great one since he is constantly building things out of Legos and Tri-O Blocks.
Between 2002 and 2011, the UN’s core budget grew from $2.89 billion to $5.37 billion (the United States pays 22% of this). The largest share was personnel costs.
Speaking of my Kykers . . . it's really amazing how much stuff he picks up just by listening to what I teach Jaybird. Kyan does not like any kind of "learning time" at all. I don't stress it so much with him; he's only three after all. The other day he told me, "Mommy, I know my address" and then proceeded to rattle it off. He's only heard Jaidan and I repeat it -- I've never practiced it with him. He's also been telling me different addition facts. "One plus one makes two! Two plus three makes five!" I don't mean to sound like an asshole when I say this but . . . it's really surprised me! Jaidan learns a lot in the same way I do (by doing) whereas Kyan is obviously an auditory learner. I never realized how much he picked up on just by listening.
Rinse and dry the salmon filets. Season with salt and pepper. While you're prepping the grill soak the cedar plank in water for 20 minutes to an hour. We actually left ours in the bucket over night because we made salmon the night before.
On top of this, slices of the lamb were arranged and topped with a quenelle of garlic purée and a sprig of mint.
Have some characteristics of Victorian social housing but maybe its a bit too fancy for that. It's close to the Gare du Lyon.
So after President Obama left Afghanistan after sucking his own dick on the anniversary of Navy SEALs killing bin Laden, there was a suicide bombing, emphasis added:
No easy way to evaluate current understanding and perspectives on the environment across your school or educational establishment.
This was basically the same thing over and over, but De Niro and Andy put enough of an effort into some of their lines to provide a few laughs. Also, De Niro said “Andy” at one point. B-
(World Market Research Centre)
"Oh God, it's 4.03, I have to get up in three hours."
I give Italy kudos though. When the problem was discovered, they stepped up immediately to make it right and paid for the edition they had published. As it was also out of print, they officially reverted the rights they actually never had. *grin*
I've decided to resurrect this blog and do something different.
4) Explain Skemp’s two kinds of mismatches (in the classroom) in your own words.
This next picture was a real cutie-pie stop for me. An unbelievably small breed of sheep, the smallest in the world I think, correct me if I am wrong, and I think originating in Brittany.
Why didn’t I sing?
But I have even more Peter J. Williams stuff!
Options:
“EP! EP! EP! EP! EP! FUCK!”
As your children get older, the Ninja Moms are the ones who tell you which emergency rooms have the best pediatric protocols because such information is valuable and luck favors the prepared. They tell you which soccer league is a good one and which one to avoid. They give you strategies for navigating theme parks.
Crystal Malt - 7.9%
Die- Magnolia Pennant
The asexual lifecycle is a good mechanism for building up large numbers of the parasites in the host, but in order to travel to a new host, the parasite needs to undergo sexual reproduction. At the trophozoite stage many parasites go on to the asexual lifecycle, but some differentiate to gametocytes, which are infective to the mosquito host when ingested (unlike the asexual stages). The sex of these gametocytes is determined by environmental cues, and the sex ratio can vary widely. If the gametocyte is female, it produces a single gamete, but the male gametocytes can produce up to eight gametes. If the usual 50/50 sex ratio that we are most familiar with is preserved, this would lead to a huge excess of male gametes! Instead, the sex ratio tends to be biased towards females.
“In the interest of diversity,” she said, “I chose a brunette, a redhead, a blond, and a kid with hair as black as print on paper.”
To find adults taking jackets off of children
Gimme Some Money
Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak said the Cabinet during its meeting Wednesday also decided that the inquest into Teoh’s cause of death would be headed by a magistrate as dictated by law.
We know McQuade is a bad ass because he drives a dirty Dodge truck that, for some unspoken reason, is a super truck. It’s got some crazy boost system that allows him to rocket down the highway. He gets buried inside the truck deep in the movie and after he pours beer on himself to wake himself up after getting the crap kicked out of him, drives the truck out of the ditch.
16. Wouldn't wanna be like you - The Alan Parsons Project / 3:13
The manager turned to the server, ‘lock the door.’
i was. once.
Police said Isalgue left his 13-year-old daughter and a friend alive in the apartment.
If you have been placed on the waiting list, she will let you know via email, no later than Feb. 22nd.
I can't wait!
Of course, Murphy’s Law went into effect and I had just shaved my legs the night before I got the epilator in the mail! I had to wait a few days before I could try it. I checked out all of the neat attachments, and I was especially impressed by the tweezers with the LED light and mirror inside. I did try those right away and they completely rocked! They made it really easy to see and grasp my fine eyebrow hair.
Artwork created by Roddenberry using my photos from the show. Due to my mistakes to him, a couple of minor errors in artwork, corrected below.
Brewers Association
The second story is about someplace we haven't been. It starts in the cyberpunk Disneyland of Kowloon, and descends into Shenzhen, an instant metropolis larger than New York City, and its Special Economic Zone. The Special Economic Zone is a fief of huge Foxconn factories where all of our high tech toys are assembled by hand by workers reduced to component parts.It is a Kafka-esque domain that combines the worst features of communism and corporatism to produce a gulag of lives monitored, regulated, and burned out. And by burned out I'm not talking about that Friday afternoon when you stare at the screen and you're looking forward to the weekend. I'm talking the burned out that happens when you have to do the same task repeatedly, standing for up to 18 hours a day to make a quota until your spine fuses, and at the first sign that you are unable to do so, you are tossed out. Or, in the case of Foxconn, you jump off the roof of the four story factory because it is easier than living (Foxconn's solution to this fatal disobedience? Install nets on the roofs).
St Vincents Mental Health Chair of Psychiatry Dr. David Castle says that in general, we are experiencing a broader increase in body image concern among men (and women).
The Soay sheep here are remarkably agile for being 2000 years old and the fence has survived so well it looks like it was made yesterday.
Ane with her napkin card. Isn't this awesome! I've never seen one like this and the detail is amazing. Congrats Ane and be sure to grab our Top Sister badge to display on your blog.
4. I eat merely to put food out of my mind. (N.F. Simpson)
We got back home in time to pick up the kids from school, and turned around and drove back across town to go browse some furniture stores. I know, that was SO a priority for today (LMBO!!!). We went to 3 or 4, and found some nice couches. Who knew that furniture was SO expensive? Now I know why we just have hand-me-downs.
So, we were dog owners for less than 48 hours. And that’s ok with me.
“Well I don’t want to go.” Tidy started rummaging through her dresser. “I’m going swimming. You can go get spelled.”
By 1994, the U.S. was importing more oil than it produced. In 2010, oil imports will provide about 60 percent of all oil consumed in the USA.”(2) The United States remains as one of the world’s largest importer of crude oil, although oil imports declined by 10% since 2006.
BeaArthur22: LOL! Who farted? AhhhhHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
All in all, the longest are...
It's our first couple-Christmas without our families.
Bill has been around the block, and some people might remember him from his Be Bop Deluxe days, but he hasn’t been played on American radio or done a proper tour of the U.S. since the 70’s.
a photo of the 2 of us. She said she regretted not having many pictures with her husband.
Want what YOU’RE having. And then be grateful for it.
So, today, AT CLOSING we find out that the addendum I signed last night (since they just gave it to us yesterday) needed 48 hours to be processed. Nice, huh!? So, they give us this document to sign, fully knowing it needs 48 hours to process, yet, they give it to us about 18 hours before closing is scheduled. ASSHOLES! (opps! Sorry, that slipped) It's just so completely ridiculous.
As a little background, we always knew our current home wasn't going to be our forever home for a couple of reasons -- it's a townhome, it's 3 stories, and it's not zoned to the best schools in town (and we aren't overly interested in paying for private school once we have kids). None of those things mattered when we bought it because we knew we wanted to wait several years before we even thought about having kiddos. Even though we still don't have any immediate plans to have kids, the time is at least getting closer and we are thinking about a more family-friendly house. As far as the house hunt, we haven't found anything yet, but we think we have narrowed our search down to a couple of areas, neither of which aren't too far away from our current home, which is great since we love the area.
2/3 cup Matzo Meal
Ok, this definitely isn't a must-have - but it's something that I use every single day. It wasn't something I would have ever purchased, honestly. I would have thought it was superfluous and a waste of money and space. And I would have been wrong. That said, you could probably use a regular Boppy to much the same effect. I happened to have this already as a photography prop, so one day I pulled it out...and it's been sitting next to me ever since. Any time she's laying down next to me, she's on this (like now, she's chilling next to me on the couch on it). I pick it up and put it on the bathroom floor when I go pee or outside the shower when I am showering. She'll nap on it, do tummy time on it, and just kick back and relax on it. It's a bit more supportive for her back and allows positioning that looks more comfortable than a regular Boppy but again, I'm pretty sure a regular Boppy could be used identically for the most part. So not needed, but since I had it already, I love it and am including it on the list simply because I use it all the damn time.
An 8yr old having a baby????
Malts/Fermentables
In month 5 you buy another cloth diaper ($20) and decide to only get 1/2 case of disposables ($20) since you see a light at the end of the tunnel and don't think you'll need them for much longer. You are now down to using only 3 disposables a day.
I want to write more about all of this but, after a busy weekend, I'm rather tired so will have to leave that to another day when I feel more coherent and awake than I do now.
I have hope that one day, we will stand proud for who we are.
That was the moral piece I needed to push me over there.
I am able to cry and express me. (!!)
/opt/VRTSddlpr/lib/libvxdiscovery.so
Date: May 5th, time: 10-11PM (Your Local Time Zone) Welcome!
He was brutally attacked as he left his synagogue in Kiev. He has been hospitalized ever since with head injuries. Today, he was brought to Israel for treatment. Israel stands ready to welcome Jews from all over the world - healthy ones and injured ones, those who live in fear and those who come here by choice.
“In Our Hearts Forever” offers support during a difficult time. The group consists of people who have suffered the same losses and wish to encourage and comfort one another. The May meeting will address “How to Cope with Mother’s Day, Father’s Day and Grandparents’ Day.”
The more I have reflected on this the more clear it has become that choosing to be right is about ego, while choosing to be peaceful is about wisdom.
Not terribly fast or nimble and hampered by a psychic reliance on George.
Sound: I haven't heard the PSP version, but the GBA version has lots of voice clips. They all sound fairly good too. They do suffer from the system's limitations and sound a bit tinny or compressed, but it is clear enough to make out what is being said. They're usually only used during battle anyways. The music is fairly good too. Not great, just good.
Be careful how you vote now - enough animals in the zoo!
For some people, picking up the phone and calling someone they’ve never met is easy, but for me, it took some getting used to, especially because I was nervous I hadn’t prepared the right questions to get enough meat for the stories I’d be writing for the ACES newsletter. Every time, though, I ended up having more than enough to write about, and I hesitated less and less before picking up the phone and conducting my next interview.
and serve with Green Chile sauce for dipping.
When I agreed with her, she briefly wanted to talk about what that means, if trying to help this child heal means I become a victim of abuse, is that okay or even worth it?
I have to admit, I think it's amazing when Brian gets me a really sweet gift for a special occasion. But let's face it...sometimes it's easier to just buy your own presents. This Mother's Day I treated myself to a Polar Heart Rate monitor and a Zumba B2 training session with the FIERCE Tanya Beardsley.
With the war basically lost and the Epigoni starving them out, the Thebeans consulted their seer Tiresias for what they should do. Tiresias told them to send a herald to the Epigoni to open up diplomacy and at the same time the citizens of Thebes would flee the city. The Thebans
"Thank you, Sir."
I don't have many followers on Twitter and am guessing like any other social networking one has to follow people to get followed.
This suggests that through repeated ionic foot baths, one of two things:
boxer-babe
Mill workers will march against the NTC on March 1 st from Currey Road station bridge, west to Gold Mohur Mills, Dadasaheb Phalke Road Dadar East starting at 7.30 am
3) During recipe development, I tried making this with as much as 2 cups of peanut butter. That was just too peanut-buttery for my taste – especially if you put the glaze on top. I also tried it with as little as one cup of peanut butter. With only 1 cup of peanut butter, you could barely tell any was in there. If you're a peanut-butter-aholic, try it with 2 cups of peanut butter sometime. That's not my thing but you might like it.
Some of our favorite treats to eat during this time of year is Rocky Road and Cinnamon Santas (or bears) covered in chocolate.
At the Kiwanis Bike Program – 2500 Valley Road, Sparks NV
Pink Double Knockout
Photo Books
Hopefully all of you are all well and enjoying April days. Will you be attending the event in Collinsville this year? What are you scrap plans for summer? I have tons. My mom left me with many journals and unfinished albums. My goal the next few days, before I head for home, is to get their life history organized to put into a book for our family.
We lived through the goodbye door this time but will we next time?
- Sally Hansen Diamond Strength, Insta-Dri nail polish: CAD5.99
01/05/2012 BUY 0.01 usdhkd 7.76620
Friday: AMAZING concert. So fun. Very moving. More on that later!
Situation 3: Girl meets boy in high school and thinks he is a jock. Boy acts like girl doesn't exist. Girl meets boy several years later. Boy likes girl. Girl feels like he's ridiculous for liking her. Girl acts like he's kidding and ignores him but asks him out anyway. Boy doesn't take her up on offer. Girl stays single and feels stupid. Boy is stupid.
Although I know that this blogging thing is entirely a personal thing and we aren't meant to be under pressure to post, I actually feel really bad for not posting for what feels like an age. So much has happened since I last posted and to a certain degree, this is what has kept me from posting.
First and foremost, I need to announce the winner of the headband! I used Random.org to pick the winning number and it was 2! That was Heidi Nicole at Run Around Aroo! Please email me (katieanneschmidt@aol.com) your mailing address and headband choice so Emily can send out your headband. I promise, you will love this thing!!
The Kids of Dandelion Township on Amazon Books Written by Nicole Borgenicht, and Illustrated by Lisa M Griffin
The actors are first rate, but the real star of Laura is its music. David Raksin’s famous theme is haunting shorthand for unattainable love. Johnny Mercer’s lyrical additions made the theme even more famous and beloved. Laura is worth seeing for the score alone; its effect fueled many an actresses’ regret over turning down the part. When asked for her response after seeing Laura, Hedy Lamarr famously said “they sent me the script, not the score.”
and probably more who I’ve forgotten about. Sorry, if you’re one of those.”
I awoke feeling frustrated, feeling like I needed to do something, feeling like everyone wanted something and I wasn't able to get a grip. I was dropping the ball and messing up everything. I'm sure you all know what I'm talking about. It's sometimes difficult to juggle everything. It's so hard to keep up with housework, to pay bills on time, do laundry, make doctor appointments, and make sure your kids have clothes they haven't outgrown. Then there's getting the kids' pictures taken, arranging birthday parties, planning out Sunday school lessons, going to the grocery store, making school lunches, and cooking dinner. And let's not forget making sure you spend enough time with the kids together and individually, helping them with their homework, reading to them, making sure they do their homework, and practice their instruments, ensuring they eat a balanced diet. And if you work outside the home, there are the meetings, the paperwork, the business trips, and the phone calls to deal with as well. It's a wonder we don't all wake up in cold sweats in the middle of the night after having the waitress dream!
This is hardly unique in the writing world. Who'd want to spend all day with horrible people? (For the life of me, I still don't understand the appeal of The Slap, but I digress.) Spending all morning with fabulous people is why some of my projects kick on while others languish in the bottom drawer of my mind.
1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil
He said, “don’t you dare, don’t you even think about jumping off that roof!”
Singh
Hey. Have you bought the Christmas album yet from Ross "talks about himself in the 3rd person" King? Well, you should.
The Hajj itself involves pilgrims going to a series of places in and around Makkah: the plains of Mina – which houses thousands of tents and acts as the base for the five days; the desert plain of Arafah – which hosts the peak of the Hajj; the open lands of Muzdalifah – where pilgrims spend a night resting; the Jamarat – where pilgrims re-enact stoning of the devil; and the Holy Mosque in Makkah – which houses the Ka’bah and the hills of Saffa and Marwah, which have their own historical significance.
"Everyone falls in love sometimes":
Addison ignored them and continued walking towards the sitting room. She opened the door partially and looked inside, her eyes scanning the room for familiar faces.
"Would 10 more minutes with your friend make it less likely for you to feel like I ruined this day?"
I arrived on Monday evening and it was one of those high speed hotel turn arounds where I had eight minutes from arriving in the room to the point where I had to meet outside a certain theatre at a designated time.
However, I got to go out to buy bookkeeping books for school…(T-T)
6 to 10 ounces steak, pork, chicken, or shrimp, cubed
Since in order to maintain status in the country, you need to be able to show you've been in the country for at least two years out of each five year period, this card is one of the devices used to track your comings and goings in and out of the country.
They perform Stand up. As they’re performing, a person in a hood is making a video of them on his cell. It’s Min Gun. The members celebrate after the gig with good food and Tae Gun lets slip that Chang Min has been failed in two subjects. Chang Min hears the news from behind and fumes. At Busan, Woo Hyun’s manager asks if he’s alright and if they shouldn’t go to the hospital in the morning but Woo Hyun says its fine. He’s left clutching his heart and flashing back to the kiss scene and he wonders what Seung Yeon has done to him. No wonder he’s going crazy. Seung Yeon meanwhile is in a state of worry and tells Ji Woo she got rejected. He asks if he told him she was a girl but she explains she couldn’t tell him everything and muses that it’s probably better this way-if she’d revealed it, it would probably be even more trouble. That night, someone sneaks into Hyun Suk’s office and leaves a DVD on his desk. Yes, it’s what I think it is and it’s not good!
In 1989 and 1994, minor solar storms knocked out communication satellites, shut down power plants and disrupted the electrical grid. These were minor solar flares. Imagine if a solar storm the size of 1859's struck our modern society? Delicate wires run everywhere nowadays. Filaments, computer chips, hard drives, cell phones and electrical lines that stretch thousands of miles. Have you stopped to think about your vehicle's computer system? The details might surprise you. We'll get to that in a minute, but first, let's talk briefly about a man-made version of the Perfect Solar Storm – the nuclear EMP event.
The group has put up the GAP display, which compares abortion to past historical atrocities through the use of graphic images, on the University of Calgary grounds without incident eight times since 2006.
This was played to perfection by Bobby, who seems to have the spirit of a child. The Permanent Midnight reference was off the hook. B+
Rel shivered. "You can't seriously want to risk an unexplored Sherim in your condition!"
chds=-30,50
And then the bleep goes off: the first call on my first shift. I have 20 minutes before they arrive, so I get up, get dressed and run down to the ED. The team are assembling, and I start introducing myself. When another member of the team arrives I introduce myself again. And again. And again. There are a LOT of members of this Trauma Team.
Silence again. He could feel his heart beat accelerating. So he had been right. There was something wrong. He then chose to soften his tone and asked her again, “Iqra, tell me what happened? Please? You are making me nervous.”
So, there I am, admiring this big, beautiful clock with crackled paint all over it. It's quite heavy. And I know there's no way it's going up on the wall in my staircase until I hire a handyman for the job; neither DH, nor I, have the guts to climb a ladder to hang that thing.
I hope you all have a good week. Abby x
The stamps are celebrating 75 years of British Comics (yes, we all know British comics have been going for longer than that) and the First Day Cover features the Comic Book Alliance logo and stamp, plus all 10 of the Royal Mail’s First Class comic book stamps which include Desperate Dan and The Dandy, Dennis The Menace and The Beano and Dan Dare and Eagle.
Reflecting views similar to their white and Indian counterparts, 71% of black youth felt it was impossible to get employment in South Africa; 58% said crime made them want to live in another country, and 73% felt government was not living up to its promises.
So, there you are, a day by day photo shoot. Thanks to my very patient husband for taking the photos, and thanks to my darling daughter for letting me use her camera as mine had flat batteries.
Went for my routine checkup today and everything seemed to be going fine until he stuck his index finger up my butt! Do you think I should change dentists?
In contradiction of the quotes at the top, being “of two minds” is not an inherent evil. It is, I would assert, the sign of a healthy mind. In my profession as an event coordinator, I need the quiet, disciplined side to get through my daily routine of correspondence, record keeping, and planning ahead (to name a small fraction of what I do), but I also need the playful side to ensure the events I’m producing are enjoyable and entertaining.
This is lways a fun time for the whole family.
Granger has less to say in Include Me Out about the themes of Strangers, figuring perhaps that they'd been hashed out enough elsewhere. He does tell a well-known story about seeing Hitchcock slouched and unhappy in his chair, asking what was wrong, and getting the response, "Oh, I'm just bored." The creative work was already done, and the director was transferring "from paper to film," no more excited than an author retyping a manuscript. Despite Hitchcock's ennui, Granger said Strangers was the happiest set he ever worked on.
He muttered “where are they…where are they?”
-98 American contractors were lined up on the beach and machine-gunned and bayoneted
Return On Engagement is Not a Numbers Game is the 45th in a series of excerpts from our book, Be a Person: the Social Operating Manual for Enterprises (itself part of a series for different audiences). At this rate it’ll be a long time before we get through all 430 pages, but luckily, if you’re impatient, the book is available in paper form at http://bit.ly/OrderBeAPerson and you can save $5 using Coupon Code 62YTRFCV
From ‘til Dawn is the first Quentin Tarantino film to show up on Apocalypse Cinema. Not the most auspicious film to start with, but I am certain many more Tarantino offerings with appear before it is all said and done. I have to bow to my 31 horror film reviews plan, which has already been thrown for a loop enough already.
General astronomy questions, no matter how basic, can be asked in the greater Asterisk forums. Please do not send email to the address shown in the video. Unfortunately, I expect to move on to other projects and would like this project to run autonomously. I therefore ask that if someone knows the answer to an asked question, please go right ahead and answer that question. Please do not wait for me to answer. On occasion, however, I do peruse The Asterisk’s forums.
Of a known universe so immense
Bring water to a boil for pasta, salt water and cook to al dente.
Her hands go behind my neck. She gently pulls my head toward hers, until our lips touch.
'I saw people I respected, intelligent students from normal, sensible backgrounds like me, behaving like this. I know it sounds stupid, but it made you feel it was OK. You felt that if other people were doing it with no serious side-effects, then somehow you were all right.
Turning to those six demands, that is the purpose of the meeting. We aim to come away framing them, ready then for the long haul of seeing them implemented. A clear set of demands, we feel, will give a clear focus and objective, on which to tackle the decay which is evident in our system of government.
Fruit Beer, Ommegan Brewery (Moortgat), New York, 8.9% ABV
January the beginning of the year. Genesis the beginning of His Story. My Bible at my side, the music I sing to lift my spirit to His throne room playing, the empty calendar to be filled by His design - beginning.
But the larger than usual American attendance at the high-profile event reflects U.S. efforts to reassert its presence in the Asia-Pacific region as a counterweight to China’s rise, a move that has rattled Beijing.
"Baby, did you know that there are some kiddos that don't get toys at all for Christmas?"
Cops milled around the penthouse apartment, in the most exclusive residence in the city. Many of the uniformed officers gazed in awe and wonder at the twenty foot high ceilings, forgetting, for just a moment, that they were there to investigate a crime. A fact that Detective Johnson wasn’t about to let them forget.
Mrs Temple's Alpine, Suffolk Gold
To wholly stay right here
Christopher Sean Caton, 34, New York, N.Y.
Franco Jara grabbed the opening goal of the game in the fifth minute as an under-strength and under-par Los Blancos struggled to create anything of note. However, Cristiano Ronaldo’s late penalty brought Madrid back into the game before David Cortes’ inexplicable own-goal during injury time sent the newly-crowned champions onto 97 points.
I told my mom and we made plans to attend. My mom then read three more of her books and became a huge fan/stalker of Lisa Scottoline.
JONNY and HEROMAN stand on top of the tallest building in town.
Sweet little Rosie has been been RUNNING everywhere! She doesn't quite slow down enough to walk, just takes a dead sprint to where she wants to go... makes me soooo nervous. She also makes Ollie a little nervous. He's not too sure what to think about her new level of mobility! She loves to run at him and pet him and give him "loves"... he's not too sure about that yet :-/
September 25
like the rest of the card.
Stranger does not rhyme with anger,
There is a false dichotomy between evangelism and discipleship. Discipleship is essentially the formation of people into the image of Christ, identifying them in real life with the Gospel. Therefore, if it’s true that we speak and do what we really are, then if we really are identified by the Gospel we will proclaim it. This is not to say that we wait for sanctification before we proclaim the Gospel. We are ready to share the Gospel as soon as we believe it. In fact, learning how to proclaim the Gospel in word (evangelism) is a part of our discipleship. It works together beautifully. Gospel proclamation has the strange sanctifying effect of making us love the Gospel even more. The more we love the Gospel, the more we want to be identified with it, like anything, and like anything, the more we want to talk about it. Vicious cycle this Christian life is.
Though it is important to stay focused during exams, students should keep in mind that attending events and hanging with friends could relieve some stress. Study groups can serve as both; time to hang, and study with a group of people.
I was stunned. “You mean you knew about it?”
Beaulieu doesn't just leave it to one world though as he shows glimpses of an ethereal realm just as interesting and delves deep into the nature and mechanics of his magic and how they are intertwined with the world.
79. Mexican Cousin -- Phish
3. Share 7 random things about yourself.
Management presented a proposal to eliminate the positions of Building Maintenance Mechanic, Machinist and Electrician I, II and III. Under their proposal:
No, we won’t paint all College Girls as sex crazed, trampy flukes. In fact there are brilliant, beautiful young Ladies even at Georgetown. There is an excellent writer at Georgetown, Angela Morabito, who deserves so much credit. Angela Morabito does not want to be a freeloader like Sandra Fluke. Many young Ladies who are College Students barely get by yet they don’t BEG for money to have tons of sex?
This is a full-time, 1-year Trust (non-Federal) position at IS-9, Step 1. The salary is $51,630 with excellent benefits. To apply, please submit by email a cover letter, resume and two (2) writing samples, by May 4, 2012 to:
I am really struggling with this. I already buy generic when I can and I have been trying to limit my processed food intake (which is just more expensive and time consuming.) I already gave up on dying my hair (at least until it has been repaired) and nail techs and stylists alike weep when I pass by. I am not a girly girl, I don’t need to have the newest purse or pair of shoes…I never have. I don’t spend a lot of time or money on anything in particular. I do have a problem with caffeine intake as I found out yesterday when I tried not drinking any and ended up with a splitting headache. I could try to give up coffee, but nobody likes it when my head hurts. I could give up drinking…I know I am better off for it. I could go through my craft things…but I am not going to give up any of the five passions, that is not even part of the equation.
You really dont wanna miss this one!!!
Prepare the glaze:
and ate to their hearts content! ^.^
Now that we are home, there are so many things going through my heart and mind after visiting West Africa. To be honest, I am still processing all I experienced.
Hey, it isn't like they aren't trying.
"The realization that formal development will often be intensified by metrical change gave rise to the idea of organizing the metrical process in such a way that each measure is subject to a different metrical structure. If the metrical proportions are then constructed along mathematical lines, namely according to sequences or combination theory, then the metrical process is no longer the product of random or arbitrary events. New, higher-level symmetries are the result, moreover interesting overlaps of the metrical series with the musical phrase, varient recapitulations, and the like.
Their signature dish is ribbons of raw squid, meant to be dunked in a sauce of ponzu, a raw egg yolk and uni. So simple, yet an amazing use of all the ingredients. Their sushi platters were also outstanding, though I’m hard pressed to decide which was better – Masazushi, or Kikuzushi in Sapporo.
Coming from the Adirondack's, this is probably my favorite of the Pumpkin Ales.
Maybe you overindulged yesterday and the day got away from you before you could balance that out. No worries. With balance comes flexibility. Add to your exercise time today and eat a bit healthier overall today. Be mindful of balancing out yesterday’s choices. This doesn’t mean you should feel guilty about yesterday and be filled with regret or remorse. Quite the opposite in fact. Embrace the choices you made yesterday and follow them with considered choices today. Choose extra vegetables and fruit today to balance what you overeat or drank yesterday. It doesn’t mean yesterday’s choices were bad and today’s are good. It’s just that overall, you’re bringing them into balance.
So, I have embraced the new trend -- MAGNETS!
At last our first point of Chelsea since we were promoted to the Premiership. A classy Jon Walters goal, in an entertaining game that even had Five Live praising our attcking football and how good the game was. End to end stuff, although as you’d expect Chelsea had the lion’s share of possession. Good effort by Kenwyne Jones as well. WE ARE STOKE!
I do a variation of this salad at least three times a week. The best part is you can add or subtract about anything and it is still going to taste fabulous. I buy the huge bag of spinach at Costco and it lasts a week or two. It is also way easy to take to dinners or pot lucks.
It also leads to interesting group dynamics if everyone happens to come from a different cultural background on top of having distinct personality differences.
Another quiet day...
Movin' on. Grabbed a ticket from Lenny. Got to the bar. Unfortunately, it was too packed to see what beers were on tap on the other end of the room. Fortunately, Chris was on that end of the bar. A quick call to him and our decision was made (that Beer Town Austin is so helpful). We were bad crawlers and ordered NB Ranger IPAs (Sofia did not want a Winter Stout, I blame her). Chatted with Beer Town Austin, Josh and Sarah.
Photo: It must be remembered, that not only are Syria’s rebels committing horrific atrocities amidst an admittedly terroristic campaign against the Syrian people, they do so with arms, funding, equipment, training, and political support from the “Friends of Syria” cadre including the US, UK, France, Saudi Arabia, and Qatar.
Finding a grill was sort of a nightmare. I needed a really big grill, and of course I don’t even own a small one! I already had some helpers tentatively lined up, and was pretty sure I could shanghai at least a few people to help if I needed to, they would want to eat after all! One Sunday morning during a round the topic of the Club Championships came up, and we started discussing where I was with the planning. Basically the grill was my one real sticking point. One of the guys suddenly stopped and pulled out his cell phone. He called a guy, and arranged for the most fantastic grill I could have hoped for! It even looked like a train!
After this morning’s work, I met up with my acting friend and co-producer of the Sydney Fringe Festival show we are hoping to get up in September. It was great chatting with him about acting, agents… and everything we need to get done in order to get this show up! Argh! We still have a lot to do to get everything together in under only 5 months!
Send us a story or tip @ TipsForLimerain.com@gmail.com and follow our pages for the latest limera1n, rubyra1n, and all tech stories, follow us on Twitter at @iphonepixelpost or @limerain_com
So it’s confirmed now that Lana’s investigation of Kalinda is just payback for being rejected? Ughhh. She had to know that talking to Lemond Bishop would put Kalinda’s life in danger. Well at least Kalinda and Alicia is well on their way to be BFF again. I don’t think I can stand another season with the two of them not really talking.
And in this space it is so completely true….
One time you told me that you didn't know something you were gonna write on was broken. And you got a nail in your finger and you had to go to the doctors. When you came back home from the doctors. When I heard that, I knew to say something sweet about this story, that I hope it never happens again.
Best all-floor surface, Better Life Simply Floored!: One shining solution for every floor in your home, this nontoxic champion tackles scuffs, smudges, and stains on hardwood, tile, laminate, bamboo, and even marble. And - wait for it - no rinsing required. The mild minty-lime is nothing short of aromatherapy.
1/2 tsp. cayenne pepper (optional)
What was going on then? I was living in an apartment I could not afford to live in, and chose to move out my things…and living pretty much out of my car. It is not a fun experience at age 59! I had been hunting for work for over a year, not able to pay my bills and harassed daily by bill collectors.
So why do we get along so well with our parents? It's pretty simple: control. Or, more accurately, the lack of control.
5:45 pm – 6:30 pm Break
Following Miss Mason's approach, we will be doing artist and composer studies this year. Guess what is included in the 2010 TOS Schoolhouse Planner? Yep. You guessed it. Information lists on famous composers, artists, and time periods concerning both throughout history! And guess who hasn't had time to gather that kind of pertinent information yet? Yep, right again. ME! Can you say 'divine intervention'? You truly don't know what a blessing being able to review this planner has been to me. I honestly mean that with all my heart. Oh, and remember how I mentioned above that I've always wanted to do a study on clouds? You're never going to believe this, but I just discovered that there is also a 'Cloud Types' article included in the planner! That was totally unplanned on my part. I really HAVE wanted the kids and I to learn about all the different types of clouds and what they mean. Me and this planner? Meant to be.
The force is due to lose just under 20 per cent of its personnel by 2015 as part of the government’s austerity drive.
Grace Abounding is a classic Christian work which has long been available in the public domain via Project Guttenberg and similar sources. Logos has converted the text for use on their Logos platform and added a brief introduction to the work.
Here's their explanation for this gross campaign:
The 140-second trailer also features a mid-air plane heist by Bane, Wayne and Kyle dancing, sinking football field, Bane’s henchmen holding up a stock exchange, Gotham citizens witnessing two bridges blown, Wayne locking lips and more….actually much more than that!
“You don’t have to be Shakira. Just take my lead and move, okay?”
Meanwhile, I’m starting to realize I have a lot of really nice pictures sitting on my camera. And I want to get to them. But I won’t allow myself to get to those until I deal with the ones on my computer. I got a few batches sorted through this weekend. I hope to have it finished by the end of the week. And then we’ll see if Picture Sunday comes back at all. It might or it might not. It’s a lot of work.
Nassau Coliseum is always a great place to see a show. There is so much elevation between rows that you never have to worry about seeing over people's heads-- there's always a good view. And in the case of the children's shows here, they don't take up the whole Coliseum. Maybe a third of the place. The only complaint I heard about the venue is that it was absolutely freezing.
Number of books I’ve read today: 0 (Friday was a slow reading day. Only managed 130 pages--about half the current book)
Note: For better or worse, noddies can give emotional cues to the viewer. For example, if a guest is reciting some facts and figures, a shot of the interviewer looking shocked suggests to the audience that these figures warrant a strong reaction.
And the one final picture that I just thought turned out pretty, and shows off my dish washing liquid. I made that while everything was drying. It just seemed like the fun thing to do ….. and something a little different than just the house.
Imagine for a moment if you will that you are lying on your back on top of a stack of hay. You are being pushed head first towards the edge and there is a sheer drop of twelve or more feet to the next stack of hay bales. No amount of trying will keep your brothers from pushing you over the edge. There is a moment of sheer terror as you fall but then you manage to turn in order to land on your feet.
And that’s just ONE of the many, many conversations that all pretty much say the same thing. I love YOU. And at the same time, messages sent to me that said, No baby, I love YOU. And oh yeah. Telling her that he was celibate from the time I moved to Texas last year until he slept with her in, well, even that I don’t know now. I’m pretty sure they were doing the dirty deed well before November, thus her reason for being so angry that he was with me during my dad’s dying. And that just disgusts me beyond anything. How could he sit there next to me when my dad took his last breath, my DAD who told him he better take care of me? How could he SIT there knowing what he was doing to his daughter?? And how could he use it as a SYMPATHY card when trying to cover up his ass with her?? Because he’s a DOG. A dirty dog dick, triple D threat. And he better be watching his ass, because I’m sure my dad is pissed off enough to come back from the grave and bury him in his place. Never mind that my father was cremated. He’ll make it happen.
I exercised and so on, but it seems still not be enough to get me down at least a pound. My scale would go up and down every other day between 76.3 kg (167.9 lbs) to 75.8 kg. But never less that that! By Saturday I was so discouraged.
Do not fret. I'm going to find out ASAP how you too can achieve this kitchen look.
-bike from coast to coast across America
Trousers: Superfine
OK, now that we have some fresh cards in from a couple of sources, we'll get a few posts in...
Our country's God! Our God's country!
Police Commander Aharon Franco told reporters that security forces were streaming into the area to search for the hiker, who has been missing for three hours.
Brown's
…is that, it can fly like a bit of second… (Yeah that quick when we’re together);
...Then, completely calm and unfazed, he took my arm and gracefully led me down the aisle. It made me think of all the times my dad has helped me and been my hero during my childhood and adult life, and it made me tear up (again).
R - Hooray! Now I am at the helm of my very own star ship!
13. Time (05:44)
Boulevard Brewing Co. Nutcracker Ale
It seemed that everyone that worked
There are estimated 90 million old people in India.
Push the circle inside the crown, put a thin strip of glue around the bottom rim of the crown (inside), and pull the circle down to the bottom.
other people and that's how *they* may perceive it, because they couldn't WAIT
We love you all. Please pause a moment and reflect on Thursday; offer a prayer of thanks for where you are, and whether you’re in the midst of the flurry of meal preparation, the busy holiday roadways, or the excitement of the games on TV, it will become clear to you what really matters.
Rating: ****
There are obviously lots more details about the varying costs of weddings, and how ridiculous it all seems sometimes. But I would love to hear your thoughts, have you planned a wedding, are you currently planning one? How do you feel about the costs all adding up? What is your view on the costs of weddings, wherever you may be?
And sure enough, there was Sausage Tropicana (page 23 under Sunny dinners) screaming out to be made.
Within hours, Army Major General Suharto took command of a substantial part of Sukarno’s power base. Sukarno’s power continued to wane. A year and a half later, on 12 March 1967, Sukarno was stripped of whatever remained of his power by Indonesia’s provisional Parliament, and placed under house arrest. Suharto became President.
Which one of those songs is the national anthem?
An exciting new opportunity for young Irish writers!
We were finally all healthy enough to complete our full Thursday schedule! It went really well! Everyone had fun at piano lessons. Then we had to stop by a friend's house to drop off lots of stuff to sell at a garage sale to help fund their adoption.
Bill Cosby – Karate (Hi-Yah!)
Darrell L. Bock
This is the "Favorite Things" Tag. I have too many favorite things. So I'll just share the first things that come to my mind.
Seeking MILABs out there who may have gone through Project Tickle, the use of “tickle torture” for programming…
Women do get weary,
Last summer, I had this major craving for fish tacos while I was at work. Ever since I had them in San Diego in 2009, I can’t get them out of my head. But I didn’t know where to get one in Toronto. I ended up searching chowhound and came across this discussion on fish sandwiches in Toronto. It’s called The Fish Store and it’s located by Grace and College. It sells fresh fish as well as hot foods including grilled fish sandwiches, burritos, chowder, salads and brown rice platters. I realized that I had passed by this place many times before in the summer. It’s hard not to notice the big “Fresh Grilled Fish Sandwiches” banner, the bright blue paint and the glass doors.
I do have some good news to report from the home front... After nine long months, I finally have my car back, because I live n a semi-rural area which has no public transportation or affordable taxi service, being stranded at home during the day had been a genuine hardship beyond mere inconvenience. I can now get to appointments for myself & the kids, and can finally stop having panic attacks over being unable get out of the house to transport my young children to or from anyplace should the need arise while husband is at work. In other good news, my special little guy, The Boy Resister, has finally graduated out of diapers and into pullups! He is also talking more than ever and becoming better socialized now that the world has opened back up to him and I can take him places where people are during the day. He's not using the potty yet, but getting out of diapers is a big step in the right direction, he is getting to be more of a 'big boy' every day and it is a joy to watch him grow. But pullups cost more than diapers, so kindly hit the tip jar if you can, please. The Little Girl Resister continues to impress me with her sweet kind nature and brilliant young mind, she is also continuously making more art work, and I'll share some of them in future posts. She has a birthday coming up shortly after Christmas, and I'm sure she'd appreciate it if you hit the tip jar so her mom can get her some cool presents and maybe even finally be able to provide her with a little birthday party, which she really really wants now that she's been to parties for her little friends - she is such a good kid that it makes me sad sometimes when I can't do some of the nice things for her that I'd like to do.
The beauty and grace in the situation of mom’s “going crazy and having to be hospitalized,” has been a tremendous opportunity for me to work on healing. At the same time, I keep having to remind myself that we each have our own path in life, with our own lessons to learn, and I can’t learn Mom’s lessons for her. I can see that she is a catalyst for my growth.
Anyway, the latest show heading off into that “great beyond” is the USA Network’s
The monkey bars were hard with my shoulders. The water was cold lol
This cartel has a striking similarity to the network of university economists set up by Big Tobacco in a money for hire scheme from 1983 to the mid 90s to blanket Congress and the media with bogus OpEds and research papers.
After I converted the image to black and white in camera raw I did many adjustments. I have been doing it for so long it’s hard to even think about the steps involved but I can go over some concepts here. One thing you want to make sure you do when turning a picture into black in white is to not just simply turn the saturation down. When you set the image to b&w (black and white) you will get a different color space for the image that can help you get more details out of the shot. Also under the b&w setting you can adjust each individual color to affect the black and white final image. For instance if you turned down the red after converting it those colors that were red in the color version get darker in the b&w. Understand?
Here's what Wikipedia says as a reminder:
and who could turn away this sweet little girl
It’s only because they are taking photos, nothing else. And there are so many of such people there. Sighs. Pretty scary alright.
For to them we owe much.
Another Simplicity 2591! I do think this is my last one of Me Made May, though. I made this one from a vintage curtain I bought at a fair, and I blogged about it here when I made it last year. I haven't worn it for a while and I was really pleased with it when I put it on this morning - it's really well made! I'm standing a bit weirdly here because my friend SJ was taking these photos in the stairwell at work and I felt a bit awkward, but it's a really good fit. I love the fabric. It's SO LOUD. It seems like pretty much everything handmade in my wardrobe is made in some sort of novelty print, but I can live with that. The only thing for it was to wear it with equally loud Irregular Choice shoes, of course.
The movie is a collaboration between director Robert Rodriguez and writer Quentin Tarantino. I have mixed feelings about Rodriguez as a filmmaker. He runs hot and cold for me. But Tarantino’s contributions, save for his acting, are classic Tarantino. The cynical sensibilities, the crisp, rapid dialogue, and excessive violence are all present. Why his turn as the psychotic Richie Gecko is so lacking is anyone’s guess, but he is the worst character in the film.
As the democratic South Africa (and Iraq) amply demonstrates, political rights don’t secure the natural rights to life, liberty, property, and the pursuit of happiness; ink-stained fingers don’t inoculate against blood stains. Extant societal structures that safeguard life and property can always be improved upon. But once these bulwarks against mob rule and mayhem disintegrate, they are seldom restored. A civilized society, ultimately, is one in which the individual can go about the business of life unmolested. If he can’t do that simple thing, of what value is the vote?
Quick Banana Bread
None I guess. There is just not as much going on over here. Not as many live shows going on, so the bands here are not as well practised as bands from other countries. When bands come over here to play, they are much more tighter than Icelandic bands are. So we should do more practising.
Justin Velez-Hagan is the National Executive Director for The National Puerto Rican Chamber of Commerce. Having earned his MBA from the W.P. Carey School of Business at Arizona State University, he has started several small businesses and is currently an international developer within the assisted living industry.
My cousin - your, um....first cousin once removed - babysits you on Mondays and Tuesdays when I work. What about the other three days? There ARE NO OTHER THREE DAYS! Yes, that's right, I have joined the ranks of the measly hourly employees. I stepped down from my management position and started working just two days a week for 16 hours a week. On the one hand, no more office. On the other hand, jeans to work! On the first hand, no more working crazy hours! On the second hand, no more money. On the one hand, the hourly job can get repetitive. On the other hand, no more being responsible for other people! On the one hand....YOU, Carys. And there's really no other hand to that. Just Carys. Getting to spend so much more time with you is a huge blessing and I'm so lucky we can do that at this point in our lives. Samar loves watching you (though I don't think she loves getting up at 8am) and I hope you guys have the same kind of special bond that Samar and I had - and still have to this day. You should hear her talk to you or about you - her voice goes up about five octaves to a barely audible squeal. She definitely is head over heels for you, and it's so nice to have someone who loves you so much babysit you. She takes pictures like the one below and sends them to us or posts them on Facebook. Your dad looks forward to them so much!
The line up included Santigold, Janelle Monae, Cee-Lo and FISHBONE during a rare NYC concert appearance! Plus skaters, Bmxers, vendors of food, gear and culture in all directions, what could be bigger than that? Possibly a hurricane.
Any kind of vinagrette. Aside from a Greek salad, I deplore creamy dressings.
One way I like to think about beer favourites is to imagine it this way:
62, rue d'Orsel
The fountains are still damaged from last year's flood.
I looked down. The boy’s long fingers were wrapped around my wrist like a cuff. His fevered touch felt hotter than human standards, hot enough to make me sweat like I was standing beside a radiator but not hot enough to burn.
Dedicated to the more than 10,000 women under the age of 40 who will be diagnosed this year alone, The SCAR Project is an exercise in awareness, hope, reflection and healing. The mission is three-fold: Raise public consciousness of early-onset breast cancer, raise funds for breast cancer research/outreach programs and help young survivors see their scars, faces, figures and experiences through a new, honest and ultimately empowering lens.
"Well, whoopee, I said rather cautiously. If it's true. But I'll have to see the detail before I dance a jig and open the champagne". How right I was to be a cynic. Because behind that happy headline lay an untold story.
We had no intention of running a shop.
A while back my dad was recounting an incident that happened when he was a police chaplain in Phoenix. He was on a ride-along when a report came in that there was a reckless, speeding car in a certain vicinity. They drove around and didn’t find it; however, they came upon a man and woman standing alongside the road in front of their house. Daddy recognized the woman as she had visited his church, and they stopped to inquire about the speeding car. The couple replied that they had not seen it, so the police man drove away, resuming his search. The car was never located. However, it was later revealed that the man and woman they questioned, had called the police and were outside waiting for them. Oops. They had been so focused on one problem, that they missed the most obvious need of the moment.
From my POV I have been gradually receding from public life since 1999(is this acrophobia) and therefore am not in this current that flows through many peoples lives to give them ideas; what have I left to pluck narrative from? I am also not one to invent either as I can’t think that far ahead and usually anything I imagine sounds empty and untrue when I read it back.
it’s about a pure and innocent girl named Meguru who went to school at an all girls school but now is starting her high school life at a co-ed school. Her parents have been overseas for the last eight years so her older brother practically raised her and developed a sister complex. Then Meguru meets her classmate named Yuuma who immediately falls in love with her and it just follows her crazy life as her brother and Yuuma try to win her over.
Contestant : My Nan’s Cardigan
42 Fun, Fun, Fun
In the final building stages, many days after the larvae has been safely encased, the parents “de-husk,” ripping their chitinous exoskeletons from each other and joining them at the thorax with dirt and dew. This last act seals their fate, attracting avian predators to the scene. Although the parents will die, it is with the knowledge that these same birds will commonly return to their nest with the churro, using it to construct their nest. In 21 years, the clothes line bug egg sac matures, with the newly-born insects often consuming the same family of birds that ate its parents!
The story is in two parts, and you'll want to pay close attention to the pivotal role of pork belly in the narrative.
Today marks day THREE of our exciting MAY PREVIEWS which will continue into next week!
Book Rating: 3/5
Portraits of Success: Candid Conversations with 60 Over-Achievers by Burt Prelutsky ($25.95, WND Books) is a delightful way to learn about many people whose names have been in the news for a long time as a result of their talents, skills, intelligence, and courage. Among those on whom the author shines his spotlight are syndicated columnist Charles Krauthammer, actor-director Carl Reiner, Joseph Wambaugh, singer Pat Boone and pollster John Zogby. This is a wonderful collection of short, entertaining, and insightful question-and-answer sessions in which these and others talked candidly with long time Hollywood writer and columnist, Burt Prelutsky. It doesn’t matter where you open the book, you will learn about actors, singers, ambassadors, authors, some departed, but most still on the scene, discovering surprising things about these remarkable, inspiring people. I heartily recommend this eclectic reading experience.
The lengthy Spiegel article that accompanies the photographs contains new details about the sadistic behaviour of the men.
I am looking forwards to what you were,
First, we told each other what we already knew about magnets, and I wrote that down. Then I sent the kids on a scavenger hunt to find household items, and we tested them with our magnets, which taught us even more about magnetism and what magnets do and do not attract.
However, the problem with trying to look cool, for example, takes us back to those dilemmas from our teens. Cool people seem to be effortlessly cool. People trying to be cool are inherently un-cool. So how do you make yourself look cool without looking like you’re trying to make yourself look cool? The risk of ridicule if you get it wrong is gut-knotting.
Di
People with Prader-Willi Syndrome can be prone to skin-picking, but in my little girl's case, fiddling with and feeling the string and the metal clasp of the whistle with her fingers seemed to negate the urge to pick.
...........Target weight 9st 2lb. Today, 9st 3lb. One back on, lol.
But lately we are so tired! We moved house at Christmas and since then we just have not stopped and life can sometimes feel like its moving a million miles an hour. When we do find time to sit down together it's usually in an exhausted stupor! At some point we wish to return to 'normal scheduled programming' but what with an uncomfortable pelvis, limited movement and a never ending virus the Husband has decided to bring date night to the house tonight. I'm intrigued to how we'll handle this with a two year old in the mix waiting to wake up at any second during our evening but nonetheless I'm secretly quite pleased with the effort to get some normality back to our lives and the thoughtfulness seeing as I can't move very far!
There’s misunderstandings all over the place here – I leave it to my good friend Matt to summarise my feelings…
Some popular financial advisors and authors of books on parenting advise not to give an allowance but rather to pay for chores performed. One argument in favor of this approach says that this method prepares children for the working world by teaching them that money must be earned. No work, no money. Less work, less money. More work, more money.
So this morning when I logged onto my Mozilla Firefox browser, like I do everyday...
8. Lack Of Sleep
Over 13 million American kids will be bullied this year, making it the most common form of violence experienced by young people in the nation. The new documentary film BULLY, directed by Sundance and Emmy-award winning filmmaker Lee Hirsch, brings human scale to this startling statistic, offering an intimate, unflinching look at how bullying has touched five kids and their families.
Emma is actually doing fairly well at this point. She is crying and upset, but she is cooperating and keeping her cool. The ice pop seemed to help with the pain. As gross as it sounds, she was swallowing most of the blood, so there wasn't as much to see. Seeing the blood is what made her the most upset.
“That door opens one way or another. Either we try to save these guys or you let them die. Choose.”
internet speed in my room is
Despite my readiness for something special it turned out to be disappointingly normal day. I got a late start. I drank too much coffee. I ate potato chips and regretted it. I took a long nap. I spent way too much time emailing my friends. I read some bad historical fiction (and I mean bad). It was hot outside. I got sweaty just watering my flowers and my tomato plants. I got extra sweaty during my walk.
Challenges begin on
Defending my dissertation, booyah! (You didn't think I'd be sick of saying that by now, did you?)...
Let’s get to the jazz. I just got back from Guy Faulkes bonfire (the guy who tried to destroy the Parliament) so we get there. There is a bonfire, and what do you think, people playing full-contact rugby. Very fun. Then a real fireworks show, not some douchey anti-bulling assembly. No offense to the Montclair PTA.
So that, dear readers, is your story for the day - the little hen and the big bad snake. A happy ending (apart from the loss of 3 hens and one little chicken). Little Banty (the one in the photo is still doing fine) is waiting for some more eggs to hatch).
drwxr-xr-x 5 root root 96 Oct 11 13:14 VRTSobgui
People of color make up 40 percent of bloggers, but only 26 percent of Internet users. According to the Pew Internet & American Life Project's "Blogger" report, which was based on findings from their February through April 2006 tracking surveys, 11 percent of bloggers are Black, 19 percent are English-speaking Hispanic and 10 percent are some other race or ethnicity.
The jury’s decisions are final and can not be appealed.
Puzzle Muteson — Will You Love Me Tomorrow
We are so excited to present the Mother Load Mother's Day Giveaway Event where ONE mom will take home the whole shabang!
(October 9, 2010) The average Afghan, and, indeed, the average American, may be deriving very little benefit from the United States' continued occupation of Afghanistan and the billions of U.S. taxpayer dollars that continue to be poured into that country, but in both countries the well-connected make out quite handsomely.
2. Is this your first readathon?
And this is really at the center of it all, these feelings and emotions, like love, that we all store in our heart. There are so many quotes that I have collected over the last few months since Mikayla's death that mention the heart. I want to share them with you today.
sailed home to Bagdad after a diplomatic
This is AFRICA, this is NOT the old Republic of South Africa, get it?
Gardening without digging and weeding sounds a bit unlikely. A bit like smoking without inhaling, you wonder what else there is? But with a little planning you can make your gardening life easier, avoiding that back breaking digging and tedious weeding. I'm all in favour of spending less garden time digging and weeding and more in the deck chair. If I had a deck chair that is.
Kenneth W: How has been a hot nerd girl made your life better? How has it made it worse?
Not too long ago (about 20 years ago, when I was in my early 30’s), I can recall how certain people in my company used to speak, in whispering tones, about a secretive and powerful group of people that were controlling the world’s affairs behind the scenes. Accusations were rife back then that it was a worldwide conspiracy by the Jews to take over the world. The name “ILLUMINATI” would occasionally also be softly murmured, almost as if it were forbidden to speak its name.
"I had far worse discipline problems than ever I had in London".
Just like floral arrangements, outside landscapes need balance, proportion, scale, and depth. Ever wonder why those Better Home and Gardens landscapes look so great? Like any good design, they have layers.
I'm writing about men in prison this week, so my thoughts are rather grim. Usually I sink down into the story and try to feel what my character might have felt, a rather intuitive approach. And I've been told that my writing needs more sensory detail to create something called "deep point of view." This means that the reader is so pulled into the character through description that uses the five senses that the reader can't stop turning pages.
Pecks away.
I'm not saying there aren't times when it is hard and things are not quite so wonderful. It seems like all doom and gloom out there, with all the problems that libraries, librarians and school librarians are having with closures, no funding and job cuts, and the retail side of things being squashed until there are so few bookshops left; not to mention publishers and publishing contracts being even harder to come by.
Many of our clients get Motorist Observation Reports about failure to use turn signals. In some cases, it’s one of the Top Five behaviors consistently reported. Is this critical to crash rates? The 2011 study states;
I think I may be turning psycho..
Do it for royal doulton
new people that I wouldn't have known otherwise and gain friendships. Another thing is inspiring. A quote I love says, "Inspire & be inspired." That's my goal. It's worked. I get comments all the time saying what a lovely blog I have and how something I've posted or a photo has meant something special to the specific person. I've also gained alot of confidence since starting TBA. You have to be really brave to put yourself out there. It takes courage to know that you're opening up a part of yourself that people could easily try to bring down. But, for every bad comment you get, there's ten more great people there to help push you back up.
To anyone wanting to get into the music industry, I’d definitely say you need to have an open mind, be patient, determined and most of all have thick skin! As I said before, it’s a tough industry to be, and there’s so much competition out there and everyone’s trying to outdo each other. Being a 20 year old female, I have had some stick definitely, not just from lads, but from girls too! The journey is by NO MEANS easy, but having the above qualities, the right attitude and good contacts it will stand you in good stead for the future!
Mark Y. Gilles, 33, New York, N.Y.
I'm having a birthday! And, so is Occasionally Crafty! I was born 30 something years ago this month, and this lovely little blog was born 2 years ago! I'm happy to celebrate, and I hope you'll celebrate with me! Please grab this button to share the news with your readers, or share it on Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Pinterest, or wherever you network.
He emphasised that Singaporeans should not read the resolution as a vote against the Yale-NUS liberal arts college, which is preparing to open next year and has begun recruiting faculty and students.
Consider this, Mutual Funds have a collective value today of $813 Billion versus the $58 Billion from above for ETF’s.
Here's my review ... with some comments on layout and design, multimedia, and that crucial element, the actual content; then some final thoughts.
Last time I asked you guys something like this I was going to stop coloring my hair.
Eh pack, wall street, and Zionists.
So, despite the fact that I keep doing my hair and make up (everyone keeps commenting how much I don’t look like I have mono) so I can fake it till I make it (which really makes almost no sense in this situation but it feels better to actually get ready in the morning despite the fact that I feel awful), I indulged myself and wore the simplest, least stylish outfit ever on the blog (also, this is my mono sucks face).
As yet no one has asked why I’m upset so I thought I’d share my distress with you all.
But here we are (scarily) six decades on, dear reader, and I have re-discovered a particular favourite from that era! Of course I never remembered its name at the time but on watching it again, the dim and distant memories started seeping back...
The dongles’ here to stay
Well, to begin with I must attest to the fact that I like sex---I don't mind if I read about it---I understand that the world would not be as populated without it---but, in a book of 900 + pages, many trees would have been saved, at least 100 pages could have been saved, if the redundancy had been cut out. OK, we get it--the clergy both male and female were not true to their vows! The nobility were able to abuse their serfs and did frequently. Yes, men lusted after women, and women after men...That's how we keep the earth populated despite wars, plagues and other natural disasters. But sometime enough is enough.
The topic of media presence is huge--much too big to be covered in a short blog post. There are many books on the topic. If you are about to embark on a media campaign or have found your past efforts to be unsuccessful, read up on the topic. There are also some excellent blogs and websites devoted to this topic. Do the research and talk to people who have experience, but most of all get out there and do something.
were automatically "cousins"!
Resisting the historical and continuing iinjustice against the Palestinian people requires us to raise the struggle of the working class and its historical perseverence as an avenue to raise its influence in national decision-making, something that would not be possible without the struggle of working class Palestinians for democracy and social rights.
But he ate 3 pieces of pizza for dinner and was running around fine and hasn't had a fever at all. . .
Doves flying in the distance
Today I want to share another layout created for The Papercraft Hub. This image of Liam has been sitting on my desk for some time. I guess I've just been waiting for the right kind of inspiration to scrap it! LOL! So with ANZAC day recently past, I decided it was time to document the story...
Pampers Wipes 60 ct+ $0.50/1
One of the most simple examples is people that has convinced themselves that “only bad things happen to them.” Why? Because their story emphasizes the bad or difficult events in their life and plays down or ignores the good things. They can tell tale after tale of “bad things” and then add up those examples to say that they aren’t supposed to be happy. One style of therapy refers to creation of a story that overemphasizes negative events as a “problem-saturated story.”
I will be brief today as I lost most of last week to a mega-migraine, so I'm behind on the film editing deadline and Handy Husband had to look after me and our paying guests all weekend. (He's very handy at that too. Love him for that).
and with ERP of
There were many things that were said in the heat of the moment on elections night as seat after seat fell safely into the Opposition’s hands exceeding the wildest wild dreams of even Jack Warner. I don’t remember who said what and what was real and what was a dream but I recall the crowd at Reinzi Complex making the Do-So sign as Percy Villafana briefly addressed them. Somebody said they beat them in the East, they beat them in the West…you know the rest. The PNM ship is now in dry-dock and a court-martial and even a flogging is due soon and few will disagree with what Crazy sang every night for this election season – Patrick Manning have to goe.
Yesterday I reviewed Hunger Games the books which I devoured over Spring Break. I promised to review the movie which I went to watch Sunday April 15 with my oldest daughter. K went to the midnight premier of the movie a few weeks ago, but she was willing to humor her old mom and go with me to see it. Let me just say right off the bat the movie was close to the plot line which is quite unusual in my opinion when a book is made into the movie; yet, the movie was sorely lacking.
Runner up
The following reader comments were posted on the above online story:
First, because a friend posted the link to one of the stories and asked what her followers opinions on it were.
because there are two people
My first sample didn't go well. I went through the entire project right down to the very last step. As soon as I turned it right side out, I realized something was VERY wrong. Yes, somewhere around the middle of the new Black Keys album, I had sewn the handles on not only backwards, but upside down. Genius. I was convinced that this was most certainly a problem in the pattern. I went back to the instructions and took another look....oh, okay, right, I did do that wrong. After ripping out the handles and putting them in the "right" way, I turned it right side out again, umm, nope, while they aren't upside anymore, one is still backwards. Ugh. One more rip and all is good.
The man notices I don’t follow and turns back to me. Already I can see the signs; his muscles are tensed and his stance is strong. He is not afraid to use force if he has to.
Rule #1 for staying alive in traffic is Assume everyone around you is a complete idiot and will not hesitate to cut across 4 lanes of bike traffic without even looking . Assume that everyone is capable of stopping right in front of you in the middle of the bike with no indication and will then sit there and block everyone for no reason at anytime.
The view was much better – we could see the whole track and the center-ice prep area, and had plenty of space to observe and admire the skating fans’ outfits. I’m not sure how the guy in the windmill shirt sneaked in, actually, without getting laughed out of town – almost everyone else wears bright colors, crazy hats, and ORANGE. Either that, or jail-break costumes….
Read this on Sheep Thrills Yarn's blog and loved it...thought I would share it with you here as it's a good way to start the new year...
Morning Folks
-TNA Founder Jeff Jarrett
Alabama: 198
My project that I'm starting to absolutely hate is supposed to fill the space above these pallet shelves. I'm not sure that I'll leave magazines in the shelves, or if I'll make something else (I've got ideas!!) to go in there. I like it for now though! Now, if my final project for this wall could just fix and finish itself... In the meantime, I'm linking up to these fun parties...go check them out!
Then a stranger arrives and tells the twins that Simon is a Storm Maker -- part of a clandestine group of people entrusted with controlling and taming the weather -- and that he is in great danger. Soon Simon and Ruby must race against the clock as they try to master Simon's powers in time to stop a rogue Storm Maker's treacherous -- and potentially deadly -- plans.
Living human beings are so pitiable…
Freedom to nap, drink cocoa.
The hurt and wounded I pacify with soothing hand,
Botha and Botha's advisers feared that Hindon was a facilitator for the rebels. This suspicion was more an expression of the paranoia of a besieged government than a reality as Jack Hindon by the time he received Botha's letter was blind, paralyzed and in extreme pain. The only functional organ in his body was his brain which remained alert, incisive, and master of its owner.
The following year most major cities around the world followed suit and now Earth Hour is a world-wide annual event in which all lights (except those that are absolutely necessary) are turned off from 8:30 – 9:30PM on the last Saturday in March.
The problem is, the savings I’m talking about is actually my retirement savings.
I'm sure many of you are tired of hearing about The Hunger Games, but tough patooties. We (Charlie and I and a few friends) finally got around to seeing it, so here's another round of it!
Other people are starting to shout. I am receiving encouraging comments to carry on shouting.
I imagine that Elizabeth had the same reaction as I did: what sick-and-twisted master of the universe decided to put this goofball mooning over me all day in each of my classes? I'd file a restraining order if I could.
They look so yummy in that picture! I had them for lunch today and they were quite delicious. I brought two with me and could only get through one and a half before I had to stop. Below are the ingredients and the process for making these yummy things:
FURTHER RECOMMENDED STUDY
Tom Woolgrove, managing director of Direct Line, which still has a dominant position in the home insurance market, said the firm has been working with the ABI in an attempt to influence the Government regarding the provision of a sustainable national plan for flood prevention.
Fortunately, there’s only so far you get with a first name.
Anyhow, what I want to talk about are clothes itself and what I actually saw on the shelf in a store awhile back.
the fort had been built at a river crossing point on Hadrians wall, they picked some good places didn't they, well at least when the sun is shining...
As spring has sprung here in North Texas I've been a busy bee with lots of things that are not related to posting on the blog and as a result postings here have been few and far between. As such, today 's post deals with a fun two days I spent with my sixth grade students on our annual sixth grade campout at a ranch in the piney woods of east Texas.
By “scientifically” I mean “based on my own very special criteria that varies by the day, and generally boils down to my personal taste.”, but I realize that my just saying so doesn’t make for a good read, so here’s my thought process..
If you thought the suggestion that you should get your shirts pressed on hubby's account was offensive then cop your Vogue-weary eyeballs on these beauties from the article "Magic Touch" on female entrepreneurs investing in fashion. If you think this is about celebrating self made career women then these come with a health warning: high blood pressure may result.
After spending Thanksgiving day with my family in Kentucky preparing food, eating food, napping after food, and good conversation and games, Jeff and I set out for Florida to spend the weekend visiting his family and friends in the Tampa area.
You also found out that this candidate is very compatible with your business and will be comfortable selling your stuff right from the “get-go” to the ramp up time to success will be much shorter than most.
stuff, or actually spending
And you can see all my stupid bravery and cowardice in action at The Rumpus, where I picked a fight with Rick Moody when he wrote about Bella Santorum and with other commentators when they argued, among other things, that Santorum (and people like him, I presume) have no right to pursue their own interests and their own careers--their duty is to care for their disabled children, period, having made, I presume their "choice." But I mention this because I do feel I perhaps misunderstood and misjudged what Moody was trying to say, even though I can't quite sort it out. In the end, I do think he was trying to argue that Bella should be left out of it, loved, and left alone. You can judge me if you like. Undoubtedly, I deserve it.
-gold necklace
There’s such a blizzard of misinformation out there that it’s hard to pick any one thing to single out, but David Frum picks up on one bit from the Paul/Paul show: the remarkable way many on the right now portray the postwar years of prosperity as a triumph of libertarian principles.
The Gospel was the truth. Jesus was the Christ, the promised Messiah of Israel. Jesus was the Savior of the world. Jesus was the very Son of God.
A Flintstone Christmas ... ABC Family ... 12 AM
This was how I had hoped to start our writing celebration on Friday but somehow I forgot to open with the jokes and got right down to business.
Where is our evidence that the New Testament is also God-breathed?
You know, folks, the history books are full of people who overcame a handicap to go on and make a success of themselves, but Jesse is one of the few I know of who didn't overcome it. Instead he used his paranoia to make a million dollars, and become one of the best-loved characters of all time in doing it!
Obama, meanwhile, made a campaign stop at the University of North Carolina Tuesday before appearing at the school with another SAL alum, Jimmy Fallon, for a taping of his late night show.
“No fish tonight, hooray!” They cheered in unison.
Betty Crocker Save $.40/1 cookie mix pouch 17.5oz+ (5/19)
What therapies has your occupational therapist prescribed for your SPD? Do you know of anyone who suffers from this condition?
6. Presidential election. I just want it over so we can stop all the bickering and we can find out which of the two, not really a great choice to be president, candidates will be trying to put our country back together
To link up your creation, please use the Mr Linky in the Top right side bar or at the bottom of this post.
This is day # 4 of making every meal I eat from scratch, using nothing with more than 1 ingredient on the label.
In pastry dough,
Gotta Get To You Baby
But He came for me anyway...
I don't have a scalloped square die, or a scalloped punch for that matter (I had 2 before we moved house, but none now) and I wanted a pretty mat, so I cut out some borders with a Marianne die, then chopped them in half lengthways, cut them to the lengths I needed to go around the square and stuck them on :)
Thank you Mom and Dad, and Happy Mother's Day.
To say the least, I was amazed. Three times a week I was gathering residents around me show from the Scriptures that Jesus was the Christ. I was able to clearly and thoroughly as possible urge them to repent and trust in Him for hope beyond the grave. Family members of residents would join sometimes. Co-workers would overhear. I had an absolute ball.
I tend not to read much crime fiction because I’m frightened of being influenced by other writers. Maybe that’s why my novels are a little different from the mainstream crime novels. Peter Temple is an obvious master storyteller, who is quite rightly respected internationally. THE BROKEN SHORE isn’t just a great crime novel it’s a great novel. Adrian Hyland’s DIAMOND DOVE was a stunning debut.
The gossip columnist is still hard at work but her identity is still in question. As a reader it is intriguing to when Quinn will reveal the identity.
Hey Mr. This is a beer.Gimme a call back on what you’re at alright. Thanks.
It seems that even the Chinese are susceptible to such petty rancour. I was shocked to read about a man from Chongqing whose front door has been glued shut more than 30 times by an anonymous fiend. Had it happened only five or six times, one might have dismissed it as the prank of a practical joker, but gluing a door shut 30 times clearly amounts to a vendetta. Whoever is responsible must be motivated by boundless malice and a peculiar obsession about denying his victim free passage to and from his own property.
Me: “Yeah! It’s great.”
If you could only be a master of one of the following elements of writing (and just okay at the rest), which would you choose:
Brayan is off to a fairly decent start this year. He is hitting .250, which is basically his career average, and nearly half of his hits are doubles.
Get an copy-right free image from the Internet that you like that is related to hearts ,one heart or entwined hearts( as it is for Valentine's day ) .Trace this image or draw it freehand on card, then cut out with scissors so you have a template as above.
Obreht has a bright, bright future ahead of her. We travel with a young female doctor in the Balkans coping with the loss of her grandfather. The story switches between the grandfather's past and his granddaughter's search for closure. I'm not sure Magical Realism would be appropriate for the story as those aspects are hardly the point, but the story of the deathless man and tiger's wife definitely give you reason to push forward if the emotional story wasn't enough for you. Highly recommended.
These guys are almost at eye level from our balcony on the backside of our apartment. In the top middle image you can see our apartment complex on the left, the street between us, and the building being renovated.
9. Bake in oven at 180 degrees Celsius until the top is brown and golden.
Hidden Power
Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) Therapeutics under Development by Companies 10
Muffins are quick and easy to make but usually best eaten on the day they are baked. So I got all the ingredients measured out and put on one side before going to bed. Then in the morning, in between taking Nick to the station for the 7.30am train and taking Lulu for her morning walk, I mixed them up and popped them in the oven.
Even though The Colonel had bought a lot that extended up to Seventh Street, the original hotel building didn’t go up that far. The north part of the lot had been occupied prior to 1928 by a service building that contained things like the kitchens, storage, and servants’ quarters.
It’s important to realize that being responsible for yourself in everyday life is the first step in public health and your personal health. Being aware of risks and taking the time to take the proper precautions is the key in staying well.
-About 11 tons of trash will be collected at the 24 fluid stations, much of it cardboard, plastic jugs and cups. The 24 station “captains” have more than 400 years of experience combined. Along the course, 137 bands (all vetted by New York Road Runners) will perform on dozens of stages. Runners can check their times on the 106 clocks on the course.
6. The House of Representatives found in respect of the 445,000 barrels a day, that the NNPC produced the following based on its 53% local refining capacity and 47% SWAP/Offshore arrangement;
“The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace alarmed–and hence, clamorous to be led to safety–by menacing it with an endless series of hobgoblins, all of them imaginary.”
… and write myself a letter.
It may be all that hear
MPs from the ANC and opposition parties reacted angrily and said it was unacceptable that citizens were prosecuted for losing their private weapons while police officials got off scot-free.
Sori is just one of many women subject to torture and sexual violence in custody. In a recent report, the Asian Centre for Human Rights documented that four custodial deaths had occurred daily in India over the past decade. Those demanding medical attention for Sori fear the worst by the time she is granted a final hearing.
With that said, I am still going to be plugging our fundraisers, so READ BELOW!!!! :)
Very little of Margery's poetry was published in her lifetime, and none since. On the Opening of the Leeds and Bradford Railway was published in a local Bradford newspaper. However, she did arrange to have a volume of her poems -entitled Fallen Leaves- privately printed and she deposited the result at Bradford Central Library. It was borrowed only rarely, although when I was living in West Yorkshire in the 1980s I was lucky enough to come across across it by accident in the poetry section. I was quite interested in her at the time: I made photocopies of quite a lot of it. I was reminded of it all when I came across them in a cardboard box the other day when I was cleaning out the attic. Hopefully, thanks to the internet, it will now be possible to give her the readership she deserves. I intend to publish a number of her poems in a series of occasional posts.
“Excellent,” Wei rubbed his free hand on his cheek and then wrinkled his nose at the remaining smell from his damp socks. “We are working to locate the American headquarters. Once we have done so, may I reach you on this channel for further planning and tactics?”
And the quarks are invisible in opium frenzy
Happy Feet’s tracking device stopped transmitting several days ago, but Massey University Associate Professor John Cockrem says it’s highly likely the bird is still alive.
Zig said, “Bathing doesn’t either. That’s why I recommend it daily!”
and me unique
"Predators" is a movie that set out to return this venerable sci-fi action franchise to basics--after a decade of comic book and movie cross-overs with Fox's other killer alien property, the xenomorphic, acid-dripping Aliens. And it does a fantastic job of doing just that.
“Conner!” my grandmother calls.
Choosing a laptop can attract a hefty financial outlay, so when you are choosing, one factor you should have in mind is the lifespan of a laptop. You may find a great deal for a laptop but then have to buy a new one every year.
The Embassy put on a great 4th of July community celebration, complete with fireworks and patriotic tunes. I must admit, as the fireworks were going off over the city of Yerevan, and God Bless America was playing in the background, I got a little teary eyed! This being our first 4th of July abroad, it was definitely a day to remember!
I had to go to school early to pick the kids up because Oakley had another dr appt...she still cant breath through her nose...that's generally a problem I guess. :) So after an hour and a half with five kids at the doctors office, we headed out with steroid treatments, and we were off to my dads to wish him a QUICK Happy Birthday. It's about 5:30, and I had a preschool meeting at 7. So I hit my kids through the 1/2 price Happy Meal line at McDs, and head to my dad's in Eagle. I couldn't even give him his birthday present because it was stuck on our old hard drive from our computer crashing...so I showed up empty handed...
1 x Full Alpha
3. What are some of the ways you’ve marketed your book? Any tips for newcomers to the e-publishing world?
With 40% of google searches now being for local services and products and 92% of those people going on to buy that service or product, you can’t afford not to be marketing your local business online anymore.
Not too shabby, huh? The people that we dealt with at this park too, were among the nicest we’ve met anywhere. Great place!
What if you had something of value to offer them? What if you were a LEADER who actually had something of value to offer them? What if you sold yourself as a mentor, someone who knew what 95% of other network marketers did not know? Sounds better than chasing uncle bob doesn’t it? So at this point check MLSP out. You have nothing to lose but some time in exchange for some free training. Click Here and get a jump on your competition or befriend them and make it happen. Your Current and Future downline are dependent upon your knowledge, training and resources.
And yet the future beckons — we wondered how to keep in touch with the nephew in Afghanistan…he figured it out on his own…his weapon of choice? Facebook.
and erasing it with a chalkboard eraser.
The laughter filled their long hard days
Also recommended? Seven American craft brews that "are setting a new standard for the next generation of beer." These include:
Timeless Truth: Life is meaningless unless God is the center of one’s life (Ecclesiastes 1:1-11;2:1-26;12:1-14).
Some were subjected to harsh treatment by other inmates, who pushed their heads into the toilet bowl while assaulting them, while others had to surrender their food as fights broke out in the cells during meal times.
Bake them for 20 minutes per dozen then poke it with a tooth pick to see if they are done.
From Webster online: a: high or special regard
I don't know how old it is but it was made in the USA. Maybe this will jog some past trip memories for someone!
My outfit: Click the pic for outfit deets and the date I actually wore it.
On this day in 1975, Jim Kaat's twelve game winning streak screeches to a halt against the Orioles in a 3-2 loss in Baltimore.
It's pretty hard for me to pick a favorite piece in this room, but this one's a real contender. My mom and I (okay, mostly my mom) recovered this baby in about 2 hours, and I still can't get over how great it turned out. The oar side table is from Christmas Tree Shops, and the rug from World Market.
...that this is my third link-up of the week.
Though most people in Timor-Leste speak Tetum by adulthood, many have a tenuous grasp of the language during their first years of schooling.
“We’re also keen for students and other groups to consider working collectively on a NEOS project. For the last few years, we’ve been lucky enough to be home to the Knit Wits, a group of knitters led by VSA Trustee Rosy Wood, who come together for NEOS each September. The knitters covered the farm in multi-coloured woollen sheep last year and have already organised their 2012 designs. They’ve gone for a topical animal theme but to find out more, you’ll have to visit in September!”
Many people have authority over me, many people get to dictate the things that I do or say. I have made many people “lord” over me, but that is “lord” not “Lord.” Paul calls the individual to confess that Jesus is THE Lord. As in above every rule, every authority, every power. Jesus is the name that is above all names not only on Earth (in this age) but in heaven (in the one to come) cf. Eph 1:18ff.
Coming to you.
Ryan became utterly obsessed after the first bite, and asked me to make this again. I fell in love with the flavors even quicker. It tasted like bruschetta in sandwich form, but with the creamy, decadent, mozzarella embracing it every step along the way. Making this with sourdough was a good call (by accident, actually. I thought I grabbed wheat).
…During the 16th century, when the witch craze swept Europe, it was those areas with the best-developed inquisitions that stopped the hysteria in its tracks. In Spain and Italy, trained inquisitors investigated charges of witches’ sabbaths and baby roasting and found them to be baseless. Elsewhere, particularly in Germany, secular or religious courts burned witches by the thousands.
“In the last five years, contract costs have increased at nearly twice the rate of overall budget spending, reaching over ten billion in spent public funds,” said Council Member Letitia James. “The vast majority of these expenditures go towards personnel and professional service contracts, and there has been considerable evidence that some of these contracts are poorly-managed and lack needed oversight. I hope this legislation strengthens the Council’s commitment to contracts review, and the overall goal of cutting costs and identifying savings.”
So I liked church. I mean…really liked church. It was the center of much of my life and the place I met some of my closest friends. It was the place that provided a solid foundation for my faith, where I learned that—contrary to popular opinion—women could be (and were) ordained, not only as deacons but also as ministers, where everyone knew my name (a la Norm from Cheers).
In the records it will be found that Jeremiah the prophet ordered the deportees to take some of the fire with them as indicated, and that the prophet, in giving them the law, directed the deportees not to forget the commandments of the Lord or be led astray in their thoughts, when seeing the gold and silver idols and their adornments.a
You can be sure there will be stories and photos when I'm home again. Now, I'm off to pack!
The two men to her left share a glance before the closest one leans over. "They're warming up."
I’ve generally kept an active lifestyle. From elementary school through the first half of high school, I was a competitive gymnast. (And for the record, gymnastics didn’t cause my ED; my coach was the first to pick up on it and the first to urge me to get help.) In college, I started learning US Yoshukai Karate and started competing at tournaments around the Southeast. I did have to take a five-year break from most physical activity due to back pain so bad I could hardly stand for more than 30 minutes per day, but that has been successfully treated. Now I walk almost everywhere I go–appointments, pharmacy, grocery shopping, knitting group–and take a kung fu class three times a week.
Bruno said she needs to be more precise and have more control. Carrie Ann commented on how confident she’s becoming, but agreed with Bruno about the lack of control. Len said there were some excellent good parts and other parts that were not so good.
A Pocket Cloud, complete with silver lining - $18
I was in an area where I was not familiar, but there were homes, apartments, and cars parked in driveways-nothing too special, EXCEPT, the clouds in the sky were forming words. One cloud formed into my name, as if to say, “Yes, We see you. We hear you. We know what are enduring!” I suddenly felt a sense of comfort and encouragement, even though I still did not receive a definite answer to my question. I also sensed that everything was going to be fine. Then, just as quickly as I saw my name, the cloud re-formed into a typical cloud in the sky. As I continued to look all around me, clouds were forming into words, but there were too many and they were so quick, that I could not read all the words! Then, my eyes were led to the windows of the homes around me. In each home, I could see people sitting in front of their televisions and computers. I thought to myself…”How mind-numbing! And I am just as guilty, because I sit in front of the television and computer just like everyone else here!” I thought, “But why the televisions and computers? Why show me this” Then, I realized that some people I know-including myself-tend to do just that! When we get frustrated and exasperated with life, we tend to withdraw from the world around us and do things that are more “mind-numbing” so we can forget our troubles for a while….Shortly after, I heard a very quiet voice telling me to “Go and spend more time outside.” I felt that the message was not just saying “go outside” per say-but to get “out there” with nature and people, make more connections, be more active, take part in what’s positive not negative, be what you are supposed to be. Return to self.
WE ARE TO PRAISE GOD BECAUSE OF:
And yet more from Maggies Notebook about Jaime Zapata’s murder at the hands of more guns…does anyone remember some time ago when Mexican officials were claiming that US guns were making their way into their country?
Other: Inkido- klart embossingpulver
The auditor-general's report notes that "the extent of investigations commissioned suggests a control environment where fraud and financial misconduct are not prevented".
Sixteen-year-old Katniss Everdeen, who lives alone with her mother and younger sister, regards it as a death sentence when she steps forward to take her sister's place in the Games. But Katniss has been close to dead before—and survival, for her, is second nature. Without really meaning to, she becomes a contender. But if she is to win, she will have to start making choices that will weigh survival against humanity and life against love.
The Letter A
The story also notes that New York State Governor Andrew Cuomo convened a meeting March 12, bringing together state health department officials and haredi leaders. Cuomo’s liaison to the Jewish community, Emily Saltzman, referred the Forward’s questions about the meeting to his press office, which did not respond to multiple messages.
Such unusual gestures are as typical of Miles as they are atypical of most performing artists; they come as a surprise only to those who know the enigmatic trumpet player from a distance. Since his first appearance on the music scene some twenty-six years ago, Miles Davis has ben the subject of controversy; endearing with his music, offending with his personality. That is to say, his personality as it is most commonly interpreted, for the forbidding mask of hostility that in many minds characterizes Miles is just that: an image fostered by his own, deliberate lack of showmanship, and sculptured by reporters who have failed to recognize a serious artist at work. We don’t, after all, expect Rostropovich or Casadesus to warm up their audiences with small talk, and Miles Davis is as serious about his music as were Brahms and Schubert.
(2 Chronicles 19:5-7 (NIV))
* If you earned more than 1 envelope, you may open all the envelopes with our staff and pick the prize you prefer.
Let it sit there like a glowing light in the dark waiting for you to bask in it.
The library updates and you realize you have lost your collection of 100 million songs. You’ve lost your entire library alongside your most valuables – those original bootlegged recordings of Martha Wainwright singing a soul-rousing rendition of “Non, Je Ne Regrette Rien” and in that moment, you regret. You regret everything.
Next step, again using my sander and 150 grit paper, I sanded again, paying close attention to the corners and edges. The trick is to get those areas to really look worn down. (Do not sand off all the stain, you just want to distress it a little by removing some of it.) And then again with 220 grit to get everything nice and smooth. Wipe down with another clean dry rag to remove every last bit of sanding dust. Then I took another clean, dry rag and used Minwax Paste Finishing Wax in Natural to wax each board. Then wipe to a nice smooth finish. It will be so smooth and lovely.
“In the month of July 2007, I was sad in my husband’s, best friend’s, parents’ presence, and so they asked me, ‘Why does your face look so sad when you are not really sick (no brain tumors)? You must be sad in your heart.’ I was very afraid, but I said to them, ‘I love you dearly! And why should I not be sad when the other half of my family (my ancestors) are missing, hidden from me, and my heart is heavy because I feel lost.’”
5. command strips — i never really knew about these things until college, because the housing department was so adamant about not nailing holes into their building’s walls in order to hang your beloved justin beiber poster. command strips are awesome! i actually used them to display my travel photography show in a hair salon that was all stucco and concrete, and they stayed strong for the 6 months they were displayed! easy cleanup, no holes, and they are great for people who like to hang galleries in their homes without having to make calculations! all you need is a little level! do i sound like i’ve done this before? if you are asking, then yes, i have.
When a person uses deep consciousness to affect the world around them, they are exerting active consciousness.
I try my best not to trivialize their fears or mortifications. Although they sometimes seem meaningless in our adult world, they are very real in their world! I try to address the fears and try to find an answer (operative word here being TRY)! We do the usual catching the nightmares in a box and emptying it outside, opening closet doors and checking under beds to make sure no errant monster is lurking. When all fails, we sing praises of the monsters and talk about how adorable they are. Who doesn’t love Elmo and Grover? So I dealt with this fear the usual way – talked, reassured! Unfortunately, the fear of monsters are slowly but steadily giving way to fears of more tangible things in life, like poverty, divorces, animal cruelty, abuse, and finally, the huge mystery of death. Ryan is slowly becoming cognizant of the fact that there is a lot of sadness juxtaposed with the happiness in this world. In life, there are a lot of uncertainties, lot of insecurities. He is looking around him and he is not seeing a bed of roses. This loss of innocence is inevitable, I know. I cannot save him from this, probably shouldn’t try to either. But what I can and will do is assure him that his dad and I will try our best to be anchors in his life, TRY our best to keep the real sadness at bay for him. We will do everything in our power to give him a rose garden, but still there will be those occasional thorns in his path. We will hold his hand and help him bypass those, on his way to the grown up world, till he himself is ready to let go of our fingers.
Problem is, I do not have a jointer plane that can be used for step two. The wooden one that I made is set up for fine shavings along the edge of a board. I don't have time to make a new one, nor do I wish to part with more money having spent a chunk of change on lumber for my workbench.
Burp cloths:
"He must ensure that investigating officers responsible for these cases are summarily disciplined and that new investigators are placed on these cases."
Duarte appears to defend the Zuma's legal action and his large damages claim.
Feeling peace of heart and mind is love. The quiet thrill of seeing a sunset or hearing a songbird is love, and a smile is one of the simplest and most radiating expressions of love.
It is important to make sure the game is compatible with RC devices because while trying out the old versions of the games, as quite a few of the games could not support it.
In a large iron pot bring water to a boil. Add washed stones, salt, pepper, carrots, cabbage, beef, potatoes and barley. Add optional beef bullion if desired. Cook until veggies and barley are tender. Add milk just before serving.
after a big day, dreaming about tomorrow!
I am so excited about this. 4 years is a milestone in more ways than one.
There are a number of options you might consider such as computer training, presentation skills training, project management training, financial management training and assertiveness training just to name a few. If you can think of something about yourself that you'd like to improve, you can probably quickly find a course or some sort of training to take. Plus, taking training courses - especially if your employer pays for it - is a great way to keep active and network with others who might help your career.
Closed Captioned: Yes
Q: Having to (film) concurrently with the ongoing of the tour must have been quite hard?
“Sorry about that, Danny, but in fact for the time being I’ve given up DJ-ing entirely. Now, it’s all down to horror films…”
I say “It was going great until I realized my favorite chocolate isn’t on sale!” I added sad eyes and a frown.
Jim Murray's 2011 Whisky Bible is available for preorder. Now in its eighth year, the Whisky Bible is a massive compendium of whisky tastings. Murray rates whiskies of all types from all over the world. Now, I personally think Murray's ratings are pretty much useless, but it's a very thorough listing of current releases and it's always interesting to see what he thinks. More importantly, Murray is a great writer, and the articles in the front of the book, and prefacing each section, are usually worth the price alone.
On the negative side, he tends to think he already knows everything. Trust me... he doesn't. He tests us lately, staying up too long, sleeping late, and grumbling when asked to do chores.
Day 8: (Platelets 53,000)
Fact #18: E = Sara Lomas.
So I straight away shake my head without saying anything,
“We want Singapore to be a competitive economy and an inclusive society, where the benefits of growth are distributed fairly and widely. We want this to remain a vibrant land of opportunity which continues to attract investors and which helps Singaporeans to create a brighter future for ourselves.” – Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong
1. God's Amazing Love that stretches infinitely before and beyond time.
It was a great evening, marred only by my mobile - I'd left the children home alone, as the eldest is capable of earning good money babysitting other people's kids and therefore has to do the odd freebie for me, all well and good until the babysitter goes to bed...which he had done (it was mid week afterall) and then the stupid dog got confused (not the sharpest knife in the drawer is our Logan, although if there was a crumb of food in said drawer he'd find it) everyone had gone to bed but he hadn't been out for his snack & a wee**. So the stupid beast had woken Jas by barking (Ben slept on, oblivious) and Jas upset and confused rang me. In retrospect it was probably a good job I was called away from Lulu's, the 3 (large) glasses of wine I consumed seemed like such a good idea at the time, but the following morning I had to suffer through 90 minutes of tortuous pilates and then a further equally painful 90 minutes of German - I think it's fair to say that it was not one of my better lessons, there were moments when I couldn't even remember the English words for what I wanted to say, let alone the German.
I expect your honest review once it's stood the test of time Heidi, k?
I'm mostly angry with myself though. That I could turn into this person. The 24 year old me would kick my ass if she could see me today.
There is so much we need to do, baby things to buy, lists of names to make, beds to buy, a house full of clutter to sort through and tidy and a damp/mould problem on one wall of the house to get to the bottom of, before the baby is even allowed to arrive! I think I'll start with a cup of tea, a sit down and make a list!
July 7 New York, NY Yankee Stadium
He says "On 3rd March 2011, I am participating in Vertical Rush - it's a race to the top of Tower 42 in the City of London - up the stairs - all 183 metres of them! I'm doing it in order to do something difficult and to raise funds for Shelter."
And run he did, right that very moment, to whatever was waiting for him not-here ♥
Row 6- ch1, turn, sc in each sc.
1 tablespoon finely minced rosemary
Thank you all for sharing God’s word with me. We are all growing together in love, acceptance and forgiveness. This blog is not about me, or popularity. It’s not about if you respond or not. It’s about receiving a word for your life or perhaps to help someone else. If it’s meant for you then it would be for you. More importantly it’s for spiritual growth and maturity for myself. It’s about unity in Christ. It’s about Love. Its about standing in truth and seeking Christ, so they we may be worthy to stand before Him and inherit eternal life. Glory to you Father for dying for my sins and all others too. My god given gifts is to glorify your name, not for fortune and fame. Denying myself for your glory. Trying to tell others of your story. A price paid for our sins that goes unspoken or unoticed to some.
Of course, later that night Hex learns that Smith is a horrendous snorer and Smith learns that Hex won't put up with it. Smith finds himself out in the hall and eventually ends up at the livery. The livery owner says he'll charge Smith the same rate as a horse and then they walk past the bodies of the Price boys. The owner says that since Smith saw the bodies, he'll have to charge him a nickel as well. Smith replies to put it on Hex's tab.
If you are a new reader to my blog, I recommend catching up in the "testimony" posts.
It is very rare that I will watch TV. Even rarer that I’ll actually start watching a series. I generally watch one episode and just never get round to the rest. So I’ve seen one episode of The Wire, one episode of 24 and one of The Sopranos, possibly 2 of Lost but you get the idea. I have a few notable exceptions. All have no more than 6 programmes in a series and were either on BBC iPlayer or 4OD so that they’re both digestible and can be fitted into a relatively sporadic lifestyle. All happen to be British as well but that’s probably just a semi-interesting aside.
9) Aria from Under the Never Sky by Rossi
By defining worship as a noun (person, place, thing, or idea), Webster is indicating that the word has physical properties, parameters, substance — belonging.
Those who know me, know that I am trying to follow a “Free Range” type of parenting style. I am striving to give my children the kind of childhood that my husband and I had growing up. I want them to grow, to explore their world, to gain confidence and independence. I want them to know that mom and dad are here, always, but that they are strong, capable, and able to do so much. To do this, I have to be willing to let them try new things, to explore their world, and yes, even fall down and get dirty or *gasp* hurt a little bit!
The Crucible is impossible to complete unless every race in the galaxy works together. By completing the Crucible we have proven to the Reapers that, in the words of the Catalyst, the solution will no longer work. “The fact that you are standing here, the first organic ever, proves it.” Chaos can coexist with order, synthetics can get along with organics. Because of Shepard, we’ve succeeded and earned the right to choose our own fate.
26 Rudy Wants To Buy Yez A Drink 2:46
* What’s next for Philip Reeve? Can you tell us about any new or upcoming projects?
That’s Mount Hermon in the background! In the extreme northeast of Israel (the “Golan Heights”), Mount Hermon with its 2,814-meter peak is the country’s highest point (and the only mountain with ski slopes…)
She looked at the "dimes" and "nickels" and said: "We don't take those small coins here. You can't pay with those. Spend them elsewhere." She would accept the twenty-five cent coins, however, and some dollar coins. It didn't matter, but it was confusing. Earlier, I had paid for some metro tickets with old Canadian five-dollar bills from the same stash of money and caused some astonishment. The ticket-seller in the booth down in the metro must have been all of 25 years old. He looked at the banknotes which were probably older than he was and proclaimed them "relics" — he said I should hold onto such old bills because they might be valuable.
Long live Islam, long live Islam.
That fourth notecard will star the remaining girls,
“It has healing properties,” said Joe.
Dead Skunk...Louden Wainwright III
Everything else is still in the works. The brewery is in it's infancy. I have the domain, and most of the logo. The website still needs work, but I have a plan. I'm working on raising the capital to get it going. That street looks good. I'll know more in the coming months. So stay tuned for that.
I hope that you enjoy the book and tell me what you thought of it. Hope to hear from you.
The work itself has been great, I’ve become excited about law and about commercial property again, just like I used to be once upon a time. I’ve been working mainly on completion and post completion steps of leases. I have been told I’ve been getting on well and they’ve been pleased with the work I’ve turned out. I have had to keep going back to them about things – but it’s all procedural stuff and hopefully won’t take me too long to get the hang of it.
The Cuban Five were arrested and given harsh and unjust sentences for
Keeping it "old school" I prepared fresh, homemade Potato Latkes (Potato Pancakes) for family and friends this past December for the holiday of Chanukah (or Hannukah). Using a traditional recipe from my well-used cookbook (btw those are the best recipes coming from a worn-out cookbook) I had an extra challenge: make Gluten-free Potato Pancakes! No problem since I enjoy several Gluten-free products and know where the very large supply of Gluten-free products are in my market.
During the first visit by an American defense secretary to the country in seven years, Mr. Panetta used a speech at Superior War College here to focus on smoothing a sometimes thorny relationship and promoting American weapons sales.
By then, with any hope, he’ll be beyond the help of more reasonable men and be enthralled by a day like half past August.
The snow was gone by Monday and we were OK with that! On Tuesday while walking to the car after school, Aiden noticed a snow drift. "Look Mommy, It "sowed"" I guess he wasn't quite ready for it to melt away yet!!!
On Thursday, both sides argued the issue before the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals, which is expected to issue an opinion in the near
08. Jack Of All Trades
Sincerely, a NYC public school teacher,
03 Rome - Beware Soul Snatchers (Black Nosed Buddha Mix) (5:07)
My little cottage had been vacant for quite sometime before I moved in; and apparently it’s porch had been a frequent pit-stop for transients and vagrants. My second night here, I surprised one gentleman in the middle of loosening his pants with, “Please don’t pee on my porch”, through the window! He left pretty quickly, and I hoped that was the end of it, until Sunday morning I woke up to find trash and salsa all over my porch from someone’s feast… along with a trail of eager ants!
The Former Trojan of Mount Parnassos
Look at what you do to fulfill the needs of others as it will likely make a difference in what and how you do what you do and in the way you describe and explain what you do.
This is a government that came into power on all things Calder Hart….indeed Anand Ramlogan (remember him? the AG?) had staked his reputation as our AG on getting both Calder Hart and Parick Manning locked up for corruption. It stands to reason then that upon coming into office all contracts Trinidad and Tobago had with Calder Hart or any of his companies would have been suspended pending investigations. Especially when you realise that the Govt of Trinidad and Tobago actually losing $$$ on the deal with Sunway Construction.
They have gelled this season. The players all seem to have confidence in one another and they are playing really solid basketball for a number of reasons. One of those reasons is Jrue Holiday.
put our feet up on while reading!
All is not doom and gloom, however. Nature, with its wonderful tendency to restore equilibrium, provides us humans the cure to almost any affliction we might develop. Ancient healers even believed that nature helped humans discover the cure to their illnesses in subtle and mysterious ways:
We said to God, “What do you want to do?” It seemed like God just led us here.
Holy time, healing news
Enjoy the weekend!
freemen shall stand
I love my DVs from last year (check them out here) and have been sold on the line. The gold accents are so pretty. I've tried these on in person and they're the perfect flat.
Marcie is easy to identify with. When it is discovered that her father has been cheating--with another man--Marcie's mother takes Marcie and flees to their summerhouse in New Hampshire. Marcie's mother has always flirted with depression, and now that her family is falling apart, she finds herself unable to function properly. Marcie is alone and must function as the parent, doing errands such as grocery-shopping and running to the laundromat. On top of that, her mother refuses to return to Idaho at summer's end, which means Marcie has to start at a new school, thousands of miles away from her boyfriend and her friends The Leftovers. Anyone who's ever been uprooted and forced to move (as well as those who haven't!) will emphasize as Marcie attempts to fit in all over again. She questions whether her boyfriend back home could also be gay since he never attempted to go further than first base with her and slowly forms a new relationship with a local boy...even though she never breaks up with her boyfriend. (But this is handled in such a way that you never hate Marcie, unlike many books with similar situations.) When her mother discovers that she's seeing someone, she calls her ex-husband, who comes and takes Marcie back to Idaho. Marcie's life is ripped apart all over again. There are consequences to her actions from her time in New Hampshire, and Marcie no longer completely fits into her old life.
Hundreds of thousands of Afrikaners have fled South Africa, like I have with my family, or have died at the bullets and blades of the merciless mob. Unless the world stands up for the Afrikaners soon, there will be none left.
So what do you think of Blogger's new CAPTCHA techniques? Those are the fuzzy words that must be deciphered and retyped when you want to leave a comment. I've used this tool for years to keep out robo-spam comments. It's always been a lesser evil for me, but the new version is difficult even for humans.
But not even getting her siblings to kill themselves did not satiate the incredible passion in her heart. For she had fallen victim to the arrow of Cupid like Cupid himself when he first met Psyche. So she began her wanderings, looking everywhere for her true love, but to no avail. At some point in her meanderings, she came across a temple that was in terrible condition.
Kay also pointed out the university’s master plan guideline has a 30-metre naturalized buffer between Ancaster Creek and the parked cars, but that’s not the case now.
I have great friends who make me laugh.
In between phone calls and helping Hubby with his computer business and being a mom and.... , I've been making seed tapes. You can find tutorials for how to do them everywhere these days. What it comes down to is some kind of flimsy, easily broken down paper, glue of some kind and seeds. I prefer tp, elmers and just about any tiny seed.
By the mid-1990s, such figures looked quaint: a third of Americans were born outside marriage. Congress, largely blaming welfare, imposed tough restrictions. Now the figure is 41 percent — and 53 percent for children born to women under 30, according to Child Trends, which analyzed 2009 data from the National Center for Health Statistics.
The latter, on the other hand, insists that the value of the book lies in its overall theme of unity and ethnic integration.
Step one: Buy a really ugly large print on clearance at Michael's or some other craft mecca. This one is 24x36. Large. And freakishly ugly. Unless black and white abstract leaves are your thing. In that case, never mind. You go back to enjoying your colorless, boring life full of leaves. And I'll try to stop judging you.
I get the impression that Barton Fink is a film that needs to be watched on more than one occasion to truly enjoy this work of art, but unfortunately this is the first time I have watched it and, whilst I now know what to look out for in repeated viewings, I was getting bored watching it.I do plan on watching it again and maybe I will change my opinion of the first half of the film as it is this that I feel lets Barton Fink down.
So what does Cele do? He organises a raid of the Public Protector’s office by his crime “intelligence” unit. Sounds like Zuma telling the world that the National Prosecuting Authority reports to him, during his corruption trial. And demanding respect as president.
It seems like a good idea on the outside, in the same way it did to John Milton about 500 years ago: Epics are cool--especially Greek epics--so why not write something just as dramatic as The Iliad or The Odyssey, only make it better because it's about "real" magic--God.
Next up, Versa, the puntastic weissbier. It comes out a lovely, almost red, shade of gold and only slightly hazy given the style. At 5% ABV it's on the weak side, and offers very little other than wateriness on the nose. What it loses in welly, however, it gains in drinkability. No overpowering banana esters or other heavy flavours. Instead it's mildly zesty with an easy-going sherbet effervesence rather than full-on fizz.
We're excited to be a part of a group called Families with Children from China. The kick off event is coming up quickly and we're thrilled to be joining our friends we traveled with and meet many other families who understand what this whole things is like! Fall is shaping up to be a busy time. I'm starting a university course tonight... it'll be mommy's evening out! We'll be attending a preschool program once a week, and we're waiting to find out about swimming lessons. There's a drop in preschool program that we're interested in as well. Jacob is sure to make even more friends, but we're hoping that we'll be able to see some of our current friends as well, for lunch dates and play dates.
Fry chicken in the hot oil for about 5 minutes per side, or until the chicken is cooked through and juices run clear. Remove from the oil with a slotted spatula, and serve.
As everyone was packing up to leave, we were waiting for the shuttle van to come back and take us to where we were picked up. But it never came back. Cousin Eddie said they'd drive us to our car. The only problem was that it was approaching closing time and everything was on lockdown and my car was on the opposite side of the fairgrounds. After driving around the fair a few times and trying every entrance, we finally decided to jump out of the car at a red light and just walk from one of the exits. We didn't want Eddie to have to "make a call" to get us to our car. Next time we will have to stop being groupies at a decent time to get back before everything closes!
I’ll be blogging at the brand new Girlfriend’s Book Club on Thursday, September 2nd—there is a new post by a terrific author every day, so add this one to your list of daily reads.
Growing up, there was always a baked good of some kind on the kitchen counter for us to enjoy throughout the week...a little gift of love and yum from Mom that we could always count on. It was the best. Always a little something special in our lunch box, always a little something special to share with our friends after school, and always a little something to get excited about enjoying as a special treat. Her sugar cookies were well loved and usually around more often during holidays. They have been baby shower favors, wedding favors, and special gifts to friends. These doggone cookies are a part of our family, and a super sweet gift that Mom has given us time and time again. My Mom never ceases to amaze me with her generosity. She is always offering to help us, always encouraging us, always excited to share life's adventures with us...she is the Energizer Bunny that keeps our family running!
The left panel has a length of ruler ribbon attached (thanks Lee!) to provide a space for a couple of tags to be inserted. The "little birdie" sentiment is overstamped in black archival ink, and the binoculars stamped onto separate cardtsock, coloured, cut out, shaped and adhered with Pinflair for a little extra dimension.
The CIA has been called the military wing of the CFR; and actually that is not too far from the truth. The CFR was in its heyday from 1950-1990.
Hoping that this site will be a source of inspiration if you have young children and live in, or near, Basingstoke. Please subscribe in the email "sign me-up" box (to the right) by adding your email address. You will receive regular updates which will have information relevant to parenting in and around Basingstoke.
The poor stay poor, the rich get rich
Have a wonderful day@
This REALLY grinds my gears. If you aren't prepared to tell the whole story, don't say anything at all! Or if you do, expect a bitch-slap.
Why Police Are Afraid To Tackle Asian Crime; Scottish Daily Mail
Let me know what you think wordpressians, much appreciated.
come from the Jews rejecting Him….
So my blogging is becoming more and more sporadic. Is that how it will always be? Or will I settle into a rhythm and start thinking and reflecting again?
Through her writing, Rich explored topics such as women’s rights, racism, sexuality, economic justice and love between women.
in graves where the wind whistles a wild song
If you are feeling any shred of guilt over any part of mommyhood, say it aloud, with me.
T - Taiwan, Thailand, Trinidad And Tobago, Turks And Caicos Islands
Fareda: I can’t wash it off. It takes two days before this kind of paint washes off.
When God gets ready to move, He takes those who are willing and have prepared themselves as holy, pure vessels.
I then went off on a vitriolic tirade where I called her not-so-generous names such as "a mind-fucker," "cock tease" and "bitch." I had never yelled at a girl previously; with the exception of my mother whenever she grounded me or my sister for unplugging my video games. After I was done assuring that every girl in her hall thought of me as a misogynistic dickhead, I slammed the door and stormed out. I felt concurrently jilted and aggrandized. This feeling lingered until I realized I had left my favorite jacket in her room.
Team Blake sings Heartache Tonight by The Eagles. Out all of the team members singing Jermaine was the best. Hands down. Though Jordis sounded much better than she did earlier tonight.
Whatever the reasons for Venky’s actions to date, they must begin to listen to the fans – who pay their money week in, week out, season after season – and urgently communicate their intentions, vision and strategy for the club.
We’ll hope that you’ll be kind
5. (a) Draw the explain the block diagram of OPSK transmitter.
We dug, and we dug, and we dug! After what seemed like a week, we had excavated maybe one fourth of this massive root! The flock literally tried everything we knew to kill off this plant. As a last resort, we snuck into the Garden Center and made off with a bottle of something that is designed to kill stumps! Mel borrowed a large drill from the shop guys here at Hillermann’s and we drilled many holes in the gigantic root! Into these holes we poured this stump killing formula and then we waited. It took weeks, but at long last, the leaves keeled over and the massive horseradish was pronounced eradicated!
9) Richard Hell and the Voidoids -- Blank Generation: NO
This really got my hackles up because I think she is stunning, not only has she got a beautiful face, she's got a cracking body and a great pair of legs. I read in Grazia recently that we're moving away from the' skinny body' to the new 'soft body' with women like Kim Kardashian becoming inspirations and even the former super skinny minny Nicole Ritchie showing more curves these days.
Tuesday Tasting is a regular feature of Lyke2Drink that explores some of the best beers, wines and spirits on the market. This week we sample "the white church."
I shook off my quasi-hangover and/or stubbornly ignored the cold that has been threatening me for days and spent yesterday out in the beautiful weather.
For kicks I used the SmartPak Wizard to get an idea of what Pirate would need. Dear god. You can choose from different levels of "support", and even the cheapest one doesn't come cheap. I don't doubt that its a good thing for you horse, but how can anyone afford that? The "comprehensive support option" for him was over $200. Per month! Thats half a month of board up here.
We Are the Beautiful
I found them. And it was lovely. I had to walk up a mountain or two to get to them, but hey, no surprise there! I’d be surprised if there wasn’t a mountain I had to hike. I would be worried that I wasn’t in Granada anymore. Haha.
Listen to Moses’ response: “Because the people come to me to seek God’s will.” What was painfully obvious to Jethro wasn’t obvious to Moses at all. It’s like he says, “That’s just how we roll here. There are a lot of needs, and people come to me looking for help. I just stay at it and work until everyone gets an answer.” Sometimes we are so accustomed to doing things one way that we can’t see how broken the system really is.
Heat up wok and put in a little vegetable oil. Sautéed garlic and ginger until fragrant. Put in the carrot, broccoli and snow peas. Stir fry for a while. Add the vegetarian oyster sauce, salt, sesame oil and Chinese Cooking wine. Add a little water and then thicken the gravy with corn flour water mixture. Serve with white rice.
While all parties to the insurance transaction would benefit from the use of existing technology, it is the company that would benefit the most. By creating a virtual online company, almost all of the agency’s paperwork, manual processing and snail mail would be eliminated. Productivity would expand by quantum levels, costs would be drastically reduced and, maybe most important of all, the agent’s credibility with the customer would be significantly improved.
In late March the Omaha City Council held a public hearing concerning an amendment to their anti-discrimination ordinance to add protections for sexual orientation and gender identity. The law already provides protection from discrimination based on race, gender, age, religion, and disability. Brown attended the hearing and voiced his opposition to the amendment.
It's been a strange month. It feels like the time has gone so fast, and that I haven't done that many outfits out of the capsule. I only have 4 more days left for outfits and there are lots of items I only wore once.
We send you joy, peace, and good will toward others no matter what your faith is..
That was so long time for just the two of us
I will continue to run with you and for you. Please watch over me as I train again this spring, and guide me through to another momentous race, but maybe this time without the achilles injury. :)
What's the difference? I asked her. Why can't I just keep using the protein powder I've been buying from Target? Here is the difference...this is the nutrition equivalent you get in one shake...
Burgundy trim from JoAnns
Since I last posted, I compiled a list of ALL our ideas together! This was extremely helpful in me adding to my original list and determining all of the categories that would be most beneficial to our family! Here is what we came up with as a group of category ideas:
1) Whisk cold milk and instant custard at max speed till thicken
Any questions please ask and bear with me if I'm a little late in replying as I'm spending more time at the sewing machine than the computer.
She also taught me to be interested and adventurous. She and my dad travel together and apart. When she was working, she thought nothing of going on business trips by herself and sought out fun sights wherever she was. Once when she was on a trip to Buffalo, she talked a security guard into letting her into Rich Stadium where the Bills play. For a few minutes, she had the stadium to herself. She and I often took little road trips together, mostly to San Francisco for Giants games. One time one of our trips became the “trip from hell” as my 64 1/2 Mustang burned through a transmission line, and we lost all of our transmission fluid in South SF in the evening. This was not good. We were in a very seedy neighborhood before the days when people had to be surgically removed from their cell phones. She climbed over a wall of bums to reach to reach a pay phone to call AAA as I watched nervously from the car. After waiting 45 minutes, we watched our tow truck pass by us never to return. She made the climb again. Finally we got our tow-truck. A couple of days later when we returned home (after missing our first Giants game for being stuck in the ghetto, walking into our hotel room to find a plunger in the toilet with a sign that read, “Sorry Not Working”, realizing it was Kids’ Day at the Giants vs. Rockies game and being surrounded by cotton-candy infused kids who kept kicking the backs of our seats while screaming “BARRY! BARRY!”) one of my tires blew out on Pacheco Pass. My mom got out the jack and proceeded to change the tire as cars whizzed by us and honked. My job was to flip everybody off. Our motto for this trip was “we’re survivors, not victims!”. My mom didn’t get distraught, cry, or bemoan our fate. We laughed, drank Bartles and James Long Island Iced Teas from our cooler (it was the 90s– we quickly moved on to Zima). Instead of a disaster, it became a funny story and transformed us into cell phone owners.
Do you like what you read? Leave a comment!
Our second daughter developed a lump under her chin in the recent past. This is actually the second time in the half year. My husband and I have been busy with this issue in the past few days and it looks like we might get busier in the next few days. Our second one is doing just fine despite the growing lump. She has no idea what’s going on, which I find a blessing. My husband and I had to make some decisions. We decide to do something, then we question ourselves if we’re making the right decision or not. I feel pretty confident that everything will go well. At the same time, there are always unknowns. Parenting is not for the faint of heart.
The answer is clear, my dear love, don’t you see?
So is a minimum wage worth it? If you take a utilitarian approach it defiantly is not. Minimum wage deflates the dollar, and causes unemployment, and is unnecessary. Another question to consider is to whom does the minimum wage hurt the most? If I was a business owner and the minimum wage was installed and I knew I was going to need to make cuts, I would fire the least productive workers first. I mean that would makes sense. The most productive workers will keep their jobs, perhaps even with higher pay to compensate for the extra work. Meanwhile, the lesser-skilled workers will be unemployed. The unintended consequence of the situation is that most people who support a minimum wage are hoping to help out the workers at the bottom, when in reality, a higher minimum wage could very well put those workers out of a job.
Her name is Julia, and she has the lead role in an Obama 2012 slide show that follows what’s supposed to be an American everywoman from childhood into retirement, tracking everything the Obama White House’s policies would do for her and everything the “Romney/Ryan” Republicans would not. The list of Obama-bestowed benefits includes Head Start when Julia’s a tyke, tax credits and Pell grants to carry her through college and low-interest loan repayment afterward, guaranteed birth control when she’s a 20-something and government-sponsored loans when she wants to start a business, all of it culminating in a stress-free retirement underwritten by Medicare and Social Security.
Of course you have to have a somewhat tweaked sense of humor to achieve proper idiot style laughing like I do, but even those of you without the benefit of a funny bone will enjoy some of them.
In another bowl, mix the flour, baking powder, nutmeg and cinnamon. Combine the banana mixture with
1/2 ts. of cloves
The number of the UN observers will increase to 300 by the end of next month. They will be on mission in Syria in the next 90 days.
This next photo is the view I woke up to this morning,sorry about the telephone cable running across the shot.
Beautiful.
I recently read an article that someone tweeted. Read it so that you get the whole picture! You can find it here.
What would I like to see our schools teach about religion? Respect for diversity would top my list. Teach our children about the wide variety of faiths and systems of value that our diverse population hold, and to respect other beliefs and non-beliefs. Let them read a variety of religious texts, for poetry and beauty rather than dogma.
at dinner with the wiatches (labusha, red...) earlier this week and the subject of orgasms came up. see, i've found that i'm pretty lucky in how my physiology's set up - i orgasm pretty easily and can hit a happy note with penetrative sex sans manual stimulation. ie, missionary isn't as dull for me as most.
After saving the life of his employer, Jagjit Singh alias JJ (Anupam Kher), Harikishan (Anil Kapoor) is promoted with a wage increase that he had only dreamt of. Anxious to please his employer Harikishan agrees to have his name changed to Harry, and does anything that he is instructed to do. Soon Harry realises that he has been aiding his employer in illegal activities. When he tries to break away, he is told that his mom (Asha Sharma) is and will be held captive to guarantee his cooperation. Harry must now come up with a scheme that will guarantee his safety as well as the freedom of his mom, and at the same time save himself from being arrested by the police. (source)
I mean… Golda Meir – she was a Jew, the Israeli Prime Minister – and she titled her autobiography My Life… you have to admire her for having a sense of humour. Yasser Arafat did not look like he sat at home and watched Monty Python’s Flying Circus on TV. Golda Meir might have watched The Benny Hill Show.
All that said, despite the pressure under which we both put ourselves at this time of year, it’s got to be said that, when we’re serious about a resolution, P and I are pretty darn good at getting it done. Hence when last year we vowed to rid ourselves of debt by the end of 2011, we doggedly knuckled down, tightened the purse strings and had it done it by April. Not to be outdone, then, I figured that – with my post-chemo steroids keeping me not just moodily moon-faced and fumingly fluid-retentive but also wide awake at many an unsociable hour – I might as well make the most of my crabby sleeplessness by turning irritability into action, saving P a job and me a nagging session by commencing the document that neither of us wanted to begin.
that I have finished my project and the
Note: Remember that homemade soap should cure for at least 2 weeks before using, so if you make it last minute, be sure to tell the recipient what date the soap can be used.
This is the first quilt that I finished. Heather Bailey really started my love for fabrics and quilting with her Freshcut collection. It really was a big quilt to make for my first project, but it's one of those quilts that still gets used every fall. It seems to get softer and more comfortable with age! I remember trying to read online as much as I could about quilting and how to make a quilt. I found a video on YouTube that showed you how to baste a quilt. I ended up basting this one with thread and rolling it up on a long board to keep everything straight. It's a bit different than how I do things today, but the quilt did turn out really nice and it was really easy to quilt it that way.
“You can’t bring that word in!”
Why aren’t they addressing these questions? Even within Umno there is already discord over this matter. That means even to them, this issue is indefensible.
As for me, I’m starting it today and will finish within 30 days. Follow me on Pinterest here if you like! Wish me luck!!! Oh and just in case, this is not sponsored by Pinterest or anyone else for that matter.
Let this spell last forever
You can find two simple kinds of RC vehicles  electric powered as well as nitro driven. To start with, you can purchase the actual electric powered radio control vehicle as it is easier to run. However , blemishes and also accidents wouldnt bother a person a lot since cars are generally relatively less expensive. While, the nitro run RC vehicles are very effective and has higher speed. A high level00 beginner, choosing this in the very first purchase is not advised. While you get continual, you are able to certainly buy this particular.
There are things in me that are so tainted, so poisoned and violent, and I’ve been expressing them so freely these days I don’t even recognize myself. Maybe it was Lamia’s manipulation of me, her placing things in me to distort me into a grim mirror of what her real self had been. I can’t seem to make any head way with any of this. Even after everything, the more I think I understand, the more convoluted it all gets and I’m lost again, roaming corridors and ruins and deserts trying to find absolution that denies me. I have the power, I know that now. I have the Threads, I have my freedom from THE BASTARD and my neglectful Mother, but it doesn’t erase it all, doesn’t dry it all up and set me down upon a gilded throne where I can rule happily.
We apologize that these weren’t available sooner. As for tagging your posts, we’re going to keep it simple this year, so please start using the postaday tag in replacement of postaday2011 or postaweek2011.
labels: fried plantain, plantain, kelewele, Ghana food, Ghana snacks
My birth mother remembers rolling with her children down the southern slope of Mt. Baldy, and when we arrived at the base last August, she was disappointed to find access to the former trail blocked by plastic fences, forcing us to take another, more roundabout route to the top. Too many feet, too little Marram grass taking root, and the mountain she knew has begun to slip. It was hot and humid and the mosquitoes dive-bombed us as we trudged single-file up the thick sand along the new path. “Isn’t this something?” my birth father marveled from his anchor position at the end of the line. “Who would have thought? All of us together like this?”
And what have I done? I’ve mistreated it. I’ve fed it unhealthy food. I’ve neglected to care for it by not exercising. If I treated my kids this way, I’d have social services after me in a heartbeat! Like the above cartoon suggests, we treat our kids better than we treat our bodies. Of course I love my kids, even when they’re not the most loveable. I don’t expect them to be perfect. I love them no matter what.
I have a meeting scheduled at Lighthouse Elementary School on May * at 9:00 a.m. I expect one of you reading this letter to be in attendance. I also request that the Palm Beach County School Districts policy regarding the ESE Program and any other policy that I can read regarding Jacob’s issues be emailed, mailed or sent to Lighthouse Elementary so I can pick it up. I assume that these policies are all public record and I will becoming thoroughly educated as to the rights these students have, the useless policies and steps you have in place with regard to the teaching, testing and accommodating of each one of these students. I have contacted the ESE Advisory Board and am more than willing to meet with any one regarding the ESE Program, policy, etc. These children do not have a voice, but I do, and I will make sure it is heard. I have gotten a lot of attention in the past week from local media, as well as educational magazines, blogs, publications, etc, and will keep talking with them until the gap between the ESE and ‘normal student population’ is gone.
The 23-year-old Crazy, Stupid, Love actress rocked a long sleeved navy blue Todd Lynn jacket featuring sharp cuts and precision tailoring from the British designer, simple grey tee and J Brand jeans. The chic street style was accessorized with earrings, cocktail ring and Jimmy Choo ‘Quiet’ peep-toe platform pumps.
It breaks my heart that his mind goes there to. I wish I could be the only crazy one and he could just live in a life of bliss where you get to raise all of your children and you never worry about them leaving you before you leave them. I wish I didn't know that either but I wish he didn't more.
7) That I need to make some MAJOR changes to the way I do things at school if I want to be somewhat-comfortable throughout the remainder of the pregnancy.
Jan 27
Director : Wolfgang Reitherman
The government has donated over £1.2 million to a road show which makes a hero of black racist Malcolm X, while it dehumanises its opponents and sets them up for violent attacks. The payment to “Radical Middle Way” organisation is part of the government’s £100 million “anti-terrorist” programme called “Prevent.” and is to be expandedby Home Secretary Jacqui Smith.
Papers: Bazill- vanilla and blue cardstock,
Row 6- sc in ea sc
After asking if I was registered to vote, and in what party, I was asked, “Do you think things in Central Brooklyn are on the wrong track?”
A calculus
(1) It protects us from al Qaeda.
No pressure though!
Growing up in a post-ADA America has meant that many of us have had access to more opportunities than previous generations. We know if we had been born in 1967 instead of 1987 our lives would look completely different. We know the history of our people is tainted by eugenics, ableism, lack of access and the sting of low expectations. We recognize the work that has been done by disability movements over the last century to make the current lives we live possible. We are proud to be members of this vibrant, breathing, community.
Don't get me wrong - I think there are things wrong with the school system, as it stand. There are many things I would change, if I was given a blank check. That is one of the reasons I enjoy reading your blog, Jess. But, I also recognize that the school system works for a percentage (if not a majority) of the students that pass through.
We are all Beastie Boys fans whether we know it are not. They are truly legendary and had a significant impact on the music world. Today we unfortunately lost a great MC. Adam Yauch, known as MCA from the Beastie Boys passed away at age 47 after a lengthy battle with cancer. Our thoughts go out to his family and friends.
Europe – the northern portion of it, certainly – is like a plague zone.
5. Start networking!
Perhaps, also, we talk of the “inner child” because we fear it, and want to disrespect it, and call it less than the mature intellectual adult.
Note. I cut half a loaf of Italian bread and on the stove top in a pan with olive
I have to admit I have been a bad blogger! I just got tagged for the third time in this questionnaire that I neglected to answer until now...so I combined the questions/answers from the three lovely ladies who tagged me. I would have answered all 33 but I was scared you would never read my blog again from boredom! Please understand! Here it goes!
I didn't have anything planned for Sunday and it ended up being a rest day. I got a bunch of errands and chores taken care of and watched my husband race his car around a giant parking lot for a little bit.
They are soon followed by local legend Megas, an Icelandic Bob Dylan famed for lyrics that confront the less salubrious aspects of his society. At one point a ten-year-old child invades the stage, in a bid to get closer to an idol who is a good 50 years his senior. It is the equivalent of a primary school pupil trying to hug Mark E Smith from The Fall.
- In the center of town
So why was I there again this Tuesday? Well, I had been invited by the Nordic Ambassadors to a reception at the Danish Embassy on the Monday night, in honour of the London Book Fair and I thought it might be a bit off to attend it without going to the Fair itself.
Using a simple floral image, I printed full-size pages of the image onto the turquoise cardstock and trimmed the paper to the needed 5"x7" size.
Women's 5000 - Merseret Defar (ETH) takes to the track once again in search of a World Record. Defar has a history of running fast in Oslo, having set a World Record here back in '07. She was supposed to meet rival Tirunesh Dibaba, but that fell through when Dibaba pulled from the meet with an injury earlier in the week. Still expect Defar to run fast as several Kenyans remain in the race.
Call for Irish passport office Derry MLAs unite against pay hike move Gardai assaulted prisoner before death, inquest told Outrage at Nazi flag that flew in garden How many died because of Dublin’s border policy? Fancy designing a mascot for Derry?
I have been a good gardener, you can check your list twice! (Just stick to your naughty/nice list and avoid the police blotter and certain of my relatives and we’re golden.)
I’ve also never been in Cognito. That’s okay,I hear no one recognizes you there.
I'd quite like some jewellery, if I buy anything, but this one is £28. Pretty though. I've come across others like this that were also adorable, with teapot and post box charms.
We may as well have robots incapable of independent thought.
& this is possibly my favourite statement in the book:
Goodnight…
Melatonin is available as an over-the-counter supplement in most health food stores and pharmacies. Reports in 2002 show that the drug is safe for short-term use and recommend 5 mg between 10 pm and midnight at the destination to help fall asleep and to sleep better.
It's been in the works for awhile, but very soon I'll be launching a Teaching Program where I give all my teaching information away for free as well. If you'd like to start teaching classes on free motion quilting, this free program will definitely be a great place to get started.
On Wednesday, July 28, at Sybil’s Cave in Hoboken, New Jersey, three men spotted something floating and bobbing on the New Jersey side of the Hudson River. They jumped in a rowboat and quickly rowed to the area where the object was located. When they got there, they found the body of a young woman. They tired pulling the body onto the rowboat, but after a few unsuccessful attempts, they tied a rope under the dead woman’s chin and rowed toward shore.
Diva doesn't get what's so funny when sons start saying, "Hey, look, Dick's. Heh heh. Tukey, I see a Dick's."
Key Players: Mike Moser (14.1 ppg, 10.6 rpg), Chace Stanback (12.7 ppg), Anthony Marshall (12.1 ppg, 5.1 rpg), Oscar Bellfield (9.8 ppg)
struggling forward in a marriage I’ve
Why Banff? I’m Canadian, so it’s been part of my fantasies and visual vocabulary for years, although popular with Europeans as I hear British and Irish, French and Spanish and German accents all over town.
optional: one chopped organic orange
Father of Mine Everclear
Today’s list of stuff includes – digging, sowing lots of seeds, planting tomatoes out (well, some of them), crossing fingers, buying buttons and cat litter, and possibly writing a long rambling post about it all later….
Please join me in supporting the future Fulton Street Business Improvement District; let’s work together for a brighter future for all of our small businesses on Fulton Street.
The freelance graphic designer was stressed since he recently quit. His plan of working freelance and supplementing his income as a driver hasn’t turned out as he thought. He seemed to be at a crossroads. It reminded me of where I was.
It's tricky to pick a name isn't it? There may be names you like but are associated with people you don't or you may wish to remember a loved one but just find the name doesn't go with your surname. I wanted to call Eldest Beautiful Daughter Ailidh which is pronounced Aylay but was vetoed, he liked Fiona but was vetoed and we settled on Laura Elizabeth, she's not overly keen on her name.
16. Dear Tuesday - 1960
Pelosi had lots of help from the media with her “Tea Party as Astroturf” meme, the same media that never uses “Astroturf” for Earth Day, which is funded by Proctor & Gamble, Siemens, Wells Fargo, AT&T, UPS, Philips and Ford, because it’s good advertising for their green products, or groups like Moveon.org which is funded by Democrat billionaire George Soros.
We then read on the internet that we should freeze the pork pieces for 20-30 minutes, so we popped a cookie sheet full of pork shoulder into the freezer and drank some more wine.
otherwise I haven’t seen any local bloggers (be it Thai or farangs) paying much attention to this “pandemic” issue.
The ferment of carbon dioxide
PLANNING
Mr Gaarder doesn’t seem to be too concerned about terrorism directed at Israeli civilians. He only focuses on what he perceives to be Israeli aggression. Mr Gaarder also doesn’t mention that Israel was justified in invading Lebanon after numerous Hezbollah incursions on its northern borders and numerous rocket attacks. Nor is there any mention of the fact that Israel wants peace with the Palestinians. Nor does he mention that the leadership of Hamas, which won in a landslide election, wants to wipe Israel off the map. Like most of his left-wing extremists cohorts in Norway, he chooses to forget those ‘troublesome’ facts that don’t fit in with his skewed view of reality.
I expected my mother to be available on the morning of January 3, 1998. I expected to spend some quiet time in her presence. As I discovered, that was not to be.
I went shopping for some fabric the other day, and ended up buying laminated fabric. I have used fusible vinyl before as a substitute, but the laminated fabric is so much nicer. It is much softer and doesn't seem to crease or get scuffed as easily as the fusible vinyl. It is a little pricey, so I was a little scared to cut into it. I finally got up enough nerve, and I am happy to say it turned out much better than I had anticipated. Lookie...
As you can see, the United States is the number one MJ supporter with 90.8 million total sales. One may argue that is because it is where he was born and raised (Gary, Indiana) but I think it is because of the United States gigantic love of all things pop.
Now here he flourishes in my kitchen window . . . .
The great thing about these two recipes here is that they work wonderfully in single servings, taste delicious and they are so quick to prepare. I bet any of you that you could make either of these dishes in six minutes or less. I’m not even joking.
7.Ginger : a inch piece
3.stef h #4
“A lot of my work, where it actually lives is hard to define, because it’s so temporal and so site specific, a lot of it is — is the actual artwork the artwork or is it the photograph or is it the experience of it? With that piece, it’s both. I think the documentation of it is satisfying, and the piece was, too.”
Seeing her breathing.
We are proud to launch the most amazing scrapbook full day ever ....
Having seen all the sights and wasted some of my money at the Castle Museum, I quickly realized that York has great historical attractions, but many enjoy the city for its river front beauty, it’s wondrous parks and its vibrant street musician scene. Tomorrow, I head to London, England for the final leg of my Great Britain tour.
Here are some racier pictures from the final "Spreading the Curtains" show at Coco de Mer this last Saturday. I did not post these on Facebook cause they deleted the ones of me and Gal Friday with hats within 24 hours. The show photos were taken by Paul Ferris who was a pleasure to work with and super fast about uploading the images!
Video marketing holds the top spot for future plans: A significant 76% of marketers plan on increasing their use of YouTube and video marketing, making it the top area marketers will invest in for 2012.
Moving those arms and legs increases flexibility as well as builds muscle memory! When we alternate movements, we really stimulate the child's whole brain--both hemispheres are engaged. The cross lateral stretch is a good example of this---Right hand to left toe and then STRETCH out! Alternate arms and legs to ensure even treatment of each side. The hand/foot should meet at the mid line and then STRE---ETCH----OUT to a nice diagonal stretch!
The judge who turned the police into institutionally anti-white racist was Sir William Macpherson of Cluny. This introduced Soviet techniques to oppress White people in the Recommendations -
#1 - "The After Hours" - For me, the best TZ episode is an inescapable nightmare, combining disorientation, paranoia and the mounting horror that no one - absolutely no one - will believe that you have entered your own privately-crafted hell. And I am old enough to remember department stores that looked EXACTLY like this, so there is also that element of childhood terror. Anne Francis gives a performance of arch, brittle perfection - and we find out later why she plays Marsha White that way. And the whispers "Marsha...Marsha?" will haunt your dreams. Bravo, Rod Serling. A half century later, your work lives on.
Taming the Monster
George Galloway, Islam and Britain’s Future
Despite his complaints, Miles readily admits to having an unusually close relationship with Columbia, which is borne out by his long tenure with the label, and the fact that the 45-year-old superstar of black music could easily find another home for his recording activities. “The Internal Revenue Service is always after me,” he says, “but I just send their bills on to Clive. I got one for $39,000, but he took care of it.” When asked to verify this, Davis gave a diplomatic reply: “Miles is treated very well by Columbia Records,” he says. “I think he’s really appreciative of it, too—we don’t get Internal Revenue bills from Chicago or Blood, Sweat & Tears.”
there is also a piano in the corner, and every now and then i will set this pen down and wonder just how long it has been since somebody sat down to play it. it is covered in a giant dust blanket. maybe when i am finished here, i’ll wipe the dust away and force myself to play it.
Extra Stages
3rd layer red , wide 5.00" and high 5.00" with a circle in the centre 1.50"
However, once she started throwing the cake around the kitchen, we took it away and gave her the serving spatula, and she was in heaven.
Someone actually took the time to write down the costs associated with the low graduation rates for the city of Chicago (which is just above 50%) and the results of what it costs the community are staggering:
Fire of Love – Gun Club
The ride home was full of tears and prayers. The kids in the back seat of the Suburban holding hands and praying. God, please bring Molly back, please protect her, please keep her safe. Dear God, I miss Molly!
But it's also a day of appreciation and respect. I can think of no other mothers who deserve it more then those who had to give a child back.
This is the unscientific method I used to determine which beer most complemented this holiday meal. First off, I had to remove the Trappist’s Chimays from consideration as I had greedily hid them way in the back of the refrigerator hoping to keep them for drinking after everyone went home. Judging by the empty bottles my wife and I picked up while cleaning, I would have to give the title for the best beer to go with a Cajun Thanksgiving to New Belgium’s Blue Paddle. A close second place would go to Abita’s Restoration Ale.
Anthony had a reputation for bold conservation initiatives, including the rescue of the Baghdad zoo at the height of the US lead Coalition 2003 invasion of Iraq, and negotiations with the infamous Lord's Resistance Army rebel army in Southern Sudan, to raise awareness of the environment and protect endangered species, including the last of the Northern White Rhinoceros
General website notes….
Segway
However, because those sightings have become so rare, when they do, I kinda go crazy with anger. Thankfully, the more recent sightings have been while we're both in separate cars, I have managed to avoid any kind of major incident. I really don't need a criminal record at this point, and frankly, I'm pretty sure they could all take me. It's not exactly a difficult thing to do...I'm sort of fragile these days.
Can you provide us a little background on yourself? Where do you live in Australia? Do you have a “day job” or is needlework your vocation?
These are two very different jobs, requiring very different skill sets — indeed, different sides of the brain.
Now one would try to start it generation by generation but would dare say that it would not always be that restrictive……. It may vary as per my admiration for the character (and mood) so bear with me who ever will read it,apologies before hand if it puts you off. It will be more in terms my understanding of these characters…
"London's a big city Moon, no place for a young whippet with no friends to be. Don't you be getting any big ideas! Lock, stock and two smoking whippets and all that!!"
OREKTlKA
06. Moon Beam 9:52 Jun Fukamachi
In order for us to receive love and kindness, we must give love and kindness. The more love and kindness we give to others the lighter our energy becomes and the more we become like the branches at the top of the tree. The more love and kindness we give, the more love and kindness we can receive in return. As we go through our day, our week, or our lives, we should spread love and kindness through our words, our gestures, our hugs, etc. etc. When our intent is with love and kindness we raise the vibration of the world. It affects us, those around us, all living creatures, plants and our earth. The entire world will begin to smile. If each day, you do kind things for others, write it down and place it in your coffee cup, by the end of the day, your cup should be full. If everyone in the world did this, what a wonderful world it would be. It begins with one person.
*The Riot squad guards take the Intern and drag him off.*
And sense the brevity of life, and wail.
In those days this tramp in his attic lay dreaming,
So, welcome back Chip. It’s just a shame you’re so tall and not an owl.
I have a 5K on Saturday morning I am running with some ladies for work in support of my coworker's mother who is fighting breast cancer. It should be a lot of fun, we are running in sparkly tutus and zebra striped shirts :) I've been on a diet/exercise routine for about 1.5 months now and have lost a bit over 10lb. I have about 18lb to go until I reach my goal weight. It is sort of shooting for the moon, but I have TK on the same plan and he needs it as badly as I do, so we are supporting each other and enjoying the results we have seen. I feel much stronger thanks to spending 6-7 days a week doing some variety of exercise. It has been nice. Maybe I will actually not dreading buying a new bathing suit this summer....just maybe.
Happy Monday and thanks for taking the time to visit the charmed life blog. I am feeling under the weather again. Like a cold is starting to come on me. My grandson was sick last week when I went over and here I am not feeling well now. I love my grandkids but I am so over catching what they have.
This months challenge has been sponsored by Debbie at Delish Designs - some beautiful paper, brads and rub-ons from the High Tea paper collection. Perfect vintage style :O)
I thought Cloverfield was fun. However, I didn't find it particularly frightening, which is kind of a let-down for a monster movie (the part in the tunnel was an exception, but in general I think small and jumpy things are scarier than larger, slower things), and since I couldn't muster any feeling for the characters, their plight was little more than a race through a disintegrating Manhattan with some amazing scenery on the way. And speaking of the whole disintegrating Manhattan thing, I thought that the shots immediately following the monster's first attack, showing New Yorkers running through clouds of dust and falling paper, were pretty stomach-turning. However, there was little indigenous to the plot that managed the same effect.
return to see it's familiar sites again. How ironic, as so
I only use my powers for good, so I tend to wear gloves at times others would not. As I type to you, I am wearing the most supple of lambskin gloves. Mmmmmmm, lambskin tastes good!
Significantly, research drawn from nations such as Australia, New Zealand, Germany and the Netherlands shows that decriminalising or legalising prostitution does not improve or ensure the human rights and dignity of women and girls trapped in prostitution.
At the time it started I was young. A few years before Desert Storm had rattled through Iraq showing the full power of the US war machine. I marvelled at sights of F-16s and Abrams tanks on the television actually in combat. I was the kind of kid who grew up playing with tanks, so seeing them really working and fighting on the nine o’clock news was a bit of a treat. When I was a little older the atrocities in Yugoslavia were in full swing, I got the idea that there was nothing glorious about this war. Here was pictures of refugees, villages being bombed, citizen armies, starvation, death, and failed strategies by the armies with the big, fancy modern machinery.This was brutal and savage. But my memories of it are blurred; I was becoming a teenager at the time and there were much more important things for me to be concentrating on, such as the joys of puberty.
I've noticed something in Temescal recently. Hats. Lots of hats. Lots of different kinds of hats. And especially, lots of weird hats.
After over a month of meeting with school board candidates, going to forums, trying to understand school finance, conducting a lot of interviews and making more phone calls than I can remember, school board election season ended on Tuesday.
blemishes and strange angles
The boats are comfortable enough for everyone in the family-up to fiver people-to hang
So, let's all get your Emily Thinking Caps on! Get on over to her site and sign up for her e-newsletter here and then find those EASY-PEASY answers and drop me a comment! Let me know why you wanna win ALL FIVE of Emily's fantastic books!
I would like to thank you in advance for your kind time and consideration.
The detective, Lund, has the obligatory complications in her private life, and an unusually nagging mother. Her colleague seems to have a huge problem with authority, which is an unusual characteristic in a policeman, I would have thought. She has a nice knitted sweater which she has been wearing for weeks now, in spite of it getting badly torn in the sleeve when she was injured. It's been very neatly repaired since then.
one of the things i'm trying to do in CBT is stop worrying, and stop expecting disaster at every turn. from that point of view, when you look at my options:
All this is to say I cannot wait for peysekh to use my new curly fries cutting gadget.I am all a quiver.
Sports Fan: Wow…
The last three weeks have been filled with fun. Let’s review.
Our present motorhome is 36 feet long. During the last couple of years we have stayed in a number of national and state campgrounds. While there were sites large enough to accommodate the larger RVs, there were even more sites that would accommodate a 32 foot or smaller RV.
And the winner of the 2011 . . .
things like, I can never find the right person for me. If you talk like
He believes her. Who in their right mind would believe this crazy, old hag?
The rare debates amounted to the curlew cry of the Athletic Union pleading to opt out of the college bilingual policy. This obliged them to submit every poster - "Headbutting Club members please assemble in the bins at Harper's Disco at 2300 sharp, please" - to someone like me, who translated it into Middle Cornish and threw the original English away.
If you like this article, you might also be taken by:
This immediately prompts the question which has been conspicuous by its absence throughout my lengthy and, hopefully, justifiable attack on the continued feel good propagation of the myth of the Noble Savage. What constitutes ‘more’ rational behaviour and what constitutes ‘less’ rational behaviour? Now this, obviously, depends on the way you define ‘rationality’. According to the South African philosopher Anton van Niekerk, one of the foremost experts in this field worldwide, any definition of rationality has to, at the very least, include firstly, the demand of logical consistency (i.e. it is irrational to simultaneously claim p and not-p) and secondly, the fact that an agent can be judged as being irrational when s/he acts in a way that is contradictory to his/her own interests. In his excellent book Rasionaliteit en Relativisme (HSRC Publishers, 1992), Van Niekerk, like Juergen Habermas, is relentless in his efforts to broaden our understanding of rationality by including communicative rationality - the innate character of all languages to seek and attain common understanding between speech agents. Unfortunately, the incredibly broad scope of this remarkable discourse falls outside the ambit of this article. I prefer instead to concentrate on banal ‘survivability’ as a vital aspect of any attempt to determine what is ‘more’ rational and what is ‘less’ rational. Getting back to my example of the lightning strike; both my and the Noble Savage’s actions are rational in terms of its teleological intent (i.e. actions taken to satisfy a chosen goal). However, mine differs fundamentally from his in so far as they can be defined as an instrumental action, whereas his is strategic in intent. The former denotes actions whose success can be determined by the survival chances of the agent in the natural (non-social) world, and the latter pertains to survival chances in the social world of the agent. The strategic killing of the chosen ‘witch’ (potential rivals of the tribal king, of course) by the agent (the witchdoctor) is therefore quite rational in so far as the agent secures his continued privileged survival in his group. That the supposed influence of the gods/ancestors initiated this course of action is actually quite irrelevant in the abovementioned rational process.
Punk, and its musical aftermath, new wave, didn't hit Iceland until the late 1970s and early 80s. But when it did, the teenage Björk was one of the first to get involved. Around 1979, while still at school, she formed her first band, Exodus. Remembered as a naive blend of new wave and pop, Exodus' legacy apparently survives as a "garage recording" on a cassette, although few Icelanders claim to have ever heard it. The band did manage one appearance on local TV, however, which provided Björk with another feather in her local- celebrity cap. And outfit called Jam 80 was Björk's next musical project, but its fleeting tenure on the emerging new wave scene extended to one gig, before expiring. It's not known whether Paul Weller was an influence here!
He then shook his head at us and scowling, pushed the other elevator button for ‘Up.’ Turning, and smiling, while grimacing at the same time, he said, “There, you little bastard!..” I guessed his vision was being affected from the stench that was wafting down the corridor.
Today the air smelled of smoke; last night, of the silence of stars and roasted corn. It's a lovely place, here. It's a lovely place.
Click on the picture below to see to my "classroom" pin board...
44. Ships at a distance have every man's wish on board. —Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God (1937)
February 11, 2008 by dkjungle7789
USA, Arkansas – An icy blast tugged temperatures well below zero in a large swath of the South on Thursday, setting records for cold by late morning.
I made a super simple banner for the plant using scrap paper, an SU! punch, some Twinery twine, Memento inks, and a stamp from Unity's April KOM.
Before I go into much detail about my first film festival, also my first Ebertfest, I should pat myself on the back for driving 800 miles, a.k.a. 14 hours straight, only stopping to whiz or eat a burger with a Mountain Dew or coffee. I should also pat myself on the back for not stopping at the place in West Virginia with the sign that said “Free Beer.” Admitting that will not help me win any new friends. Admitting that it was a strip bar? Well, that’s different. A strip bar that says “free beer” on the sign. I think I’ll have to leave a little earlier next year with one less stop at Cracker Barrel and one more stop – somewhere else.
The YG's hair recovered from the self-imposed mullet. Now she has an adorable, if slightly shaggy, pixie-bowl cut.
Until recently the Dom of Lebanon were a nomadic people. Since naturalization, however, most have settled down and started enrolling their children in school, Hope said.
Today, Elsa completed her on line applications and pressed the submit button to apply to three schools: two early action and one early decision. If she is accepted to her early decision school, she must withdraw her early action applications. In that case, she will be done and will not need to submit any further applications to any colleges. If she is deferred or rejected to her ED school, she will apply to four or five additional schools. We will hope for acceptances to her EA schools in the interim. My friend Heather's daughter already has one acceptance under her belt. It was from a school with rolling admissions. These schools accept or reject students as the applications roll in. When they have enough acceptances, they simply close their registration for the semester.
I may have gotten a little too excited when I saw Katie walking down the sidewalk towards us and I may have flashed her my holiday undergarments. I especially love it when she says things like "I'll give you five minutes to stop doing that."
While the Dodgers and early/mid-20th century left-wing politics get a good airing, the institutional causes of Brooklyn’s post-WW II decline get scant notice, and the impact of historic preservation and immigration on the post-1960s revival get mostly ignored (except for the singular case of Soviet Jews).
Everyone knows Pavlov right? Or if not maybe his dog? Pavlov carried out experiments known as “classic conditioning.” Let me sum it up. The bell rings and the dog drools. This happens because the dog was conditioned over time by them feeding him after ringing a bell. The bell rings, he expects food and drools. You may be wondering what this has to do with being immature. Well wait for it.
The one who know and trusts that all is always well!
An hour after sunset on October 1, Jupiter is already 15 degrees high in the eastern sky. It’s by far the brightest “star” in the east, so you can’t miss it. Each night it will a bit higher at the same time, and the higher it gets the easier it is to see detail and the moons using a telescope or binoculars. (Uranus is still nearby as well. If you want to try to spot it, see this post with charts from last month.)
So with the 2010 season now closed and athletes beginning preparations for 2011, here is how I see our medal hopes for Daegu:
There is no leader on the session. All four musicians work to make form from improvisation, most of the time leaving the pieces without a specific shape until they have exhausted their ideas. Frith, as one might expect, plays all over the guitar, using its strings as a kind of percussion instrument, scratching them and producing sometimes distorted, bluesy lines. Dalaba explores her extended breath control technique, blowing otherworldly long chords and adding her "maniacal laughter" to "Lucy Has A New Pet Kitty." Glick Rieman produces ambient, drone-like sounds from his Rhodes piano, and Kihlstedt proves that she is one of the most promising improvisers to emerge from the Bay area, pushing the range of her violin through high pitch pizzicato plucking as if it were a strange transformation of a Japanese koto, then moving into folk-style playing. Fifty-five minutes of unusual, challenging, exceptional and strange sounds, but most of the time beautiful music.
Chris Klopper, chair of the independent labour caucus (ILC) condemned the protests on Monday and said the behaviour is completely unacceptable.
The villains, too, are lifeless. Opposing MacTavish is the dastardly Pirate Lieutenant (Sam De Grasse), whose machinations sent Fairbanks off the plank in the first place, and who, in a different Fairbanks film, would have been second-in-line to the throne of something. He skulks, and schemes, but mostly, he waits. Just like we do.
Bernie did a good job on telling the details of the boy in the
I’m going to go crack a book open.
We have some yummy new goodies for you this week!! Lets get to it.....
Exactly 100 years ago, Key West was in a tizzy, getting ready for the arrival of the First Train. On Jan. 22, 2012, the train would arrive bearing oil tycoon-turned-railroad magnate Henry Flagler and marking the completion of the Over-Sea Railroad.
10) Love. I used to not believe in love but now I see that love comes in so many different shapes and sizes. There are so many different forms of love and I think that I have found and experienced those forms and that makes me happy.
“The bigger one on the left is probably a barn, the farmer’s house on the right, the well in the middle.”
I want to dissipate all of my sorrows
W/O Kok's police car was then driven away from the site by someone else. This occurred at a notorious prostitution spot on the corner of Schoeman and Wessel Streets in Sunnyside.
Sew in the ends neatly and for the leaf stem, pick up two stitches at the base of the leaf and knit an i-cord for about an inch.
Funny that, considering it's not even a very cheerful song.
Which makes loving the show that much more difficult. I initially tried watching the show with Gia, but she got turned off after the very first episode. Because these people and their jobs are awful. I get that. Yet somehow I had to keep watching. I try to tell myself that it's because of the acting chops of Cheadle and Bell, but I wonder if there is some latent jealousy going on here. The travel, the money, the blatant disregard for the average man/woman on the street.
Our main event is up next, Sheamus Vs Chris Jericho.
I hope you all enjoyed your St.Patrick's day! I had a wonderful shamrock shake from the McDonald's today :o) YUMMY!
Rewiring Brain Networks
Won't be the daily heartbreak
It's all for something that I need -
voice had an echo like she had moved into the bathroom or stairwell. “Why do
Lines are the building blocks of supermind gravitating in zero-fulcrum
It seems that the uproar over the TSA pat-downs is at least in part the result of introducing an under-policed “low-risk population” to general law enforcement procedure.
Novatka told police he is “perfectly sane,” and told them the correct day, where he was and what he was going and that he had no medical conditions to prove his sanity, the affidavit states.
The sun is warm, it’s bright and I’m in a park.
Today I am linking up to these fabulous blog parties:
For art we made some super cute penguins and walruses, they are ADORABLE! We did some neat hands-on science too- we discovered how flubber keeps the animals warm and how the oil on the penguins feathers help repel water. We also explored blue salt water and ice, learning how the salt water melts away ice burgs. (I didnt bring my camera to school these two days so I don't have any pics!) During kinder-cafe we made some cute little oreo penguins one day and yummy rice cake polar bears on another day. Our classroom book we created was, "Our Favorite Polar Animals." The kids had to write about their favorite polar animal.
Isocrates, To Demonicus 1.25 Confide in them about matters which require no secrecy as if they were secrets; for if you fail you will not injure yourself, and if you succeed you will have a better knowledge of their character. Prove your friends by means of the misfortunes of life and of their fellowship in your perils; for as we try gold in the fire, so we come to know our friends when we are in misfortune. You will best serve your friends if you do not wait for them to ask your help, but go of your own accord at the crucial moment to lend them aid.
and Ava wouldn't let me take her picture which is so odd,
question of all? As the sun came loose
The Vicar's heart was smashed
Jeremy does get to go to After Care at school if he’s had good behavior the day before. There, they run colse to the fields, play ball, climb on the jungle gym, have snacks and play with their friends. He loves it! I find that it’s the best place for him since he races the kids and exerts more energy there than everywhere else. The hardest part is when it’s time to go. What else? He runs away! My mom has found it thoroughly embarrassing because he doesn’t pay attentiveness when it’s time to come. He just continues playing and then runs to the other side of the field where he can’t even hear us yell for him.
Starring- Alexandra Chando, Patrick Breen, Betsy Aidem, and Richard Bekins
Since absolutely no record company was interested in signing the band without Roth or Hagar (the latter of whom ultimately burned those bridges with his amusing tell-all autobiography), this reunion was inevitable.
Your haberdashery section is awesome and you've really thought about the finishing touches that dressmakers need. How on earth do you choose what to stock?
Anyways, I shall post updates in separate entries. For now, hello again! :)
1/4 cup Ranch Dressing
Aren't those fabulous. I love all the layers and detail. I am so intimidated by layers, LOL! I always feel like it's too much. Please stop by Charlotte's blog for more details and a ton of inspiration.
Six million plastic bags are discarded every year in the UK. The majority have a lifespan of around 20 minutes. For every 1bn plastic bags produced, 9,000 tonnes of plastic is used and 18,000 tonnes of CO2 produced. Government takes little interest in this.
KimP: First of all, I got stuck in MAJOR traffic right after the exit with the gas station and eventually I had to make the decision to just pee. Go ahead Kim, pee in the car. Do you know my body fought me for like 30 seconds. It was so confusing.
Here are her latest obsessions.
2. Slim Shady as one of the great "fictional characters": it might help us reconcile Em's artistry to look at those early albums like a series for a fictional character. Treat them as a "phillip rothian doppelganger gambit", like the latest from Brett Easton Ellis. That might not be a spot on analogy, but mostly I want to avoid these terrible NY Times interviews that feel inappropriate in a bad-meaning-bad way... better to err on the side of the wrong book than completely not appreciate how much of a writer-athlete Em is. (that last link should go to a facebook thread with hip hop bloggers discussing a bad NYTimes interview with em, if not friend/fan Jay Smooth/illdoctrine who should be a regular part of your cultural diet regiment anyways)
*S
Celery Green DP which was a RAK from J......
7) Don't hold back - over the course of the evening we ordered no less than 12 dishes between the two of us and we weren't the slightest bit stuffed.
Reading this week, well again, pretty much the same as last time, but with this book added in. Lot's of different ideas for makes by little people, planning all our Christmas crafting sessions and checking that we have in all the essentials we will need.
Refrain:
I give you life
She blesses me with heart songs,
Look. Is Power-Seller.
He said the rebels took five civilians — Vicente Bunal, Jolly Paimalan, Elmer Entes, Rhyan Banua and Pablo Butay – as human shields but later released them.
Don’t forget to pop across to the challenge blog and see what the rest of the DT have made and I will be back later to catch up with my post for Critter Sketch Challenge.
I feel a bit like it's a cliche reading this book at the moment, there's a waiting list at the library for it as long as my arm, but I wanted to read it before I watch the film. I was a little put off at the start, because the horse is the narrator, but then I realised that he had to be, becuase he's the only character that's in it all the way through. After I got over that (and the fact that the horse can under stand German as well as English - clever old horse!) I really enjoyed it, although I did cry 3 times!
The girl does NOT take a bad photo. Ever.
There is a time when you and I will come face to face with Him. For me, as a believer, it will be at the judgment seat of Christ in the glory of Heaven. But if you do not know Him personally as Saviour, you will meet Him at the Great White Throne when He will say, “Depart from me, ye worker of iniquity.” (Luke 13:27.
Dzulkifli said the prosecution had no objection to the application as they did not see why Dr Mohamad Salleh would flee the country. He, however, said the accused should surrender all his travel documents to the court.
Afghanistan does have laws which ban violence against women, but in a country struggling to recover from decades of conflict, enforcing them is naturally very difficult. Even in the UK, the continued levels of violence against women, despite our comparatively advanced legal system, demonstrate just how difficult enforcement is. In addition the problem in Afghanistan is exacerbated by lack of education and under-age marriage, both of which remain common. Therefore it remains of the upmost importance that as the international community withdraw support from the country, the plight of Afghan women is not forgotten. We as a society must fight to improve the laws that protect women from rape, sexual offences and all forms of violence, abroad, just as we attempt to do in our own country.
I saw this cards on Pinterest and decided to CASE them. At the moment I can't remember who was the original creator, but will post it as soon as I find it.
Last Friday, we drove to the town of Geneva in upper state New York to attend a lecture for the Slovenian Slavoj Žižek. I heard of Žižek only last year because of his articles on the Occupy movement. One of my friends mentioned him to me before and recently in one of my classes we read parts of his famous work "The Sublime Object of Ideology." Žižek, like many intellectuals, give his lectures based on the work he's concerned with at the moment. He has been speaking about capitalism with Asian values, the death of capitalism, and the protesting movements world wide.
It is as if all psychic and all mental faculties, all emotional faculties, all potential experiences give way into the true depth and nature of the reality of the soul and its relationship to reality itself. An eternal and inconceivably ancient dance of consciousness and divinity in form and time. An experience so powerful, so life changing and awakening, that nothing in your life can ever been experienced in the same way again, and not a single day can pass without the true nature of reality working subtly to transform your mind and heart back to their natural state. That of this tangible and overwhelmingly powerful experience of the only real truth, reality beyond, behind and encompassing thoughts. As Krishna says in the song of god-
It also outlines that traders must be far enough away from the school so that Pupils are not “encouraged to walk to it during a break” or “immediately before or after school.”
Blend for a couple of minutes, pausing to scrape sides of the blender down with a rubber spatula. Heat one tablespoon oil in large soup pot and add chile puree. Cook for about 10 minutes, letting mixture thicken. Add six cups of vegetable broth and heat through, bringing to a boil. Add:
But I will no longer be a cripple. Especially since lately I feel less and less like one, who knew conversations could do so much for a person huh?
I used this stitch for sewing them all together. In my head it made sense to use this one to prevent fraying, we’ll see how it holds up over the years but I will say that right now it seems to be able to hold up to a toddler jumping on the freshly made bed. Toddler tests are the ultimate tests in durability!
Today, my friend Sara is with me and was able to share this picnic of Georgia Roasted Peanuts, Fried Green Tomato BLTs with Orange Blossom Honey, Pickled Okra Popsicles, and Georgia Peach Trifles. We stopped to enjoy our picnic at Florida's only organic winery in Monticello. The meal was just as perfect as today. Although the meal is simple, the taste is quite lavish for outdoors. The smoked bacon and Tupelo honey stood out the most in the BLT, while the pickled okra disappeared quickly - it reminds me of my favorite dill pickles. Plus the trifle was divine, with a kick of bourbon at the very end.
Welcome to the Butcher's Case, the new blog for Fleisher's Grass-Fed & Organic Meats. As you may have heard, we'll soon be opening a new shop in Park Slope, Brooklyn. The Butcher's Case will help our new neighbors in Brooklyn get familiar with what Fleisher's is all about and will also keep Fleisher's fans up to speed with what's going on at our flagship shop up in the Hudson Valley. Recipes, interviews, photos, videos — we plan to have all of that. Lots of old-timey butcher photos and other vintage meat ephemera, too, because we think those are fun.
And to our next visitors. Who will it be?
by Carol Troven, Judith Barter, Elliot Davis, and Edward Hopper as her favorite. Rita says "I bought this book at the Museum of Fine Arts gift shop in Boston MA. after attending the Edward Hopper exhibit in August 2007. It was a breathtaking exhibit and as I'm a huge fan of Hopper's style, to see the paintings in person was wonderful. The book sits atop my coffee table so I can flip through it often.
Sam shook off her jitters and pushed her way back through the throngs of people. Her father and Abby were talking to a woman wearing a crisp blue suit and carrying a professional-looking digital camera.
There are many others and I’d love to hear your favorites. These are just the ones that I know I will refer back to time and again.
Studying the Bible takes time; sensing God’s voice is a skill that improves with practice. The control you handed over to Jesus for Lent will clear some very noisy distractions out of your life. Take advantage of this new-found quiet space.
A hundred years ago there must have been thousands of such signs. Most of them have disappeared on to rubbish heaps or into the homes of rapacious collectors of railway memorabilia (you know who you are). I’m glad this one is still doing its job, directing passengers to Harrow, Uxbridge, and the far west.
Spoon the mixture into the pan in desired sized fritters. Cook on each side until each side is browned and tender to the touch. (Prevent breaking by turning as few times as possible.) Serve warm.
Been working on this for a couple of nights now, actually probablly 2 nights now that I think of it but it's coming along quite quickly. The table I'm working on is meant to be a research base/exploration centre so I wanted to have a small ship which could be used to transfer cargo and specimins to/from the RT vessel in orbit (Don't you just love narrative).
1 1/3 cups ice water
Love has risks. Motherhood is the riskiest venture around! It is also the one that has the greatest rewards! I want to thank all the hard-working, risk-taking Mothers out there who LOVE! I’m grateful for my own mother—risking her heart to 9 children. She’s had her heart banged up and broken a bunch through the years, but she’s tough like my irises. A wind might knock her down, but her love just gets stronger.
· Brenda Lee
"...Perhaps there’s merit in stepping back just a bit and seeking to look at it from the perspective of the receiving country..." Whoa! Stop right there mon frer.
The relationship that exists between the cow and the grass is very similar to that of the wild buffalo or elk that once roamed America’s grasslands.
I guess you had your big golf party yesterday. Some guy named Bubba won. I guess that IBM chick was there in her pink jacket.
Dendrochronology has some fascinating applications. For instance, tree rings from 700 year old bald cypress trees in the Carolinas revealed why the early settlers at Roanoke in 1587 A.D. perished. They arrived at the beginning of a prolonged drought. Bald cypress tree rings from two decades later also showed that the Jamestown colonists arrived during a seven-year drought lasting from 1606 to 1613 A.D.
China’s criticism of the US over debt issues is a case of the wok accusing the deep fryer of being a cooking implement. Although China is the world’s largest creditor nation, its municipalities are carrying more than a trillion dollars in debt — much …
I wrote a whole page in my end of week check-in just on issues that have been important to my recovery. I won’t go into them here because to simply list them out would not really explain them and that would not pass on any useful information to anyone. These things may very well come out in later posts I make and articles I write.
I like the occasional sultry romance, and Rabbit Heart, I thought, would be one of the many that I have enjoyed in the past. After all, an English love affair among London’s high society between the 1400’s to late 1800’s has been my targeted read for years, now.
"A mad sculptor, searching for the perfect realization of "the mask of horror", places himself in front of a mirror after smearing blood over himself with the glass of an oil lamp. He then swallows a virulent poison to observe the effects of pain."This is perhaps the first of the curious 'mad-artist' sub-genre of films which would go on to include Vernon Sewell's Latin Quarter (1945), Roger Corman's Bucket of Blood (1959), Herschell Gordon Lewis' Color Me Blood Red (1965), and other lesser-known fare. Unfortunately, beyond the synopsis, no other information could be found, and the survival status of the film remains unknown.
Preliminary rounds for the DC Pro Tour fueled by Monster Energy, which are closed to the public, are scheduled for Friday, September 10 from 4:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. The grand finale is slated for Saturday, September 11 from 1:00 p.m. to 3:45 p.m. Doors open to the public at 12:00 p.m. Tickets and additional information are available at www.streetleague.com.
Onward to Clive Barker’s Jericho!
Anyway, smoking:
We then talked for some time about his law practice, which was an admirable one, devoted to representing poor people against swindlers and profiteers. He showed me a charming portrait of his two children, eleven and nine years old, which he had drawn with one of his own quills. The chances that either child would grow wings was, as for every Gyr, a thousand to one.
Other: SU border punch, SU Night of Navy ink, American Crafts brads, foam dots
2: 11:05-11:10
We view internet access and information to technology as a great equalizer, and it certainly has that potential; however, the feelings of being overwhelmed and, frankly, inundated are uncomfortable. Where do we begin? Certainly, most people turn to educators and the school system. Rightly so. But, as many are quick to point out, we have many obstacles to surmount before we can reap all the benefits of technology.
LDL = 84 mg/dL – (Less than 100 mg/dL is Optimal) – CHECK!
2 Seattle 10:20
MSRP: $199.99 on-contract
Here in the Chicago office that houses Communication Therapy and Chicago P.L.A.Y. Project we are very excited about our work using iPad apps with children with special needs! We have plenty of information to share with you, no matter where you are.
Where: Cathy's Mom's house
Here is a really small small example:
‘Yeah, well he’s got form,’ I replied. ‘He was the youngest person to have Bell’s palsy too.’
A: It is a little embarrassing for me to say this myself, but the director said that when he was looking at the shortlist, he felt that I could pull off the idol look, or exude a more fresh-faced image. I don’t even know if this is a good or bad thing (laughs). I asked him, “Is this a compliment?” and the reply was, “Hmm..not necessarily..”
Gregory: the GOP are getting lots of things done!
Yet the MDC have thus far participated in these discussions because their options are limited. Zanu-PF have refused to give up power and, under Mbeki’s protection, have committed enough murder and intimidation to “win” last month’s farcical presidential run-off in which there was only one candidate.
Not only did it look and smell pretty bad, it didn't taste all that great, either. Texturally, it was really stringy and weird, and the smell overpowered any positive taste aspect there might have been.
I've been working on my sample for the class and since the class is about symbols, I'm starting out with creating the images that will go in the book.
more poignant when viewed today.
D.H: Giants are contained, they kick it away. Patriots get a touchback.
Taking a Bible story and remaking it into a fiction book probably isn’t easy. There’s so much to take into consideration, there’s the biblical accuracy as well as historical accuracy to take into account and this author balances it really well, she uses a little bit of modern language but it makes the story more readable and isn’t noticed overly much. The author mixes history and her imagination very well in this book and it makes this story believable. The way this book was written shows the author’s passion for her subject matter.
I have been thinking a lot about water lately. After rereading the Mistborn series and the different ways that metals were used to create three different and distinct magic systems that are similar, I was thinking about the different ways in which water could be used to create power — as water wheels turning gears, a very rudimentary way of getting things done; as steam power, which is more sophisticated, but has the drawbacks of needing water to turn into steam; and then as hydroelectric power. I am still figuring out how I would use these three elements of water in my world, but this is a start. We’ll see where it goes from here.
Remember that you can join anytime -- even a month from now, a year. A River of Stones badge is to the right.
I feel a little crafting coming on, so hopefully i will return with pics of finished projects... i hope!
I am relieved to say that I was not one of the ones cut, but many of the people I have come to know and love in the company, were.
So... I guess what I'm trying to say is... I AM taking a little time for myself these busy busy days. A few minutes or hours at a time.
Recently, my husband taught my daughter how to play “Chopsticks” on the piano. She has been practicing and practicing it and finally got it down. Last night, she was on one keyboard, and my husband was on another. The two of them played the sweetest duet, and it was so cute! I love watching my husband pass on his skill, and I love watching my daughter absorb it all like a sponge.
Where is my life headed this time?
4B. Time & Space – TEL 238
Yes, Jack is on the crack. It started innocently enough. A rawhide here and there, to keep him busied when I don't have the time to cover him with smooches, or scratch his belly while we watched The Real Housewives together. Nothing fancy, just the plain ol' common ones with a knot at each end. He'd prop it between his paws, grin happily and gnaw. Things were good then... Things were....simpler.
I took him to our vet to be scanned to see if he has a chip. No chip.
Our confused waitress kept coming by until we finally told her that we had the key to the city. She smiled, somewhat exasperatedly, and asked us to wait a few minutes before another woman, clearly the boss, came over to our table. To this, Melanie and I cheered which threw her only further into confusion (what were these white girls doing cheering in her tortilla shop?), don't worry, our group totally won her over by the end.
That media buys are essential to a campaign dovetails with Stevens’ later observations on the distinctions between policy and media in the course of a campaign. Karl, of course is, well, you can guess who Karl is.
Do you see how I plan these entries strategically? I spare you the weepy Wednesdays, the Tear-my-hair-out Thursdays (one day I did actually pull out a few strands of hair in frustration), La Llorona / Moaning Myrtle / banshee on craic imitation days. I spare the reflections to future teachers - "don't do it! run the other way!" - and neglect to attach the furious e-mails sent to loved ones of my futility in this profession.
When mom came home in the evening, daddy had gotten his invention running. It was some sort of flitration system. I wonder what it does.
And in case you don't already know...
The Baltic Room
I also love that when we're out looking at birds, I usually have my phone with me, whereas I've never had a bird book handy when I was needed one!
A few more pics of the kids enjoying the movie together (and ignore the mess it's a lived in house on a Saturday, what can I say? The living room was spotless and vacuumed at one point yesterday.)
However, according to Mr Hutcheon’s article “Following the conviction, Sheridan’s solicitor Aamer Anwar sought leave to appeal on the grounds that pre-trial publicity denied his client a fair trial.”
Ok, so I thought I’d share this:
And do not grieve the unsuspecting birds by taking eggs;
Week 1: Social Media (Part 1)
I didn’t call anyone’s religion bullshit. I did say that there is bullshit—”untrue words or ideas”—in the Bible. That is being spun as an attack on Christianity. Which is bullshhh… which is untrue.
For me, getting the major things nailed down in a simple fashion is the easiest kind of thing to do; I am definitely more adept at creating the structure and skeleton for things....refinement and details are more difficult for me, I find that I get irritated and often bored if I over-focus on the details of something. This is something I have a tendency to do. I know that I do better on assignments if I either: (1) send in a first draft with only a cursory review and edit, OR (2) really, really, really spend a lot of time reviewing and re-reading and editing a paper.
The sacred geometry of chance
I don’t know what to do and I wish all my mamas would tell me … do I risk it and let this man ‘take care of us’ cause fuck it you only live once, or do I keep my distance and never know if it could have been the real deal or not?
(this is not a fully inclusive list of all of our games, but a list of the ones we like best and actually use)
When I bought eggs at the Farmers Market I always wanted to know what the chickens were fed…and I never seemed to get a satisfactory answer. “All natural” wasn’t good enough for me. It can mean so many things, and different things to different people. So when the time finally came and we got our first flock, I knew I wanted to feed my chickens certified organic feed so there was no question about just how “natural” their diet is. Even though The Girls free-range and mostly consume bugs, weeds, grass and spiders, we wanted to know that when they do eat feed, it is the very best they can get.
The problem is that pesky second-hand smoke issue. Sure, non-smoking customers can go elsewhere, but not everyone can: employees, vendors, inspectors, et al.
I liked the orientation so much that I told myself if a similar box appeared, I would set up something with the same orientation. That box appeared a couple of weeks ago so I set it up on the side of the table. I also decided to add two other boxes with a similar orientation to form an apparatus I call Vertical Boxes.
Aside from the sketching, I am still busy working on my digital illustration project. I have a first draft of the briefed image just about completed now so I am taking this to show to my friend, to get her feedback on it. I will be interested to hear her thoughts and then I can happily make changes based on her suggestions. I hope I have got her vision in some way captured in the initial design!!
Fully exposed to the addictions around me. No barrier whatsoever.
You can find our Kickstarter page here:
Author: Ashley Mackler-Paternostro
First of all, there’s a big change in the setting. The previous book took place in the slick, futuristic Society, while Crossed is more of a survival story in the rugged desert. The landscape is harsh and unforgiving, yet Cassia and Ky both find a certain kind of beauty in it. I feel this sums the book up as a whole. Dystopian fiction is dark by nature, with the characters often finding themselves in terrible situations. Crossed is appropriately serious as the characters face the concept of death and inner demons, yet they always choose to hope instead of turning to despair.
No, that trauma you faces was not easy.
The girl frowned. “I’m sorry sir, but this does not resemble you.”
Does it matter that the fictional Skeeter was writing reportage and the real Stockett was writing fiction? These are murky waters.
Bubby Mans
It's that time of year when fall is in the air and kids aged 2-90 across the US are excitedly planning their costume. Most families I know put far more thought into costumes than they put into selectively choosing treats to distribute to trick-or-treaters. This concerns me. Following are a few quick bullet points to explain why we should devote FAR more planning to choosing what we put in our Halloween treat bowls:
Right. First things first. Victoria Bitter isn’t. But it used to be. Crown Lager is premium. It even says so on the label, but is it a Pilsner ? Pure Blonde is neither. Pale ale often isn’t. And Carlton Cold says it is beer. And is a Dortmunder export that you buy in Dortmund actually a Local ? And is lo-cal beer better for you ?
But that’s exactly appropriate.
The last method of '60s and '70s cardboard doesn't even involve any physical "airbrushing", but it ways a way to "update" collectors on their favorite players.
“Height adjustments can be made on either side by one man using the adjustable mast lifting handle and removable quick-action mast locking pin,” Conway continues. “All beams come with convenient carrying handles on both ends. A-frame assemblies fold up and lock in folded position with plunger pins. The entire assembly is pinch-point free. Overall the advanced design of the GH2T Gantry makes the work of transporting, assembling and adjusting a Gantry lift a much simpler task.”
The barren violence of its primal wars,
As you may realise, I have no memory of any of this, but from witness reports, for some stupid reason I was trying to argue/fight big Tim, then was all happy and I was carrying him around the bar (also carried Capa and Rei around the bar - this is with a broken back), then they all lost me, near the station.
Made of 100% cotton jersey for a soft and comfortable feel
With only one major book chain left, the age of the publisher's rep is almost over. I think that there should be a memorial coat of arms, depicting a full English breakfast, some blood pressure tablets and a large black suitcase on wheels. But sadly, I think their passing will be unnoticed by all but a few.
We had a very lively discussion. They all spoke about their work to start with then we discussed poetics referring to the work of Robert Sheppard and looked at a few ideas form Hazel Smith’s The Writing Experiment. They left buzzing with ideas.
So we have to rush out of there, we get there over an hour after they called us, and poor Henry was miserable. I felt so bad for him. I got him home and gave him some Advil, but he screamed for like half an hour until it kicked in. And then! I started bleeding again.
P.S. In relation to this post, I was asked By Horst if I was interested in contributing a piece for his Art Deparment Series, and I of course immediately said yes! I am still not sure if I will be doing an illustration or a character transformation that captures the essence of Lynn & Horst, but I've been thinking about it and have already thought of some ideas. I guess we will have to wait and see what I do.
There's SO much to see....don't miss it.
With the addition of two spouses who made the trip, some two hours south of Paris, and the lady of the house and her husband, we were eight for lunch: aspic of asparagus with shrimp, roasted veal in a heavenly sauce of seasonal mushrooms, a cheese course, and a plum tart, all home-cooked. Monsieur poured a cremant from Burgundy for an aperitif (which then came with us to the table) and then followed with a red with the cheese. Meanwhile, the hostess regaled us with stories of her family through the ages. The property has been in the family since the 14th century although the house only since the early 18th. And despite some fabulous art work and furnishings, it's still very much a home as evidenced by the swing set in the yard and the stacks of puzzles, games, and doll furniture for the grandchildren. Not to mention the big screen tv which I didn't notice until much later in the afternoon when the master of the house could not resist checking out how France was doing in its Davis Cup match. FYI: they won.
Want to know something completely annoying about living at home with your parents as an adult?
You can use a hand mixer or blender also for this...
HAHAHA ok sorry that was lame. xP
Film Synopsis:
After church, on our way home we discussed why we were not celebrating Easter the way we normally did. I was amazed that the kids were totally fine with the change!
I warmed up with a few laps around the track. Eager to get to the squat rack. Did a few warm up sets and loaded the bar to 190, the last weight I had completed for 6 reps. By the 3rd rep, I was in trouble, I was struggling. By the time my thighs were parallel to the floor on the fourth set, I was stuck. I couldn’t get back up, my spotter thought I’d be able to push myself back up and though I appreciated his faith in me, it was seriously overestimated. I collapsed under the weight and the bar rolled over my head.
Truly, if anybody is intersted in the play by play report or the resources let me know because I would be more than happy to share.
I entered my first Short Story Contest today! I only found out about the contest five days before the deadline, so I picked an idea I had for a novel, gutted it, and ran.
The website advertised the ‘services’ of various women including their ages, vital statistics and a description of the type of sexual services they do and don’t provide with the use of abbreviations such as ‘BBBJ, AJ, AR, CIM’.
This blog abides by word of mouth marketing standards. We believe in honesty of relationship, opinion and identity.
Linking up with the following girls;
Ezra H, age 10, lies on the couch, benchpressing watermelons, and then makes you feel his arms---swearing his muscles have grown already.
Interestingly, the expression 'Peeping Tom' is said to derive from the name of one resident who defied a proclamation to remain behind shuttered windows during the ride!
We also have yet to hear from our winner Caro from the challenge last week. Caro, please contact Denise to claim your Bunny Zoe Crafts prize. If we don't hear from you by Monday at 8am EST, we will have to choose another winner.
I’ll just have to make up for this with a special beer from the ‘beer crisper’ when the storms die down and the pager stops beeping. So, wish me luck, happy birthday to me and cheers!
We love this sort of stuff, so if you’ve discovered something akin to these, please let us know. Seriously, don’t hold out. We got the fever and the only cure is more techno-literary detritus.
Unless there are some fundamental attitudinal changes by all role players, there is a risk that we will see an increasingly polarised society based on heightened racial divisions – and I am not just talking black and white.
Friends Cathy and Jane are on vacation in France, bicycling through the scenic countryside. They get into a bit of an argument--a real row--and separate long enough to cool off. When Jane heads back to the wooded area where she left Cathy, she finds her friend missing, with only a pair of panties as proof that she had ever been there.
Below, a shout-out to the people on the team who helped Rafael create these modern day princesses
So what do I see in the poem? Okay, he’s split the piece into two sections. The first stanza is twenty-one lines long and the second is twelve. Had this been my poem I might have been tempted to divide it into three parts, the first at the pond, the second at home and school and the third back at the pond although I have no objection to his choice to split it into light and dark, innocent and not-quite-as-innocent, before and after – whatever way you want to look at it. It’s not as simple as pretty and ugly because from the very onset the imagery is far from pretty with words like ‘festered’ and ‘rotted’ painting a picture of the decay from which life rises. The poem begins with the death of nature: “In the midst of life we are in death.” A true naturalist would be well aware that this is the way of things but unexpectedly this is not a poem about a naturalist but rather a young boy. I suppose he could just as easily have called the poem ‘Death of a Herpetologist’ but if we ignore the dictionary definition of ‘naturalist’ and take the word literally it suggests a person who does things naturally, a natural-ist. It’s unnatural to put frogspawn in jam jars. Before that he may well have been content simply to be a part of nature but once he assumes the role of the Naturalist of the title the natural-ist – if I can distinguish between the two – dies. Perhaps I’m reading too much into the title. There is also the possibility that what dies are the boy’s aspirations of becoming a naturalist once he starts to realise what’s involved in the job.
I seriously believe that my Sunday football team could at least get a draw against Arsenal. I’ve seen enough teams do their homework against Arsenal and it looks pretty simple to stifle Plan A.
I was looking for a catchy name for my blog, but also one that incorporates something that I believe in. And I feel strongly about having balance, which to be honest is difficult to do in corporate america. This is why I named my blog leaveatfive, because I feel that 5pm represents a full day at the office and it’s important to have other interests outside of sitting at a desk.
I know sometimes I live with the work for a while, keep it somewhere I can view it often, and sometimes it becomes obvious what might be missing, or what might be needed...
therefore, direct the CPIO, CBEC to transfer appellant's RTI-application to the subordinate offices/public authorities where the information requested by the appellant is known to be held. This may be done within two weeks of the receipt of this order.
They say "Let your voice be heard! Your perspective matters!" You can always spot bad copy a) by the irrelevant application of exclamation marks and b) by poor use of language. The copy begins, "As a strategic member of the workforce, we invite you to participate in our annual Salary and Job Market study."
"The mistletoe is still hung up in farm-houses and kitchens at Christmas, and the young men have the privilege of kissing the girls under it, plucking each time a berry from the bush. When the berries are all plucked the privilege ceases."
Let the press try to find some real news because at the moment they are acting like dirty little voyeurs and if they don't find anything to get off on they make it up!
You are whole
1/4 cup sugar-free strawberry jam
I am an education snob and am currently working on my MBA in Marketing.
The background is made up with distress inks. Bits of cut n dry foam are used to apply the ink, not too even, so that it gives the appearance of clouds. Splodges are good! The sentiment and other balloons are from Kaisercraft's "Up, Up & Away" stamp set. The sentiment was stamped in black archival ink and heat embossed with clear powder. I still couldn't resist a little Perfect Pearls on the larger of the two stamped balloons!
I am a big fan of what my friend Anthony calls "breakfast after dark" which is breakfasty foods eaten for dinner. This version of breakfast after dark featured scrambled tofu, roasted tomato, mushrooms & an awesome hash brown. The hash brown was by far the highlight of the meal & was based on a recipe I found on food.com. These hash browns are really good & there is a possibility that I ate 3 of them.
McDonald’s:
By the crossroads we kissed
As gales of abnormal force
* The worst thing agriculture can do is answer a question no one is asking. The questions consumers are asking are not the same ones agriculture is answering, Yazmir said. As an industry, agriculture needs to find where the two conversations intersect and begin answering the right questions. Otherwise, he said, the disconnect will continue.
(later a friend and collaborator). Songs like "England My Lionheart"
“You gotta wear it, I’m not gonna take you for a ride without it. You wanna try mine?” He sat down in front of her..
But we don’t have to wait for missionaries to visit for our children to become involved in the great commission. There are opportunities for your children to serve the international community right here in America. Giving up vacation time to volunteer with a ministry has many benefits for families.
This isn't a phone session. You can be anywhere and receive the energy. Your intent to join is the connection. You could be in your car or on a plane and still receive the energy. It's best to try and be quiet during the session on Sun. Feb. 3 and just notice what is happening in your body. You can sit or lie down. You can still be active and get good results during the session but optimal results are obtained by being quiet during the session. It's ok to sleep during the session. It's helpful to not bathe right after the session, wait until the next morning. Try to avoid cold drinks the night of the main session. It's also good to take it easy the next day after the session and if you exercise do it very moderately. It's best to use the energy for healing and not for a lot of activity. The energy can continue to work in your body several days or more after the session.
Kenanga Research, in a note yesterday evening, reversed its rating on Sime Darby from a hold to a sell, noting that the announcement was “extremely negative” as the provisioning was “much larger than what the investment community had been forcasting.”
6) iPod. Music is an essential part of my writing process. Every project has a playlist to put me in “the zone” of the story or the character, (See How Music Helped Me Write A Novel). If I’m writing a random piece, like a blog post, I select an established playlist to set the mood. For example, right now I’m listening to Owl City’s All Things Bright and Beautiful album from my “Feel Good” playlist.
SMACKKKKKKKK!!!!! The sobs get longer, and the counting starts lagging behind.
ULTRAMAN: THE MOTION PICTURE debuts, the first in a long series of Ultraman theatrical features.
I have very sensitive skin. Not to the point that I get rashes or irritation, but to the point that I have to be very careful about which products I use on my face because I get red itchy eyes, super dry skin, and the occasional small bumpy breakout. Recently, I wanted to find something more natural to put on my face. Something that didn't have many ingredients and something that didn't have the undesirable parabans and chemicals.
“…I was composing in my thoughts the scheme and sequence of the ideas destined by me for publication and did not know then how to begin either?
Since the popular blogs I have glanced at at the moment fail to discern the overly-cautious quality of statements from officials and experts -- designed to protect themselves from even small possibilities of being wrong or underestimating events -- I offer readers a more accurate site for a few-times-a-day (but not hourly) review of information: Expert information can at times be much better information. This is one such time. From the Nuclear Energy Institute (who will not profit from understatement, but only from accuracy -- they must maintain credibility, and that means giving out accurate information):
I barely got this stupid catalog where I fell desperately in love with it.
Alongside his former classmates and friends, Mohamed had attended some of the peaceful opposition protests – generally sit-ins or marches – that have been a regular feature in Mauritania during the past year. He was an amiable and popular young man, known for his wit, humour and compassion, a devoted husband and father. His friends and family all attest to his personality and disposition as one of balance and virtue. In other words, not an excitable person prone to rash behaviour. Mohamed was in a difficult situation regarding his income and employment, but he was not depressed or ready to give up.
It is fragile, her soft crying. No one else will see or know,
4) Rinse the cabbage 3 times and drain very well. You might need to press the cabbages firmly to remove the extra moisture.
I've reached the point in Janathon where it seems to have been going on forever, but it still has forever to go. I think if I can push through this coming week with exercise every day, then I will have cracked it, but oh lordy it is v hard, what with work being über busy, Lumpy the Badger Baby developing teeth and not sleeping, the injury and all, it just seems there aren't hours in the day enough to exercise and blog and also to read and comment on other blogs.
2) I adore the completely Russian feel to the story. I've always been a sucker for stories involving the cold winters and warm coats and beautiful gala dances of this culture. And the white stag just felt so magical and perfect and was such a rich and wonderful addition.
Refrigerate for a few hours or overnight.
It was kinda nice saying charge it to our room!!!
Today is also a big day the DS turned 26! It is hard to believe that the little newborn boy is all grown up taller than mom and dad and planning his own wedding. Wish I was closer to have given him a big hug today.
His critics describe him as arrogant.
She will come up to you and give your leg a giant hug and then kiss it before she walks away.
Infowars.com REPORTER Contest
I don’t know which was more embarrassing: having the two bobbly things sliced off or having the consultant comment unfavourably on my bright yellow socks.
Move, dance and sing with the flow of what comes forth! Such Beauty is wanting to be born! Can you feel this? There is never a time when you are away from this Power! It is so very close, waiting to be set free through your deep letting go.
A woman on the Upper East Side found what?
The second disc starts off with a fantastic extra for Kubrick fans – a newly re-mastered transfer of Killer’s Kiss (1955), a low budget film noir the director made prior to The Killing. Shot on the streets of New York City, it concerns a small-time boxer by the name of Davey Gordon (Jamie Smith) who is past his prime. He becomes romantically involved with his neighbor and dancer Gloria Price (Irene Kane) while also getting mixed up with her violent boss Vincent Rapallo (Frank Silvera). Kubrick’s background in documentaries is evident in the way he shoots every day life in New York. The city is almost a character unto itself and the film serves as a fascinating snapshot of a metropolis that no longer exists.
I'll do that on Monday and update it if need be.
The Futility Closet is an interesting site with little bits and pieces of fascinating information. Check it out.
So, if you didn't realize it already. I am a classy girl. Just ask my niece.
We’ve gotten lots of yard work done and have done some fun things.
Saturday, April 28, 2012
The original section 92A was the subject of much comment and speculation in the media – it will be interesting to see what public and industry response there is to the current proposal. The deadline for submissions is Friday 7 August 2009".If you're thinking of responding, do please note the deadline (why are important deadlines so often in the middle of the holiday period -- or are there no holidays in New Zealand at that time?). And if you want to discuss this topic with Elena, who is definitely an enthusiast, you can email her here
This truly is a life changing message and Idon’t do it justice. Father I pray in Jesus name that some will watch and some will ponder the 2 paths of life today and that Love Grace Mercy and Truth are our banner today in Jesu mighty name.
Poor me, she conjectured, for having parents who would react so unfairly to their own daughter and valuable employee. Her parents would never do that.
Khar, an ex-parliamentarian and son of a wealthy Pakistani governor, was eventually cleared of the attack, though many believe he could have used his family connections to escape conviction.
tag to help put me in the mood. Come on
Worst Wrap Job Ever... 6 dollars
Friends, if a taste of bitter is what you are feeling as Mother's Day approaches, let me encourage you. It might take twenty four years, but one day it will hurt less. One day you will be able to breathe again. One day you will be able to go outside the safety of your home on Mother's day and not want to punch every daughter taking her own mom for granted or mom taking her children for granted. God is with you today. Our savior, he can move mountains....I have witnessed it. He is mighty to save, and he wants so desperately to save you. He CONQUERED the grave! He did...he did it for you and for me. For me, dreading Mother's Day, I believe became a habit. I am going to break that habit right now, replacing it with looking it as an opportunity to pray specifically for each hurting heart out there...each heart that is dreading Mother's Day.
So anyway, we come out of the grocery store and the TM says "Obama's Gone!"
But that is friends.
Phreak: What do I do?
I think effectively communicating the knowledge of economics to the public can help to a degree. But even with a better education, economics will always collide with ideology. The ideology will win most of the time. It is a tough battle to fight, but I have hope that we can continue to hammer facts out of data and make stronger and stronger cases over the long run. Of course, as a famous fellow once said, in the long run….
But back to the baking. So I like baking because I can spend all day in the kitchen and focus on things that make sense (1/2 a cup of sugar, 1 cup of milk, pour into bowl) rather than all the things that don't make sense (men, the education system, the future of my career). In addition to the calming aspect of baking, I like the fact that I can give away the things I make. It's hard to cook well for one person, and I get tired of having to invite people over all the time. Besides, who wants to come over every night just to eat my new things?
Thanks so much for stopping by and hello to the new followers! I appreciate you all so much! Once I hit 100 followers I'll host another blog candy giveaway!!
Black Angus.
the kind of love she may never find.
….. Who made his blood flow quicker, he must have known her from another life, I mean this was that uuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhuuuuuuuuuuuwwwwwwiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii feeling. First hand raw emotion, and then she smiled, he knew at that moment that he had to write a song, a dirge maybe, because he had just died, went straight to heaven, and some may even say she made him die a thousand deaths at that very moment.
After that we’re quite sure his career will take a dramatic turn for the better. People will quit screwing him over. The sun will come out and the muses will smile down upon him. Heck, he might even win a slew of Academy Awards!
Oooops . . . I seem to have gotten off on a bit of a tangent . . . I nearly forgot the reason for today's post!! I have a new card to share with you! One I made just for fun!!!
FIVE PURPLE THINGS,
Would someone please provide me with a scriptural reference.
Gerbera Daisy!
Here's the catch, though: those objects at the Lagrangian points are only in stable orbits if they're much less massive than their parent body. These same simulations have shown that it's quite possible for these early Trojans to start accreting to a mass over the stability limit...at which point they come spiraling to the Earth.
03 Heads Will Roll
"They tried to block us, and got into our website and damaged it," says Shai.
lemon zest ( a bout 1/2 tsp-1 tsp or so)
But I'm dropping pounds, so it's worth it. And I'm not exactly giving up things. I'm using Julia Child's philosophy of just enjoying small portions of the best available. With me and the steroids, it's more like tiny, minuscule portions to have success.
Mashed potatoes………. and gravy
Psalm 19:14 The Message
On any Sunday night you can count upwards to a dozen Jet lights stretching from Brooklyn through Staten Island and into New Jersey.
Next time: I want to look at how the rules of relationships need to change to accommodate the needs of meltdown-prone adults.
It is not possible to know for sure, whether we did or didn't evolve from apes. Even that aside, evolution does not have to fall outside the boundaries of the Bible. Genesis 1 clearly states that man was created last in order to care for the world around him. Any phylogenetic tree or rendition of the fossil record will show you that evolutionarily speaking, humans arrived "on the scene" last. But because Genesis gives no concrete definition of time, who is to say how many years = a day in Genesis 1? Is it then not also possible, that evolution could be God's method of sculpting out the world and all that fills it?
It has become clear to me now what David Cameron was actually talking about when he revealed his vision for a 'Big Society. At the time, to be honest, I thought it was a hallucinogenic mopping up operation aimed at Socialists and Left-leaners that had lost their way with Labour.
When you get a movie that seems like it’s going to be a mixture of something from Bridesmaids (producers), Forgetting Sarah Marshall (director), and straight-up Judd Apatow (also producer) comedy, you would think think that this would be laugh out loud funny, right? Ehhh, who knows!
Band around card: 1 3/4" wide x 9 1/2" wide
1 Jn 1:3-4 (Phi) We repeat, we really saw and heard what we are now writing to you about. We want you to be with us in this–in this fellowship with the Father, and Jesus Christ his Son. We write and tell you about it, so that our joy may be complete.
The Anti-Eviction Campaign sees the constant arrest of its members (with the matter either never making it to court or getting thrown out of court) as a violation of people’s rights. It is an intimidation tactic that police officers use punish activists all over South Africa and make residents scared to protest in the future.
We were returning to our hotel after exploring Palma. Being on holiday, the world looked different compared to the day-to-day life of home. I was relaxed and full of sights, sounds, smells, and even flavors of the city. My eyes were looking everywhere. Then here’s this man who looks intent on where he’s going, seemingly immersed in serious thought.
I contemplated not going in to work. But I did. There were ... I want to say four of us ... who were "Deadheads", two of us who had done tour (me and one other). The other one had called out. I think one guy with whom I could commiserate was there that night. Every time we passed one another in the kitchen or at the bar, we'd just keep repeating the same thing over and over, and I don't even remember what it was, but I know it was something like.... "really? What's going to happen? How is this possible?"
Bobby take sth ecetner of the cage. Quick bombo by Cody. Brents gets up in against the cage and lands a nice knee, but Cody counters with a hard hook. Bobby gets a leg and bring it up high, and then gets the take down.
If I had to give out awards for the festival, here are a few:
Things had been pretty quiet as far as insurgent activity, though there had been a consistent presence in the area in the past (and it continues–the Provincial Capital still frequently gets bombed). But things were fairly calm for the summer. Police arrested people and politicians went to work and tried not to be corrupt. One such man, an elected member of the Provincial Council, had a son who was somewhere between 8 and 10 years old. He went to school. He played soccer. He was probably a bit mischievous at home.
The last 'C' is a sense of commitment -- commitment to contribute to society. If we think of being useful to people rather than about gaining something out of them, then corruption can be rooted out. Everyone has needs and responsibilities. We need to see how we can reduce our needs and increase our contribution. This is absolutely essential in today's world. When the equation between needs and responsibility is disturbed, there is chaos.
But I tell you; it is a complete turn around from watching tv shows from my pre-pregnancy time in comparison to viewing television with a newborn. True Blood seems to be on every other day. My life just went on turbo mode where time passes fast.
Finally, some sunshine! It was beautiful out with clear skies towards the ocean and some clouds toward the mountains (typical).
Ginger wine (optional or you can also use rice wine), 1 tablespoon
tweaker
In the Spider’s web—
Grace conjures up $30
Mike Love / At the gates of conscious; construction zone / 65-66
4. It builds your self-motivation to take the necessary actions, lighting a spark of what can be for yourself.
The Blessed Guardians especially Guardian Hope, and the Fugleman really annoyed me. And if they didn't I would've been really concerned, because they were written to be despised for their constraints and ulterior motives. Again, I wanted to know more about them, and what their "normal" life would consist of - surely they would have some other attachments, you know, other than being pains in the butt?
I'm a dedicated self-portraitist because I'm usually not too comfortable making my dumb "modelface" in front of other live humans.
There are many things that are impeding the progress of the sport of track and field. One of the big ones is the lack of competition among the world’s top male sprinters. Every era that has thrived has done so on the backs (feet) of the thoroughbreds of the sport going at it with regularity. Jim Hines, Charlie Greene, John Carlos, and Tommie Smith in the ‘60’s. Steve Williams, Don Quarrie, Silvio Leonard, Hasley Crawford and Harvey Glance in the 70’s. James Sanford, Carl Lewis, Calvin Smith, Stanley Floyd, Raymond Stewart, and Ben Johnson in the 80’s. Carl Lewis, Linford Christie, Leroy Burrell, Dennis Mitchell, Donovan Bailey, Bruny Surin, Ato Boldon, Maurice Greene and Frankie Fredericks in the 90’s. It’s no coincidence that attendance at meets was high, and there were a lot more meets during these eras. And the funny thing is that some of the most revered names in the sport reside among that list – competing often and even losing didn’t seem to harm their legacies.
They also have great posts from other ambassador bloggers, help for indexing and for searching the 1940 census!
Electric motors are capable of very high efficiency, over 90%, one the reason they're attractive to "alternative energy" folks. As you might expect, weighing against this advantage are some disadvantages. One is that being connected across the power line lets AC motors draw high peak currents, as much as seven to 10 times normal operating currents, at start up. This is one of the reasons for the starting capacitor many motors have, and large motors (like central air conditioners) will sometimes have a "soft start" kit. Obviously, these current surges can affect other devices on the same circuit.
That you said you didn't want to fade
Maybe thinking that everything is going as well as it should is a good idea, rather than assuming something bad could happen any minute.
_____ATTENTION!!!! For your safety and well being I offer the following advice: Deeper, Harder, and Faster are NOT the best "safe words" to use!!!!!
I started this blog post a few days ago, and subsequently changed my mind about publisihing it, for the simple reason that if I continued to write it I’d lose my temper and do something silly. Adorning the top of this post you will see two images. Look VERY closely at them for they are documented proof that freedom of speech and expression in this country is not only dead, it’s decomposing and leaving a stinking, rotting stench behind. A stench which I fear is spreading, rather fucking quickly. Let alone the lack of any sort of legitimate justice.
"Ziggy man! How you doing?"
Here is a pic of the first skein:
Altamira Ranch represents the manifestation of the dreams and visions for generations of one California family. Occupying 20-acres along the rugged coastline of the Palos Verdes Peninsula, the undeveloped site held memories of childhood camping trips, family picnics, and romantic sunsets between husband and wife. Because of this sense of place, the clients wanted to maintain the “untouched” feel of the land as much as possible in the design of their 15,500 square foot family complex and to connect it to the surrounding landscape both physically and visually.
I am not certain what to make of “Cure.” The premise--a newly contacted alien race has a mitracle cure all they are willing to share--has to wind up a dud by the conclusion. Since we already know that is going to happen, the journey there has to be the interesting part. The journey in this case revolves around the mythology of the Tok’ra. Maybe I am not geeky enough to care much, but the trip to the predictable end is not much of a thrill.
You can see in this photo where the original bath house was. The brick wall is original up to the crumbly part as well as the bottom of the pillars. Here is a closer look:
Several of my favorite lines: “my self esteem is through the roof because no one’s been truthful with me.”
Make sure the bunny looks like it makes sense- just use your judgement.Just fiddle around till it looks right.
drain the bulgur wheat and squeeze out as much water as you can. this is very important to do. if using the tea towel, bring the sides up and twist it to extract as much water as you can.
The Facts
Scarf - Covent Garden Market (Wear 1)
That's all folks, I'd love to have you come back to my little area of the world wide web to read future blog posts - if you haven't already, please consider subscribing, then you'll have my post straight in your in-box (if you can bare it). If you are not already a follower, consider becoming a follower too as I am well overdue a give-away for my blogaversary which happened while I've been busy sorting out. There will be something special for my followers to celebrate this, so it will be my followers that are up for a little something (not sure what it is yet, but I will make it nice)!
Fill liners 2/3 full and bake for 20-22 minutes.
Top Tip Tuesday- Anything Goes (my tip.. to make that cute sparkly frame I ran it through my xyron UPSIDE down.. so the sticky was on the front of it and covered it with glitter! Fun Fast and Easy Sparkly Embellies!!)
One of the best things about this book is the characters. I loved them Especially Allison, Zeke and Kanin.
3.Mention 7 random things about yourself.
Hat tip: Dad/Mom
An indoor reception followed the ceremony, with beautiful candlelit tables, gold plates, and gold chairs. Guests enjoyed catering provided by Viaggio Winery, which included several appetizers, filet mignon, shrimp, portobello mushroom, and lamb. The fabulous meal was followed by Divine Desserts’ scrumptious three-tiered ivory cake, with details of ivory roses around each layer.
* The color scheme (peachy pink, red, gold and kraft/grey)
So my wife and I were still talking the other day about whether or not we should
Whatever happens this one is a success.
Sometimes I suspect that Pelecanos picks a song just because he likes it so much and wants his readers to like it, too. (Like 2 or 3 lines, he doesn't write about a song unless he has something good to say about it.)
Pour this into the yeast bowl.
2012’s Songsmith Gathering features dynamic and prolific songwriters Sarah Siskind, Moses Atwood, Jill Andrews and Chris Rosser and helps provide funding for SAFE, Inc, a non-profit offering programs and services to victims of domestic violence and sexual assault. SAFE has served Transylvania County’s victims of domestic and sexual violence for over 25 years, averaging over 350 clients a year with programs that provide support and education for victims and their families as well as a Domestic Violence Intervention Program.
Over the next few days (weeks?), Inside Cabaret will be posting interviews with the graduating Cabbie class of 2012. We’ve put together a wonderful insightful exit interview of sorts–appropriately named the Cabaret Cuestionnaire (sic)–that gives us access into the personalities and experiences of these wonderful people.
CALLER: You said, "Nigger, nigger, nigger."
Hidden the Hunger,
It was a fantastic night!! I had 6 people (not including myself) at my first meeting tonight...including one dad! The vibe was amazing- so supportive, and loving. It really reinforced the fact that Unschooling United is *needed* in our community...a place for find support for ourselves. The worry in the back of my head, that I'm not worthy of the facilitator role :), felt totally unfounded and downright SILLY once the meeting progressed and the discussion flowed. It was just GOOD.
to be weeded...I mean, picked!
The contrast between Billi and her father, Arthur, was all the stronger by her being a daughter following in her father’s footsteps.
I read the headlines in the daily news...
This is my first attempt...the idea was to show the egg in a basket. Remember the Easter egg hunts of your childhood and that feeling when you found your first egg? That is the memory I tried to capture in this ZIA I call "The hunt is on."
It’s 1968. Helena runs Albion PR in London’s Wardour Street, looking after ‘difficult’ stars. She hires 19 year-old Billy to teach him the secrets of the business. Saving the reputations of her clients involves an outrageous amount of lying and cheating, but neither Helena nor Billy realize this innocent era is about to come crashing to an end…
Anyway, the film convinced me that women were fully capable of serving bravely on the battlefield. If a Jewish American Princess can do it, so can Betty Boop. Witches have the added advantage of being able to hex the enemy before getting into close combat.
It’s funny – for the past year or so I’ve thought of myself more as a pantser than a plotter. Sure, I spend most of my time planning stories, and I usually have at least a basic outline when I start writing, but I generally toss that outline fairly soon into the writing process and just write what comes to me. I always have to start out with a basic overview of what will happen, but if I get too specific in the outline, I either don’t finish the story or completely ignore the outline.
Since all of this bullshit has been taken care of, things have been going wonderfully. Besides being exhausted and behind on all of my bills, of course.
The walk home was all uphill - necessary after the hot chocolates.
I consider it one of my favorite places in the world, but California's low desert has always been a bit spooky and melancholy to me. As we often drive the Coachella Valley into Palm Springs, I find myself growing quiet, almost solemn as I stare out the car window and into its vastness. That movie scene probably has something to do with it.
Everyone wins: The acquirer gains something new for very little cost, the giver doesn’t have to deal with the shame and hassle of throwing it away and the environment benefits from one less needlessly-junked landfill item. It’s basically free ecommerce for social good.
Dowd: we’re adding jobs and if that continues
He died il 18 February 1564 having made testament: he left his soul in God’s hands, his body to the earth and all his belongings to the “closest relatives”.
around and was told you specialize in tribal tats. Is that so?”
But, in the audience there was a little bit of theater. The Chancellor had come in. He was sitting in the corner, in the last row of seats, away from the action and slouched down to avoid recognition. And, quietly slipping
3. Jewish proverbs:
2 out of 5 – Drinking, Drugs, and/or Smoking – At a bar, Phoney and Smiley enjoy several beers. Speaking of Smiley, literally every panel he’s seen in always depicts him with a cigarette in his mouth.
111. A wild windstorm to watch from the safety and warmth of my living room - all natural entertainment!
We set out as a Unitarian Universalist Minister and a Catholic Franciscan Sister aspiring to be Faithful Fools. We had both come to a place in our lives where we longed to be faithful to a way of being and seeing in the world. Our many and varied experiences in life led us to one, simple truth - we are all human. No amount of wealth or education, nor any particulr place or religion protects us from suffering or assures us of joy. We have an unabashed belief that everyone has the potential to change and be changed and the work is for a lifetime.
What’s wrong with that picture? It’s that no Pittsburgh Penguins’ skaters are touching Wayne Simmonds as he puts a goal past Flower. If you want to tear Flower to shreds over the series, that’ fine, he can take it; but at least rationally acknowledge that he was given minimal defensive support.
China has outgrown the United States, when it comes to daily downloads of free applications. The country tallied more than 1.1 million daily downloads from within the top 300 most popular free apps. By comparison, the U.S. tallied “just below” 1 million daily downloads, Distimo said.
1: Nex-violent death, murder
In such a situation the worst thing that could happen which is death actually becomes the best thing that could happen. We remember the words of 1 Corinthians 15:54; “Death is swallowed up in victory.”
We are the parents of five lively children, and live in a rural suburb surrounded by eagles and coyotes. We spend our free time reading, writing, and playing make-believe with our children. In our not so free time, we teach.
From the book Soft Moon Shining:
“No one, sir,” she said.
Colossians 3:12 Therefore, as God’s chosen people, holy and dearly loved, clothe yourselves with compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness and patience.
She sighs with long suffering.
Doug, inspired by a slide show on Facebook recreated this amazing lantern. He is truly an artist. After the original tiny pumpkin fell to the floor (a la Humpty Dumpty) he replaced it with a spaghetti squash.
Poetry can be very exciting for young children. It is rhythmic and lyrical, with interesting word play; the words can be soothing, joyful, funny, silly, serious, sad.... Reading poetry to young children helps them to develop listening and auditory processing skills, as well as visualization skills.
Anyway, numbers are still a huge part of our little boy's life. If he gets excited about something, he will excitedly say, "One thousand dollars!"
(Can I just tell you what Charlie would do with those pretty books if I put them on my stairs? It would be anything but pretty)
the scientist prepares to
Young People (Japan…Shiro Toyoda)
Tomorrow…really. ;)
- Scrapbook 3 layouts.
Maddie was watching over us
This is a personal post designed for Write On Edge’s RememebeRED memoir:
*What does it all mean?
If you read and meditate on the whole chapter of Psalm 139, God will bless you and speak to you, tells you “who you really are” through His words.
some estranged traveler might
Maya did a beginner's hand-sewing class at Jo-Anne's fabric store today. They made monsters out of T-shirts. She (and I) learned about pinning & cutting from a pattern, how to do a running stitch, and how to backstitch.
Satin Safe, six minutes of noise that would be associated with Loop rather than Chapterhouse, saturated in feedback. Rain is a Beatles cover, if you think of the fab four on a delay and reverb overload, that is about the size of it. Feel the Same completes the EP and it brings the listener back to what are good at soft vocals and dynamic guitars. Towards the end of the track there is a bit too much of a wig out, the Marychain would of been proud of this one.
Getting my Magazines
3/19/12 – Atlanta, GA @ Mint Gallery
Morton Arboretum: Experience the lush wildflowers and foliage along the five and three mile network of paved roadways at the Morton Arboretum in Lisle. There are some rolling hills but this is truly an oasis in the western suburbs. You do have to pay to park and can only run on the paved roads–not the trails.
So many tears
However, as stated above the consequences so far described are only first round effects. Those other banks and financial institutions who lose out big time when the Bank goes bust, may find that for some of them this is the straw that broke the camel's back, which will expose what a sham the recent European Bank Stress Tests really were. Some of them may go bust too. But, in that case the very same argument, the very same response from workers should be made. The workers in those banks should occupy them too, and take them over as Co-ops. In fact, that would open the door to those banks combining with the AIB Co-op, and the Co-op Bank in Britain, and other Co-op organisations throughout Europe to form a very powerful financial Co-operative indeed. Some of the organisations that have invested in these banks may be large or medium sized enterprises who may also go bust, but again the answer is the same, the workers should occupy the only thing that has real value, the factories, shops and offices, and the equipment within them. They should continue to operate them under workers control, and demand the right to take them over and run them as Workers Co-operatives as the workers in Argentina have done over the last few years when their businesses went bust, and as the workers at UCS did in the 1970's.
“Us & Them” is dominated by the stately organ of Wright, but “Any Colour You Like” turns into a group jam. Waters dominates on the bass by the ending, producing a similar situation to the ending of “Shine On You Crazy Diamond Parts 6-9.”
Did you know that I even have the power to read ALL the books “HE” wants to read. Somehow I suppose, he is able to extract the knowledge from the books from me to him through osmosis. (Actually, that is one that I would LOVE to know how to do) Oh, the books I would read…
the best part: as soon as we got home - ryan shaved the stache. (no "mo-lingers" in this house). he had done his movember duty... goodbye jeff, hello doogie!
rewarded in so many ways for creating this space where children can gather to
In fact, if you were to go by SoE PR statistics, there’s no cocaine here, all the guns were confiscated, there are no gang members…..so technically Trinidad and Tobago is a crime-free state with ganja-addicted frozen chicken!
So far, the 'anti-cuts movement' - to the extent that such a movement can be said to exist - has indeed been largely restricted to workers in the state sector. But surely, if they were winning, there would be no cause for complaint! The real issue from a working class perspective is that they are losing, and losing badly! We have to ask ourselves why this is, rather than blaming or writing off the victims.
It covers good ground and gives you enough detail to start to get to grips with Oracle SOA Suite, JDeveloper and the Oracle Enterprise Manager. Some of the theories, practices and architectural choices are a little sub-optimal in my opinion, but as a ‘way in’ to understanding what Oracle SOA Suite can offer and how you could leverage value from it as a service developer, I would definitely recommend it over the default Oracle offerings.
Be careful who you choose to invite to the party. I highly recommend that your wedding guest list include the names on the engagmeent party list, especially if you're getting married in the same town or close by. You risk the chance of offending guests not invited to the wedding. They may think that they were only invited to the engagement party for their gifts.
Friday morning, I had to wake up early and take the El (Chicago’s above-ground public transportation) into the city for meeting at Medill’s newsroom. After a few speeches and lectures, Admit Days came to close, and I met up with one of my friends who lives in Chicago’s South Loop. She loves to eat almost as much as I do, so we always have food-related adventures whenever I’m in town visiting.
We had a peak view from the new Alexa camera by Arri:
Two fabulous fathers posing as baseball coaches saw me near the playground. I suppose the look of abject terror clued them in. “You lose somebody? We’re on it.” Cell phones clicked open and pickup trucks moved out to canvas the grounds. God love a small town where everyone knows everyone.
Fruits and berries offer tremendous health enhancing qualities and contain hundreds of naturally occurring vitamins, minerals, antioxidants, amino acids, enzymes, essential fatty acids, fiber & phytonutrients. The 4 “Super Fruits” contained in Chews-4-Health are considered by many experts to be the most nutrient rich fruits the world has to offer. Our carefully selected super-fruit complex gives you the power of all 4 in one supplement.
FL. Amelia LOVED the zoo! She went crazy!! And we couldn't have picked a better day to go! I was 83 out and just beautiful!!!
Will you please pray for a way for me to go?
I am the person who observes the world as it passes along, my passengers who passed their gems of knowledge to me I give thanks.
We still don't know why this happened, what caused my body to decide he was better off outside than inside. We don't know why we were fortunate enough to have him survive, when the odds were so against him and so many others weren't as lucky. We do realize everyday that we have a fighter, that we are blessed that he is with us, and that we are changed forever. We are now part of the 1 in 8.
And why would he? What groom would sit humiliated on the pew, the object of everyone’s curiosity, after his bride-to-be hadn’t shown up? He’s probably looking for Zanna, and dear Lord, please help him find her . . . help us all find answers to questions we never dreamed we’d be asking on their wedding day.
I’ll be less distracted and work on things for a sustained period of time, and yes…FINISH them.
“Al-Raas’ case is at a crucial stage and he is understandably very anxious and fearful,” said AIC Secretary General Alex Neve, who recently met with minister of state of foreign affairs Diane Ablonczy.
Among the Network’s returning reality series are THE AMAZING RACE, UNDERCOVER BOSS and the previously renewed SURVIVOR.
There are many directions in which I could take this concept, but the one in which I have the greatest interest is the slow erection of a habitat for socialist premises and Big Government in the United States.
City of Ruin by Mark Charan Newton
" Czechoslovakia ."
Being a writer is mostly about developing a habit. Talk to any writer and then another and you'll find those habits are all different. Some write in the morning. Others write through the night. Some write daily. Others take breaks. But all writers have habits.
Farmer Giles informed me that the cows were happy.
22. Wild strength (03:22)
"Prior to cooking, the development and implementation of financing path"
"Ahh!! Anneyong Candida! Here, odeng!"
I admit that I spent a great deal of time on Saturday wondering if I was really cut out for this life. Was I really prepared to parent this many children? Ok, I take that back. Was I really cut out to parent this many challenging children? Well, not really the little ones. Was I really cut out to parent this many teenagers? All at one time? Really God?
Massive muscular guy wants sensual bottom sissies for autumn
It is with sadness that we bid a final farewell to Ginny. We wish you the best of luck in your travels and hope that St Vitus will protect you and bring you joy in your life.
Last week, there is an announcement by our Government on the disbursement of RM500 to help reduce the financial burden. Those who eligible to receive the 'assistance' will need to complete and submit a form to the Income Tax Department for registration.
Here most of the scenarios have extensive force lists for easy checking, though the full pdf is referenced too. There are units for all of the six new factions, including some of those Creatures and Behemoths - tripods too - as well as Earth forces. It's hard to look through the names and equipment and not want to get straight to work modelling them. ArmChairGeneral has been heading off this need recently too, and if you follow his blog you'll have seen and heard about various options, including original WtNW miniatures.
i was at school doing my english project so i BRBed for an hour to hang with my fellow key clubbers. when i went back, my group had decided it was too cold and windy to work so… i spent the rest of the hour at the booth!
Recommended wine varieties for comparisons with Torrontés are:
And the kings sleep in the ground.
Bruno Tonioli declared that Driver had pizazz, confidence and a powerful stage presence. “You should be in the theater,” he advised. I agree. Imagine Driver as a musical headliner? I’d go to see him.
As we near the end of this week, both kids and mom are sick with fevers, sore throats, cough and just all around feeling yucky. Hoping next week is a little smoother.
If you click on the picture, it'll take you to my Flickr page where I listed the link to the pattern. He was made as a bean bag by the original designer, if you can believe? Too cute to throw around, I think!!! I stuffed him with crushed walnut shells that I got at Petco in their bird department. It gives it nice weight while still being somewhat floppy. (Not only that, but it's good for your needles!)
Like someone’s first car, this blog has served us well, and is comfy – if a bit shabby nowadays. So we’ve spent ages poring over copies of Exchange and Mart, and chosen ourselves a new set of wheels. We’ve even got one with a radio. And cup holders.
eating, and most of all, your encouragement.
It's been an exciting month as I have completed two and a half goals!!!
As far as one can tell, there is no breakdown of crime rates or convictions by religion. This is the first hurdle we face in trying to gain an overview of Muslim crime in a broad, statistical sense. A breakdown for crimes such as terrorism-related offenses could undoubtedly be put together relatively easily, but it would fail to give us any insight into any other type of crime.
May our Father YHWH ha Elohiym judge every bitch and bastard in the government of the United States who has participated in this treason.
but it is not technically winter yet.” Holy fuck. You think I give a shit? Well guess what? It is goddamned winter now you prescriptivist prick. “Why?” Because I fucking said so, bitch. As I was saying before I was rudely interrupted, these weirdo roots were pretty darn good with the exception of the rutabaga. That
Inevitably it pauses briefly only to strike out like an angry frog in a sock, mutating rapidly into all-out spazzcore punk. And by then, the kids are coiled like springs waiting for any excuse to start bouncing off each other. Low Fat’s sound was clear as a bell and the aggression they generate filed the place to the rafters. They get a well deserved 5 FISTS.
1. I like even numbers. The radio volume has to be on an even number, always.
This, in my opinion, outlines why it's great to have fans but better to convert those same fans into brand stewards.
On Thursday, I had the pleasure of meeting a dear friend, her fiance and his family in Miami for the finale of Bal Harbour Art Nights 2012. It was my first time at Bal Harbour Shops, and although I knew it be exclusive – it truly defines luxury shopping. I found myself viewing the shops and its fashion as works of art. Hosted by Bal Harbour Shops, Art Nexus and the St. Regis, art from local South Florida artists, museums and galleries were on display combining two art forms (Fashion & Art) harmoniously.
Lesli: 0 lbs
Our eldest granddaughter, Emmeline, depends on a daily injection of growth hormone to help her grow. With the family’s genes, she probably will never be very tall, but we all want her to reach her full potential. And she is getting there! A lovely girl whose very life is a miracle. This photo was taken several years ago as she was just beginning hormone therapy—Daddy marking the growth chart.
Once, when I was watching Elizabeth, my stepdaughter, earn her yellow belt in Taekwondo, I found myself crying while watching other kids compete. The children grinned contagiously, pulling the joy out of every parent in the room. Mind you, I wasn’t watching Elizabeth compete yet; I was watching children I didn’t even know.
Despite his efforts, Connor's eyes filled up; a few droplets soaked into his jeans. “Do you think she’s right? Do you think my dad would be disappointed in me?”
one bag of chocolate chips
At the time I was listening to a Frank Turner song and the lyric, You dance as if you’re hours away from death, jumped out at me. Bouncing ideas off my mum, she suggested I link it to the Rite of Spring, as dancing to death and Stravinsky go hand in hand.
Every once in a while it helps to gain a little perspective on where we truly stand, to snatch a glimpse of our true place among the stars.
Ok, you've got a missed connection between the last sentence of the first paragraph and the first sentence of the second paragraph. Consider this: But the Tourist Boards' Ernie Shodabruski has a plan: award an all-expense paid tour of Entropia on a game show.
Indiana obstetricians fear, oppose midwifery because it cuts into their business
In other words, Wildrose has ideological fault lines a mile wide. The PCs could and should have exploited this weakness. Simply put, they could have split apart Wildrose by appealing to different parts of its base. Surely, there must still exist in the hearts of one-time PC supporters some residual loyalty for the old Tory brand name.
Canned: Maui Big Swell IPA
If you have questions about our services or suspect someone has an eating disorder, please call 414-454-6694 or visit our website. If you would like to schedule an appointment for an assessment, please call 414-773-4312.
Welp....I guess I missed my sweet Beck's two months, so here we are, finally putting some pictures up:) We are still here, I promise...just a little preoccupied with these precious boys we have!
We have a length of sidewalk running down the back yard hill that has many annuals planted along it; hostas, ferns, morning glories, sweet peas and the like. Towards late summer early fall the intruding vines that look like the leaves of a morning glory over take this area strangling the other plants unless you are diligent about weeding....we'll we all know my joy of gardening so yeah I'm not really dilligent, but, I find it just as beautiful to see these leafy vines over take the back yard before winter hits. the leaves go everywhere, up lilac trees, over the fencing and cover the pathway. our club was for socks one could create knitting top down or bottom up and i did manage to create a pattern that would look the same in Controlled burn no matter which direction you started in, but, for this sock I wanted there to be a marked difference because the wines in my back yard don't grow in one direction so when you knit one top down and then one toe up your vines look like what i see every fall. Theres a faux cable running up each side with some stitching done to mimic a rocky pathway between the fron and back of the leg. And, the leaves run back onto the heel instead of having a traditional patterned heel.
Me: “That’s horrible.”
"I think it's you." she says turning up her nose.
Start by selecting what you would like to cut out. I wanted to cut out the children's names... so I did a J&E. I used my Cricut. You can pretty much put anything. I cut it out twice, because I didn't know which direction it would need to be on the ornaments. You can know that it is the correct way, not the backwards way. Then you put that on the ornament... being that ornaments are round and the letters were made on a flat piece of paper... you need to make small cuts in it to be able to get it to go around the ornament in a way in which all the little pieces go down... take your time...
I have been "working" on being present w/ Kathrynn in each moment.
Chop Bar because I had a massive wipeout on a concrete slab on my way to a chop bar on Wednesday.
That a habitable place
"For not upon these hills alone
I cut an oval in the card using a large oval Nestie. Then I cut 2 Nestability labels 5. One was stamped with the sentiment from Clarity stamps with Forest Moss Distress Ink, and then lightly sponged with Bundled Sage. The other was cut diagonally in half and layered under opposite corners of the journalling card to add a little extra interest.
Oh, and I'm 30 pages into Embassytown so far and can say it is utterly unique and breathtaking with the craftsmanship of the writing up to this point. I reckon you'll be wanting to read this book!
Marx starts working for a triangle choke, but Scott moves into side conrol. Now Marx gets him back into half guard, and then Marx reverses and gets on top.
Kyoto Animation’s second entry and the more controversy of the two since so many people after watching AIR, Haruhi, and Kanon where expecting something as instantly awesome as the first episode of Haruhi and something as pretty as AIR and Kanon or something that was like Azumanga Daioh. I hadn’t seen Azumanga Daioh yet and after reading the first couple of pages of the source material – and not finding it very funny – I lowered my expectations a lot and just tried to watch the first episode with a neutral frame of mind. I was still underwhelmed by this series, I’d probably have rated it a 6/12 or B- with the opening song and Lucky Channel carrying most of the weight. As the first few episodes dragged by it got a little better but I couldn’t help but feel disappointment starting to eat away at my bones. This changed though with the announcement of a director change after episode 4. Episode 5 was better than 4, 6 was better yet, 7 even better, and so it went. I found myself liking the show more and more – maybe it was the change in director or because I came to enjoy the characters – laughing at skits like Tsukasa and her cellphone or when Miyuki wins the race using her physical assets. Once I understood the show, it clicked. The show was not meant to be a comedy, at it’s core it a slice-of-life show – the normal everyday life of real people do not make good fodder for a comedy and that’s okay.
- Updating every small and big event across these forums, Status messages like “Time for Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner, dating, outing and at times even crib about bad day!” is a must mention.
7) Apple iTunes
So I'm dropping out of the mompetition. Don't try to drag me back in, either. I'm going to make the best decisions I can for my child, and I'll expect you to do the same, and we can send each other nothing but the best wishes. Okay?
5) Massive Riots
I also want to share about Autumn's progress. I'm actually nervous to type this out because everytime I comment on how well Autumn is doing something goes wrong and we take 2 steps back. ;) BUT I believe God is answering our prayers on healing & maturing Autumn's brainstem. This week I keep wanting to pinch myself because I honestly could never imagine this time would come. I know God's powerful enough but never was sure if it would be in His will to give us that miracle we've hoped for. Autumn's oxygen saturations have stayed between 97-100 ALL day. This is NOT normal for Autumn...she goes into the 70's & 80's about 10 times daily (sometimes turning dusky). She also has gagging episodes which makes her desat as well. WELL, this week we have only a couple of gagging episodes and within 5 days she's desatted into the 80's only 2 times!!! We have rarely had to suction her and she's been more alert and cooperating with her therapists and ALL over the house exploring. I even took her out yesterday by myself and never had to pull over to suction her (even when she coughed). Coughs usually turn into gagging fits and then turning dusky. I don't want to get my hopes up that this is actually the miracle we've been praying for and then we step back again but I know this too is also in God's perfect timing. So, I ask you keep on praying along with me that God's Will be done in Autumn's life as well and that this is the miracle we've been praying for.
Cases. A cellist’s case is always in the way. You leave the room for a short time and when you come back, the path to your seat is littered with cello cases of all colors, sizes and varieties. If the cellist in question has a hard case, the solution is easy: give it to someone to use as a wheelbarrow, or better yet, a doorstop. Even as a hiding place for bored younger siblings. If the offending case is soft and floppy, an even better solution is available: umbrella. If it’s raining, hold the case above your head, keeping yourself dry and giving the case back sopping wet. If no inclement weather is scheduled for rehearsal day, no fear! Doormats are always welcome. Perhaps you need a stretcher because a violinist got a hangnail. The possibilities are endless.
"In this case the unarmed farmer was first murdered while he was milking in the shed, and thereafter his unarmed wife was murdered in the house. This is the pattern of ethnic cleansing," president Ben Marais said.
The Times reports: “THE Prince of Wales has been found wanting in his efforts to save the world from global warming. Charles and his royal household have generated more than 1,500 tons of carbon dioxide in the past year, according to an independent audit.”
So that's it. Tomorrow I call up IIN and enroll. Batter up!
So now I'm pissed. Because my sister or not, the bank let her transfer money out of my bank account without my account number, or permission, or even being at the bank!! Now stupid me, but I think this is a problem. The bank shouldn't let anyone take money out of my account. Family or not.
It is BTC who start the brighter. Buoyed on by several men gruff men, all following the Barry Fry method of encouragement, they take the lead from a goal I can claim partial assistance to. It seemed reasonable to play the way I was facing and lay back to Marc Judd, but my pass lacked pace and accuracy. Although the danger was momentarily cleared, BTC scored from a volley from the resulting cross. With neither of us wanting to be held accountable for the goal, Judd and I exchanged insults for a moment or two.
Right after a big storm.
I am honored to have the endorsement of The News Virginian and of Jim Bailey, Republican Supervisor of the Beverley Manor District from 2001-2007. I have also had the privilege of multiple Volunteer Fire Fighters on my campaign along with Letters to The Editor in both newspapers supporting my bid for supervisor.
The rest of the story after this important message:
Enclosure 1 to War Diary No. 3
help us build
Mr Breitbart died suddenly on March 2, just before he was slated to release ‘damning’ footage of President Obama.
must be experienced as adapted, as "recognizable." The material of the senses adapted by the understanding, reduced to rough outlines, made similar, subsumed under related matters. Thus the fuzziness and chaos of sense impressions are, as it were, logicized;
Nothing. That's what.
On the other end of the rankings, UAB has taken a commanding lead for last place. The Blazers are 23 points on the wrong side of zero, with Memphis and Idaho giving chase four points back.
Beat egg whites on medium speed until frothy, then add cream of tartar, increase speed to medium-high and beat until soft peaks form. Increase speed to high and gradually add sugar a tablespoon at a time until the mixture is stiff and glossy. Rub a small bit between your fingers - all the sugar should have dissolved.
The LP is in good condition. It is not on CD.
Thank you for doing this interview and as always…any final comments?
An apologist of the translation reminds us that "the guiding principle of the new translation is a closer adherence to the Latin--not a sharper critique of our virtue." But this makes absolutely no sense. Who cares what the "guiding principle" was? The end result is that the Latin is more condemnatory for no discernible reason. And there is no scriptural grounding for this “sharper critique” either-- the first appearance of the prayer is in 1100 AD, over a millennium after Christ.
I have this uncomfortable feeling that he had some knowledge of our location before his arrival. We’re pretty far off the beaten path. A local wanderer might stumble across us, but there are several other places between us and any of the main roads. None of them reported any contact – actual or apparent – with this guy during our radio check. Anyone wandering in from one of the highways would almost assuredly have bumped into one of our neighbors before they arrived at our location.
19. A Message To You
-buttercream swirls
I don’t have anything else to say about this movie, other than I hated the child actor Thomas Horn so much by the end of the movie that I wish something terrible would happen to him by the end. His performance was remarkably grating and terrifically annoying, which is odd because director Stephen Daldry got such an amazing performance out of Jamie Bell at a young age in Billy Elliot. Massive dislike for this movie.
(for some reason, he found it funny.)
Townes Van Zandt - High, Low, and In Between/The Late Great Townes Van Zandt - 1972
What a terrific year it has been! Over the past 12 months you've made great strides: You're holding steady at (or nearing) your weight goal, exercising regularly, feeling healthier than ever and actually looking forward to the 2011 holidays--because now you know you'll be able to enjoy them without losing ground. And you reached this point because you were able to adopt positive habits and behaviors.
So this was a situation that had all the makings of a complete disaster. There was no way the Original Star Trek could escape some kind of technical tinkering and based on previous attempts there was every reason to fear the worst. Fortunately the man who was put in charge of the ‘remastering’ project right from the start was the very excellent Mike Okuda, and he asked a very important question, not of “what should we do?”, but “how much should we do?”
- snippets of card and paper
Highlights for me this year? There are always unknown, unexpected highlights, (last year including the movie premier of the amazing youtube clip compilation ‘Life in a Day,’ the appearances of Her Maj Camille Barker-Powles, and the less-than royal mastermind of wikileaks Julian Assange), but there are several appearances already circled in my Hay 2012 program vigorously enough to almost go through the paper:
How could they know except to see the glow on the face of Moses when he came down from meeting with God?
Let’s see how tomorrow’s GDP report turns out.
Matoti said the 11 would appear in the Rouxville Magistrate's Court on Thursday.
He wasn't elected. He doesn't represent the Greek people in a fashion that we are used to – running for election and winning the election. He was foisted on the Greek people by the EU – the very people he is going through the motions of negotiating with. His JOB was to get the Greeks to accept what the EU wants. If he isn't the most conflicted politician of all time, he is right up there.
"How is your heart?" Yuji Ono asked by way of greeting.
Favorites at Trader Joe’s:
I guess part of me always felt like he was a cop out on my part. Like, I was taking the easy way out by letting him take care of me. I don't deny that it's preferable to being single and alone, but then I still can't help but feel I pussied out. Then when it seemed as if we were done for good, I started to think about it all, and how, even if I'd met him in Sing, I'd probably still feel the same about him anyway.
Last night, I had a throbbing headache. (Thanks for passing those on, Mom!) I went to bed early and took one Benadryl. (I still have it this morning. *sigh*) So, I slept pretty hard for about 7 hours or so, before waking up from a really bizarre dream.
And the World Heavyweight Champion, the new look Bobby Roode, who cut his hair comes out to the ring.
“Sorry…the correct answer was MOOPS”
This takes place during ‘The Bonnie Situation’ part of the movie. This is where Jules and Vincent come to Jimmy’s (Tarantino) house to clear up the mess in their car after Vincent accidentally shoots Marvin in it. Needless to say, Jimmy is visibly upset with the situation he finds himself in and does not appreciate Jules much for putting him in it. This is the part where Tarantino utters one of the most memorable dialogues ever:
In England, my appreciation for the sun is a world away from my sunny expectations when living in California. Hence, if it’s sunny in England, I go outside and enjoy it. Today was a beautiful day, so I grabbed my camera and went into my back yard/garden to see if I could find anything interesting to take photos of. I believe I did.
I also planted pumkins yesterday. I had saved some seeds from last year's pumpkin so hopefully they sprout up in a few weeks. I am really hoping we get some pumpkins and we can decorate our house with them for Fall.
“Coffee-ground” or BRB (bright red blood) - bleeding
Every year, newspapers scramble to get the cost of the different Ministerial junkets but this year, young Leo decided to save us all the hassle and published the exact costs on his website - within days of returning.
papier mache pieces, collage papers, ink, gloss, acrylics.
It started out good — Kesler was feisty right off the first face-off, and I was all pumped for a spectacular win.
When Dudley Connell and Lou Reid trade off vocal duties on the slow and fast parts, they play up nicely how two traditions come together in this song. Connell’s delivery is relaxed and bluesy, whereas Reid’s is hard-driving and full of southern twang.
Colton is still taking all of his feedings by mouth and last night before I left they took his feeding tube out of his nose!!!
Hence we have the first of two themes running through the film--aging. The characters’ aging is not swept under the rug as it will be in several other sequels. In fact, it is embraced theatergoing old and facing the infirmities that come along with it. It is Kirk’s fiftieth birthday and he is feeling it. McCoy brings up the one continued theme from TMP--that Kirk has a need to captain the Enterprise to keep himself from fading away. In TMP, he forced his way in. here, he denies himself because he is just to freaking old to go gallivanting around the galaxy anymore.
You take the lid off the tin to collect the post so it can be used again and again. The set comes with a red and white pencil, which I'm sure every good fairy needs, and sheets of adhesive fairy stamps! She is going to have such fun with this, and it was only £15.50 so we'll have to think of something else to give her too... what a chore ;)
Presented by Carolina Performing Arts
Reference: L1S51
Another not so lucky consequence of working so early is that I can’t sleep in! My schedule is screwed up. Last night at 8pm I couldn’t keep my eyes open. This morning I woke up at 6:45 am and that’s my “sleeping in.” This should be a fun adventure… :)
Thank you to all Veterans and the sacrifices you make.
What I find so interesting about Die Hard—in addition to unironically enjoying the film—is that it cinematically depicts what it means to bend space to your own particular navigational needs. This mutational exploration of architecture even supplies the building's narrative premise: the terrorists are there for no other reason than to drill through and rob the Nakatomi Corporation's electromagnetically sealed vault.
I’m thrilled to be gaining access into this fascinating and mystical community even if it’s for such a short time. I do think that someone needs to warn the people of Cachtice that I’m on the way. Tell them Catherine Warren, a ‘drabarni of Jesus’ is coming and she is about to love on them big time.
Finally, I begged for the assistance of my neighbor and partner in dinner-party crime, G. She spent one week trying to get through to the OFII office. They never answered the phone. She called nine other government agencies and they all told her to call OFII. Then, in my documents, she saw a filled-out form and asked me if I had sent it in. I said, well, no. She looked on OFII's website and found out that I was supposed to have sent this form in order to get that freaking "automatic" letter sent.
There’s also something else you should know. Like many other Americans and people around the world, I have a mental illness: I’m Bipolar II, which in laymen’s terms means that I get severe depressive episodes (literally don’t want to, and can’t get out of bed, let alone do anything else) and have hypo-manic episodes (I get extra giddy, talk too much, spend too much money, and have bouts of insomnia). Due to some severe past relationship issues I also have anxiety. This blog is NOT about how I kicked medication using exercise. For myself, I have to be on medication, and will be on medication for the rest of my life. It’s ok, I’m over it.
Everyone can wear navy, powder blue, and charcoal. Fun colors include silver.
This is the old left brain/ right brain struggle and you can feel it as you take the test. Whew! From Humorshere.com
“Dad-deeee!!”
Old-fashioned writing is not going away. Being able to recognize that I began this sentence with a gerund and that it's not the most effective sentence construction because it leads to run-on sentences is also an effective skill set, perhaps more important than knowing how to get a million followers on twitter. As much as I dreaded the 5-page writing assignment, I cannot WAIT to assign them to my students so that they too will learn how to write. And write in the old-school MLA versus Chicago style of writing.
I distracted myself from the potential of my being late to work for the first time in…well..ever, by looking at her attire. She had on a purple, black, white and pink blouse which looked like something Peter Max had vomited after too many boxes of Good n Plenties. Her pants were a shiny black and the wrong size for one of her sizeable legs, let alone both of them. Her shoes were equally garish. Her hair, in curlers, was covered by a scarf which looked to have been purchased several decades ago with Green Stamps.
As many readers will be aware, Tulisa Contostavlos is a judge on the UK talent show X-Factor and was a singer with the group N-Dubz. It is widely reported that, in August 2011, Tulisa was apparently approached by an unidentified man who wanted to sell a supposed sex tape for £500,000. At that time, a spokesperson for Tulisa stated:
I'm not sure how I'll manage that, considering my coworker, and one of 4 of us who do the specific tasks we do, is in the ICU after developing pneumonia and respiratory failure. She drives 1.5 hours each way, and the telecommuting thing is being a slow process, so we are all working overtime and very worried she will decide to retire instead of coming back. It took 10 months to fill my position with me. We really can't function with another person gone. And David is going to a week-long hockey tournament in a few weeks. And I have only 24 hours of PTO accrued.
4 carrots cut into chunks
Boris Vallejo
slanting, across the plains,
“Keep an eye open for an increase in house fires during cold weather and petit theft; it is a sign of hard times. People in real trouble hunker down…. the basics are what matters.”
Maybe the reason I am so not looking forward to school this week is because A, it’s Midterms week and B, for once I had a fun weekend.
In Tunisia, a law concerning Judaism (11 July 1958) put an end to Jewish communities, replaced them with temporary "Israelite worship commissions," and suppressed the personal status of the Jews (inherited from the dhimmi status, which obliged the Jews to depend on their religious tribunals for all matters related to their personal status). In Tunisia too, independence (1956) led to the Tunisification of public services.
Just one more day to get through, and we'll be on our way!
But an IAAF source was today quoted as saying: "There certainly is evidence now that Semenya is a hermaphrodite.
So how does it fit with the Worthington brand, also given a reboot by Molson Coors with the building of the new William Worthington Brewery (which I wrote about in this week's Publican magazine)? Doom Bar is at the moment stronger in the south, while Worthington's is bigger in the Midlands. Mark Hunter told me that draught White Shield and the long-awaited Red Shield will be focusing on a radius around Burton. My prediction is that MC will aggressively build Doom Bar as a national cask ale brand. My hope is that they'll then nurture White Shield/Red Shield as something a bit more special. If that's what happens to Doom Bar it'll be good for cask ale overall, making the gateway to the category that bit bigger for the kind of drinker who doesn't have the confidence to seek out flavourful beers without the reassurance of big brands. (Yes, I know I just described Doom Bar as a flavourful beer, spare me the wisecracks - I'm talking relatively).
You want that goddamned silver ball out of the goddamned plastic firetruck NOW.
Other than that I’m still adjusting. I’m completely unpacked. I wanna reorganize some things n gotta hang up pictures but I’ve done a hell of a job getting everything together. Now to just relax I guess? I’m just feeling really lonely at the moment. I know what triggered it is the fact John came over. And no nothing happened between us… (long story there but nothing happened!). I wonder if I miss him or do I just really want the companionship? I want cuddling that’s what I want!! I know I’d rather it be with him but oh well. It’s really hard for me feeling as shitty as I do after seeing that # at the drs and everything else to think I’m ever gonna find someone. I know I’m so new to this and I don’t even really wanna get close to someone but yet at the same time I just miss some of the aspects of a relationship. Better yet I just wish I had my kids here with me…
Live music wasn’t the only major thing you missed. You also missed three of the absolute best voice actors compete in a humorous battle of the raspy voice. It was so hilarious and one of the highlights of the show.
I now knew what a muffin was in castellano. I was prepared for future ordering.
There will be three evening readings by poets published by Roncadora.
3. Dried red chilies, 1-2.
And during the Panic of 1893, there was an idea for Congress to issue $500 million in new paper currency to spend on the construction of public roads, a precursor to the New Deal. At the time, the entire federal budget was less than $400 million. With Cleveland at the helm, the idea went nowhere.
BYOD software solutions and corporate policies must address the following issues:
But to the book then. Anya can see ghosts and eats them. Well the bad ones as she does not always feel good afterwards. She is a Lantern. She was not kick-ass but at the same time she was. She was more protective kick-ass. A former firefighter turned fire investigator. To serve and protect. That is who she is. She loves this city.
Sunday, November 12, 2006 3:00 PM
On one level, these latter points are obvious: small infrastructural gestures, like public lighting, can transform alleyways from zones of impending crime to walkways safe for pedestrian use—and, in the process, expand political control and urban police presence into that terrain. But, as someone who does not want to be attacked in an alleyway any time soon, I find it very positive indeed when the cityscape around me becomes both safer by design and better policed. Equally obvious, though, when these sorts of interventions are scaled-up—from public lighting, say, to armed checkpoints in a militarized reorganization of the urban fabric—then something very drastic, and very wrong, is occurring in the city. Instead of a city simply with more cops (or fire departments), you begin a dark transition toward a "city under siege."
They have two locations. The first is in LaGrange, IL. That location is the only one I've been to so far as I have not had enough time to visit their newest, second location in St.Charles, IL.
Just as Sophie Mercer has come to accept her extraordinary magical powers as a demon, the Prodigium Council strips them away. Now Sophie is defenseless, alone, and at the mercy of her sworn enemies—the Brannicks, a family of warrior women who hunt down the Prodigium. Or at least that’s what Sophie thinks, until she makes a surprising discovery. The Brannicks know an epic war is coming, and they believe Sophie is the only one powerful enough to stop the world from ending. But without her magic, Sophie isn’t as confident.
Third email listed all his personal stuff that I know was his before and that he will get all that back.
Disclaimer: I love me a good tale involving the supernatural. Keyword here is good. Yes, there are many novels out there with witches, vampires, ghosts, and the like, but finding one that has a solid plot? Not so common. And one that makes you able to believe that these non-human entities could feasibly be walking amongst us? Even harder to find. Enter the first novel by Deborah Harkness: A Discovery of Witches. AND, it's the first in a trilogy! I am anticipating the second instalment (due out this summer) with bated breath.
I write what I see
Meow Cosmetics Nessie – inner ¾ of lid, inner lower lashline
Moved away from home
His prison sentence was suspended for 12 months, meaning no action will be taken if he commits no further crimes in the next year. He must also pay £85 costs.
Ok, I did this study with my Babes, but this book still changed my life. I had to look at myself deeply and realize what I was truly worshiping and it wasn't always God. It wasn't even TV as many struggle with. I was worshiping my little "g" gods, my friends. I placed those relationships first. This book enabled me to acknowledge my idolotry, but also reminded me and guided me to the one I should always have been worshiping.
We now know, beyond the shadow of a doubt,
The party has no recognizable names apart from its leader Mihaloliakos, who served in the Greek special forces and was elected to the Athens city council in 2010 – giving the Nazi salute on his first appearance there last year.
One Hot Pleasure (DJ Lynnwood Banger Instrumental) Electronica 126 bpm 6:39
The campaign says the video will be played for supporters attending the president’s first re-election rallies Saturday in Ohio and Virginia.
stay where I am and be your little bunny.”
Elizabeth Margaret—better known as Em—has always known what life would contain: an internship at her father’s firm, a degree from Harvard and a career as a lawyer. The only problem is that it’s not what she wants. When she gets the opportunity to get away from it all and spend a month with the aunt she never knew, she jumps at the chance. While there, Em pursues her secret dream of being a chef, and she also learns that her family has kept some significant secrets from her, too. And then there’s Cade, the laid-back local surfer boy who seems to be everything Em isn't. Naturally, she can’t resist him, and as their romance blossoms, Em feels
Alesmith Speedway Barrel Aged
I'm pleased to announce that this blog will be my only stampin' blog. I'm letting my SU! website go. I rarely get orders through it, most people contact me directly so please make sure to do that if you want to order. I just can't afford to keep the site going if I'm not making any money off it. This blog, however, is a labor of my love of crafting and will remain.
You'll find some random shit if you cruise youtube. It's become a democratic way of getting videos out there which is pretty fuckin cool.
Wrap myself up in the night sky
With Wednesdays and Fridays at Mountain Goat, $5 Pint Night at Biero and any number of venues from The Local Taphouse south of the city to The Terminus in the north, Y & J’s in between, a dozen open-to-the-public breweries heading south, north, west and into the Yarra Valley in the east and so much more besides it’s a pretty lame bloke who can’t find a good night out with good beer.
Executive summary: You Belong to Me
A tricky problem with no immediately clear ethical answer.
Afterward, there was silence for a long time. And the meditation group left the balcony, one by one, thanking us in hushed voices, with dreamy-looking eyes.
Putting on flats instead of my ever-present black Birkenstocks felt like I'd wrenched my wagon wheel out of a big trail-worn rut. Note to self: just because you can wear sandals every day doesn't mean you have to.
The AU's decision to postpone a pledging conference from Monday to August 25 was made while children were dying daily, he told parliament's committee on international relations.
A Gristedes grocery store that has been on the island for more than 20 years is also being remodeled. The grocery will be the guinea pig for a new concept for Gristedes, in which the store will also include boutiques, such as an organic market and a sugar-free market.
Flying saucers and blackjacks, drumstick lolly's and fried eggs,
For one thing if you are so worried what people will think why the hell are you trying to have such a different style that makes people think things of you?
investments are needed in
My understanding of the world and myself in it is more a visual place. It probably is because I am nearsighted and I've always worn glasses. Jay and I were sent home by our first grade teacher because we couldn't read the blackboard. I remember walking home from the ophthalmologist at six and really seeing my mother for the first time. She had a red coat with a black beaver collar.
For now The Rake is closed on Mondays, but this is said to change. Rumours also say that there may be new Rake's opening around town in the near future, specifically near The Tower of London and later on near Covent Garden. With The Rake Londoners have got a highway, not only to Helles, but to most of the world's major beer styles.
1 can condensed milk
bugs
So if you're still participating in the Generosity Challenge, here's today's challenge item:
Sophie and Emma ( not their real names), are petsitters who don't have the Budda Belly of one who's inexplicably stopped petsitting to write a book. They're coming for coffee this afternoon, 2pm.
“I cloned the sheriff, yes,” said the presidential clone, “but I did it or national defence.”
and how the something
"did Ignoramus really cite G.W. as a man who inspired others...?"
Walking on the sand,
I'm currently reading the Brian Lumley book The Clock of Dreams, one of the Titus Crow stories set in the Mythos.
I decided to try a new method of dealing with the spitting, since nothing seems to faze this kid. So once I got my high-pitched giggle under control, I said, “Oh dear! Is there something yucky in your mouth? I guess we need to clean it.”
3 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed
When I ran a Google and Bing search of Mr. Brenden Hartranft, there was a lot of love for our friend, but there was also a lot of real haters, going all the way back to his Khyber Pass days. Could it be the same people? Why was I searching his name to begin with? I swore with all my heart that he wrote an opinion piece for either the City Paper or Philly Weekly a couple years back where he ripped the PLCB a new one. Either I am dead wrong or it is hidden deep in the confines at one of those papers.
Aside from the growing feeling of being watched, the random snap of a twig and her own mounting feeling of unease that she ignored, Alice found her earliest hours walking through the forest to be thankfully uneventful.
In a sense, ulema militants had the perfect measure of the Saudi state. It was an arbitrary regime which only used Islam when it needed to.
Hello, my friends! I have used random number generator to select a winner of the "London Treasures" giveaway, and I'm excited to announce that the winner is the amazing prairiegirl! I was stunned when her number came up on the generator. It just seemed so perfect. Pg was one of the people I met during my first year of blogging, and we have been friends ever since. In addition to being one of the most gifted photographers I know, she is also one of the kindest, funniest, and most supportive people I have ever met. I use the term "met" in a bloggy way, since we have yet to meet face-to-face, but I feel like I have always known her. I know that any of you who blog understand just what I am talking about. It will be a joy to think of Miss prairiegirl while I am making my rounds at the London markets (although I may have to let you down a wee bit, pg, since I'm going to have to eat all the fish and chips myself)!
What? Don't glare.
1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
Hope you all had a merry ol' Solstice..the days are stretching out again now although it doesn't really feel like winter has arrived here yet...I've no doubt its on its way though.
Finally, in a tornado of limbs, sweat and fury, I yanked the curtain back and emerged: hair soaked with sweat, pride laying somewhere on the floor. Expecting to look like a product of Oktoberfest, I braced myself for the onslaught of my own reflection.
I found nothing more
Fire is life? Light is life? Darkness is death? She thinks, she wonders, she philosophises…what else to do within the darkness…
Hi Readers! So many folks sent in this story today, I present it to you in all its insanity, even though it struck me as a little too bizarre and garbled to be 100% accurate. For instance, the crazy accusations were reported to the press only by one of the accused. Ho ho hmm.
John EM, Savitz DA, Shy CM. Spontaneous abortions among cosmetologists. Epidemiology 1994; 5: 147-155.
And hopefully it means we won’t need to put our names forward for clinical testing any more.
The lone wolf moves silently
Frassati's sleeping a bit more.
“People have just had enough of all this criticism,” Mr Kroger, a past state Liberal president, told ABC radio.
After Ryan was tired out and I was exhausted from terror, John wanted to give it a try; he was braver than me, though, and started out on the handles while Ryan rode the platform. I think they give a better sense of how it’s actually supposed to work.
A lot of things about ESL intrigue me. This may sound strange, but I love the way the city looks. It's not a beautiful city, instead it's surreal, it has this crazy post-apocalyptic appearance. I've heard that there is not another city like it in the US. The city looks just like it did when my mom was growing up there, 60 years ago. Little has changed or been repaired in many cases. When I go there I get this odd feeling that the people and the cars and anything modern have been super-imposed on the city, that we are somehow the ghosts. I get that feeling every time I go there and I can't really explain it any better than that. I'll write about this.
Happy crafting!!
Their bleats infused the moor as we eyed with ears the surrounds.
This morning, the buses stopped running. I have heard tales that, of the 28 buses that were scheduled to be on routes this morning, 12 of them were stuck in snow drifts by the time service was canceled mid-morning. When Saskatoon buses stop running, you know it was some serious weather!
"And Starfleet Captains are not?" I reply.
I had only a little bit of my ice cream left so I started up the car and headed home. There were roadworks on the road out of town so were were going pretty slow, about 30 miles an hour and we'd the windows down and Derek was chatting away. We'd only been on the road about 5 mins when this wasp flew in my window and started to buzz about my face. Frozen with terror, I whacked it with my hand and it fell to the floor between my legs!
She’s a little homesick from time to time too. Yesterday she talked about how she missed biting into the apple. They have apple juice and apple treats here but it’s not the same. Fresh fruit has a different smell or texture. I’m sure they have some around here somewhere, how else do they make stuff taste like apples?
I was visiting with a friend last night and sharing stories of adventures in India. It was an adventurous time for me when I was there. I had no real plan and I had bought a one way ticket with no itinerary, no time constraints, no schedule, and was traveling alone. I remember when I was getting ready to leave several people asked me, “aren’t you scared?” Some people thought I was crazy to travel across the world to a place I’ve never been, alone. I though, was excited. The closer the date came the more I felt alive. As I flew across the ocean and the hours and miles began separating me from home I felt the excitement grow exponentially. I also felt fear of the unknown. I had no idea what to expect. I had no idea what life would bring to my feet when I landed. As I felt the fear of the unknown I also felt that the more we jump into the unknown the more alive we become. I was alert, present, conscious, on my toes, so that I didn’t miss a beat. I felt like my full being was completely immersed in the experience and my mind was silent because it had no comparison to relate the experience too, so all analyzing, criticising, and judgement stopped.
Sam: I'm peeing on your foot
Accessories: Card from stash
When I reached the hall, I was expecting a sort of a romantic film like Adam Sandler’s 50 First dates; a little serious though. I had thought that it would have a warm romance that would melt my heart as I had learnt that the movie was a huge hit in North America and it was really doing well during Valentine’s Day week. So, I was expecting a very touching, romantic film.
We climb the stairs and watch the stage-crowd for a while. We are freezing. As part of two (soon to be three) shivering rows of people, we are surrounded by a unified chanting. Midnight is drawing near. For maybe five to ten minutes, the chanting continues and then the countdown begins. Stage lights flash a new color every second as we count down from "SHIP" to "GONG!!!"
Zucchini Stuffed with Corn with Roasted Tomato-Ancho Sauce
Crumbles as we speak
Street lights, big dreams all looking pretty
1) I read your post on Poxitas tape and would like to get some to try out but I can not find a supplier. Do you have any ideas on how to get this?
I was actually pretty shocked by how good this was, and it totally overshadowed all the other dishes, despite the all-around deliciousocity of everything. Man, I’m thinking about it now and my mouth is watering.
It might be the Wild West in publishing, but as a former Green Beret, it’s the kind of environment we were trained to thrive in.
OK so some of the suppliers may not be walk-able except for dedicated yompers but just look at the number of local suppliers the Bladebone Inn has … including a place that offers courses on foraging, a local "open farm" (working farm that does tours etc), a local brewery, local markets, butchers …
These are just some photos of yesterday’s sightings. Had the luxury of someone else driving so I got to shoot life!
During this time, two things happened. First, client management got disillusioned with market research. They started getting rid of researchers who had been so wrong so often.
Schedule is tomorrow, Monday, April 30th through Friday, May 4rth, as well as the next Monday and Tuesday, May 7-8.
Yup!
How do you 'mix' things up for your kids at meal times?
These children are growing too fast for me!!! In the next two months, they will turn 5, 3, and 1. Wow. And Wobbers is 11.
Some other important ‘need-to-know’ stuff:
And how annoying to get my stomach in the best shape of its exisistance only to stretch it to kingdom come all over again?!
Saturday morning Jamie and I had planned for our long run. She had 8 miles on her plan and I had 10miles. The weather forecast was not good. Weather wouldn't keep me from running, just from GETTING to our meeting place. I got up Saturday morning and the news said the roads were just slushy, but cars were traveling fine. (We had gotten some ice and snow during the night). I was ready for my first long run of this training cycle. And more importantly, I had new running clothes to wear! During the week, I had received a new sports bra from Amanda for being the first to reply to her tweet. Definitely in the right place at the right time that morning! Thank you, Amanda, it was honestly the most comfortable one I've ever worn! It's from McDavid and I would definitely recommend it. Also, I had ordered a new running jacket, you know, just in case we have more than one day of winter in a row. It arrived on Friday and I was super excited to try it out on Saturday. Since I love everything that I wear from Brooks, I figured I would love this too. (I did, by the way).
1) This starts from step 10 in Boat Quest Part 1. For a refresher, after you finished part 1, you should have spoken to your bard friend in Yaston (picture 1) again where he says he'll give you the compass back if you give him music to drown his sorrows. This is required to get this part started.
Put simply, worship that is God-centered is worship that revolves around and proceeds from God, not any human ingenuity, program, paradigm or plan. It keeps and maintains that the highest end and the compelling reason to worship is God Himself – responding to who He is and what He has done.
Just a quick blurb to tell you that my photos are now edited and I'll be getting them up on here and on Facebook very soon! I can't wait to share some of my favorite shots with you guys. :)
This goes out to all the breeder trolls who have called me “heartless,” “cold,” etc.!
This would perhaps have been made slightly more pleasant if this one girl (whom I am having tuition with FOUR times this week), would at least make the effort to revise a little before my arrival. The concepts that she has forgotten are simple ones that only require memory work. They hardly even require her to apply anything. It frustrates me so very greatly because I am merely her tutor. I cannot do the memory work for her. I can only tell her what she needs to commit to memory and then help her with the application, but if she doesn’t even bother to commit said things to memory, then my presence is rendered pointless.
Mr. Darcy dog
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees and sprinkle the top of the biscuits with some more sugar, again I used vanilla sugar and bake the biscuits 8-10 minutes, or until done. Let cool slightly.
The coach for the side, Mr Roach, was very big on fitness and on drills. I realised very early that if I was going to ‘make it’ in this side, I needed to be fit. I had to train hard and learn the right drills and skills so I could compete to the best of my ability in this side. I knew I wasn’t the most talented; I couldn’t help that, but I could be the fittest. So I set my mind to making sure I was the best trained player on that side.
Joshua Nkomo did not, then, hold the cards that Morgan Tsvangirai holds now.
Have you ever noticed how tatters have different events that are like a wave through the community? Let’s see, a certain thread brand, blinged shuttles, dying our own threads, embracing one motif or pattern. We’ve all participated in at least one of these waves of popularity. I’ve bought my Lizbeth thread, and received gifts of blinged shuttles (with pretty painting, ‘jewels’; a dressed up shuttle). However. . . .
It won’t be simple. But quite possibly Jodie Wu will make it look that way — while balancing the values of community co-creation, international development, and local entrepreneurial capacity.
Please join us Sunday, February 12 at 11:30 am at SHOW circus studio in Easthampton. Fore detailed directions check their site.
The Condescending Mentor. Loves to drop excruciatingly overused phrases like, “using all the tools in your writer’s tool box” and “you’ve got to kill your little darlings.” Is really too gifted a writer to be bothered with your amateur attempts, but they are willing to lower themselves to help you in your struggle. Manages to work in seemingly casual references to their New York agent, dreadful editor, unreasonable publisher, or soon-to-be-released critically-acclaimed best-seller, at every opportunity.
It's Friday already I can't believe how quickly another week has flown by! I am just popping in to show you a beautiful Flower blanket which has arrived from 'creativegranny' over on RAVELRY. I only added 'creativegrany' as a friend a very short time ago and this morning I have received a beautiful Granny square blanket from her. This blanket is another 'stunner' and each square has been made in such interesting colours. Have a look at the centres in the squares on the close up photos I'm going to show you. 'creativegranny' also very kindly sent me some Flower squares which are the prettiest things too. If you look at the squares you will see a basket of Flowers this one is just so different.
Spread the cream sauce on the pre-baked pizza dough. Be careful not to use all of the sauce so the pizza does not become soggy. Then sprinkle with grated Parmesan cheese. Top evenly with the torn pieces of mozzarella cheese. Sprinkle with sliced green onion and red pepper flakes.
While cycling to our hotel at the northern edge of Canmore, a sharp high whistle pierced through the air above the buzz of moderate car traffic beside me. Suddenly I saw a row of 6 tiny brown-grey pikas shoot out of their burrows from the road bank in a high-speed scamper to safety 3 metres on the other side of the embankment. It was wild rodent action, all in perfect sychronicity within the blink of an eye.
KK in KC asks: Why do you have a squirrel in your header? Is it to show that you are a squirrelly old broad?
And death, which I have always regarded as the greatest dimension of life, dark, compelling, was no more than a pipe that springs a leak, a branch that cracks inn the wind, a jackets that slips off a clothes hanger and falls to the floor.
I read the preview of the book, plus a few chapters and while I can honestly say that the book isn't my style (post-apocalyptic worlds don't interest me), however, I can see anyone who loved books like The Hunger Games giving it a try. In fact, that's probably high praise because I felt the same way about Socialpunk as I did reading The Hunger Games! Unfortunately for me, all the book reviews are supposed to be completed before the end of the month - but I have finals to give, and then grade, all next week so there's no way I'll have time to read any books in April!
Clean up campaigns such as these continue to receive the good-housekeeping seal of cosmic approval because we are now “apart” from what we have always experienced as life on planet earth (Gaia). As of this year we have journeyed far enough into the New living field that we can start to experience the greater power of Divinity that resides within all.
The cover and info on the next edition of Doctor Who magazine:
wart medicine
It’s very intrusive, especially having to report the income of your non-citizen spouse who really oughtn’t have to disclose any of their assets to a foreign government.
So before you head towards your next project meeting or plan to engage with a Global client/ team/ client’s team, you now know what to do, right?… Yep, revisit this blog.
“For your sake we are being killed all day long;
The fear that i would subject my friends to that abuse.
“Just a tad,” Tanner grinned as the two veterans of many a worse night outdoors played the game of who cares less about the bad weather. To an outsider, the “game” might seem like so much macho B.S. To a couple Marines who’d slept on the ground for days on end in much worse conditions, it was merely a way of keeping their spirits up.
A great read. Fans of the Dresden Files will thoroughly enjoy this series.
The five member judging panel, chaired by Hon. Eugene R. Sullivan, will select one winner from the short list which will be announced by The Patron of the Award, The Lord Mayor of Dublin, Cllr. Emer Costello on Thursday June 17th 2010.
#5: A Tour of Downtown, by Amir Roohi
Now granted, there's no butterfly, but this is just the image for the assemblage book page; I'm going to try and do something more three-dimensional for the butterfly.
Boots: Frye.....thrifted...$24
One of the biggest problems with monarchies is that the enforcement of rules and regulations can easily be arbitrary, since the power is in the hands of the emperor. But the emperor had to strike a balance between his personal will and the will of his bureaucracy which he depended on to run the state. There were constant conflicts, sometimes subtle and sometimes turbulent, between the two powers.
Or English poets who grew up on Greek
The heraldic artist takes this written description and ‘translates’ it into a recognisable image. The art of course came before the language, which as we have seen was needed to bring some kind of governance and stop people from adopting the same devices in the same form on their shields or personal seals.
Time to work on my memory.
To this day, I'm sad that my dad and Sherman never got to meet.
Though they primarily played cover songs, Greg and Martin started writing original songs together. The two of them would trade off lead vocal duties and focus on harmonies. They eventually recruited Jim Keller and Scott Krueger, both of whom Martin had known from their stints with In A Hot Coma.
This is good news for people who feel their thumbs twitch at the thought of sitting still. But it is surprising, maybe even unwelcome or abrasive, news for those who have spent a lifetime seeking inner peace through stillness, meditation and prayer. Those who rely on “The Power of Now” to find peace might find the idea of spiritual enlightenment through Becoming rather than Being counter-intuitive.
A term we always hear when politicians or the media talk about the war in the Middle East. Wiki defines it as a means of leaving one’s current situation, either after a predetermined objective has been achieved, or as a strategy to mitigate failure. In warfare, an exit strategy is understood to minimize losses.
man — the inner, new born, cannot be smitten; nor is it to die: it is wholly
1. If you are struck by lightning, your skin will be heated to 28,000 degrees Centigrade, hotter than the surface of the Sun.
Supply (Pottstown, PA) 1:40 p.m.
Lately, it has been raining every single day here. I love rain, but it does make things like running errands difficult. The traffic, getting wet and possibly catching a cold is a pain. Not to mention, the weather around the world is getting stranger by the day. It does cool down and sometimes I experience very cool breeze in the evening. That's really odd.. Anyways, since it has been a wet day, I thought the best pick me up to stay warm and fuzzy is my own quick cheat Chicken Pot Pie. No rue/ roux required. Plus I have promised my brother yonks ago that I will cook him my Chicken Pot Pie.
Earlier this week, we check out the honeymoon between Eric Young and ODB. Love and trust between them, then Eric goes ballistic on a guy who looked at ODB. Uh-Oh, he is in his underwear again.
For today, I’m simply taking life as it comes. Which includes a bit of time at a hospital. Tonight, I’ll be back home with those in my flock.
C) It seems more cost effective. In practice, it's not always.
I have in my heart the special things a mother says to her child.."don't be afraid...I will be here when you come home from school..you look so pretty......."
It's being months since I have tried
﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿Elphin is a prince of Avalon and carries a magic harp that comes in very useful on their quest. Arianrhod is Rhianna's maid at Camelot, who has the thankless job of turning her into a princess. Cai is a squire - not a very good one yet, but he's brave and has potential.
It’s called connections, people.
Must shower and dress, busy day ahead and be nice to wear something other than my usual shorts and a camisole.
Art historian Richard Shiff describes doubt and belief as two extremes on a continuum – doubt is a degree of belief while belief is also a form of doubt. Following Charles Sanders Pierce, Shiff states “If belief and doubt belong to the same experiential category, then a doubt is a weak belief; we feel doubt when belief is weak. Reciprocally – but oddly – a belief is a strong doubt: When the doubted fact gains degrees of acknowledgment, it becomes a belief” (Doubt, p. 25). Ideally, my practice exists near the middle of the continuum, holding doubt and belief in magnetic tension.
Apart from the laughter and the cheers
so I e-mail her regularly asking her what sorts of things
THE QUESTIONS
I’ve been wanting to do an ombré design for a while now. But unbelievably I never seemed to have the right colors. I didn’t have 5 of one color that I felt looked good together. When I found some pink polishes (simply sweet) at a discount store I knew it was time to give it a try.
Simple... but true. If we don't get rid of the things that are crowding our counters and entryways, then we won't be able to even see our fun new decorating efforts. All of our work will be in vain. Having too much stuff can get in the way of seeing the beauty in our homes.
Another era of the band that must be checked out is the 1983 to 1989 period that saw the arrival of Laura Salenger. After marrying Mark, Laura was known as Brix Smith, and her influence and overall style coincided with the band focusing on tighter song structures and not sounding quite as shambolic. U.K. singles such as “Victoria,” “Ghost In My House” and “Mr. Pharmacist” gained some airplay, and it looked like The Fall might finally break out of their cult status. My personal favorite from this period is “This Nation’s Saving Grace,” which is from 1985. Other travelers that have explored this region hold “Perverted by Language” (1983) and “The Wonderfull and Frightening World of The Fall” (1984) in equally high regard. Moving forward, the early ’90s found the band unsettled with all of its constant personnel changes, including Brix leaving both the band and Mark Smith. The overall songwriting seems to have lost its consistent edge, and not until the “Real New Fall LP” of 2003 is released does the band find itself on totally solid ground again. The constant changeover in band personnel at this time now seems to have given Mark a new transfusion of energy, and the song “Theme from Sparta F.C.” shows that they collectively still know how to kick ass. The easiest way to follow this crooked path that we have traveled so far would be to purchase the 6-CD box set, “The Complete Peel Sessions 1978–2004.”
When my wife first arrived in Scotland – Carrie is an American for those who don’t know her – one of the things that took her aback a bit was the aggressiveness of the language and not just the tone, the actual words we use to talk to each other. We know when we’re being serious even if the words are exactly the same. So non-Scots readers when they open up this collection might think that Alan comes from the most dysfunctional of families. He does, but all Scottish families are dysfunctional – that’s how we function. For me Andrew hits the nail on the head in the title story. Now a grown man and living in Greece, Alan’s returned home for his father’s funeral at which he gives the eulogy. Later he finds himself in the pub with his mate Cliff:
3. Vow – Never to make the mistake.
1940 Deer Park Ave # 234
There finally came a time when decided that she wanted to go to a nursing home. So my mom and dad got all of her affairs in order, and off she went. Every week we took the kids in to see her, and they actually enjoyed playing bingo with the residents there. I know that she looked forward to those visits, and I do believe that she was learning to enjoy the freedom that came from not being worried about her medicenes. A few short weeks into her stay she once again became sick with pneumonia, heading into the hospital, and unable to shake it's grip, she went to be with Jesus.
I recommend picking up a sixer.
Step three: Staple the backing to your pallet liberally, folding the plastic or cardboard to make a covered edge for the bottom of your planter. Remember, this is going to be holding dirt, moisture and plants, so you want it to be as sturdy as possible.
Long Run Saturday Morning- Jeff and I got in 12 miles at a 7:48 pace running on a soft flat trail (High Line Canal Trail). Jeff and I both wore our new compression socks. Cute, right?
PERHAPS SHE'LL DIE!!
In a statement accompanying his signature, the president chastised some lawmakers for what he contended was their attempts to use the bill to restrict the ability of counterterrorism officials to protect the country.
what can I say. I've been lacking in the veggie department :-(
"He was born Desmond Adolphus Dacres in St. Andrew, Jamaica and grew up in Kingston, where he attended the Alpha Boys' School. After his mother took ill and died, his father moved him to St. Mary, and then to St. Thomas, where he apprenticed as a tailor before returning to Kingston and taking a job as a welder, singing around his workplace while his co-workers encouraged him. In 1961 he auditioned for Coxsone Dodd (Studio One) and Duke Reid (Treasure Isle). Neither was impressed by his talents, and the young man moved on to Leslie Kong's Beverley's record label, where he auditioned before Derrick Morgan, then the label's biggest star.
Apparently its something to do with the broadband , its so slow . The good news is that virgin is going to give me some sort of refund !- Maybe i can catch up on some crafty spending with that !
to grace upon our pure flowers.
Simone is now two years old. She talks. A lot. She’s taken to saying, “She’s so cute,” about her baby dolls. She can count to eleven and recognize some letters. But she’s using her newfound language abilities to manipulate and deceive. She tries to play Beth and me against each other. She’ll tell me, “Mama says I can watch,” and then she’ll run down the hallway and say to Beth, “Daddy says I can watch.” She’ll then settle on the couch in front of the TV, waiting. I’d be worried if it weren’t so adorable. She’s already a cagey character. She gets that from her great uncles.
And so, in order to better serve you, my readers, I watched a month’s worth of period Coronation Street. Unfortunately, the accessibility of vintage Coronation Street is limited. The closest I could get to the time in question and get consecutive episodes (instead of a “best of” set that wouldn’t capture the feel of watching the show) was December of 1979. And so I watched all nine episodes from December of 1979. For you. My readers. You bastards.
I decided to write this post when I realised that I have shared alot about the things that I consider important, or central to my life. And each month we get together with these families that I really like, and I wanted to share that too.
It reminds me of what we learned in our marriage preparation class: Love is a choice. True love isn't conditional; it isn't built on what we feel today or another day. If we only loved each other when we felt like it...well, I can tell you that there would be many days that I did not love my husband! Love is a choice we make, a choice to love unconditionally in spite of circumstances. Faith is the hope of things unseen. It is with these concepts that we try to view our circumstances.
Happy December,
The situation was scary at first, but with my new control of the dream it became a bit fun, and we defeated most or all the zombies on this underground level; and then we went to a lower underground level, and we started fighting more zombie-like beings.
I understand emotions come and go but this was more like a crisis.
What is your ideal warm vacation spot?
beside the head yoke
they signed it, and in the indicia we just had to say, “all
All around I could hear carolers singing and in the house far away I could hear mother and father calling out “Merry Christmas.”
Inky wishes, Di
Shortcut Strawberry Shortcakes
Feel free to make any suggestions of what we can do to improve our page!
(2) If the fetus is determined to be stillborn.
For 17 years I followed Ellis's trail through moves, affidavits stating he was who he said he was, and doctors' exams. And then, "DEAD." In 1907 Ellis took his own life. Perhaps the senile debility played the largest part in his choice but I can't help but think that he was worn out from dealing with his health problems.
I am, perhaps, blessed with an extraordinarily vivid imagination. This is often a good thing, like when I make up stories to entertain myself (and occasionally others) or when I can see solutions to problems where all obvious options have been exhausted. It becomes a pain in the ass when it comes to looking forward to anything. Like holidays, for example. Because I imagine every detail of what is about to happen and what I am about to see and how it would make me feel, I often and up disappointed at the reality. It feels like I've already done it. The experience loses the novelty factor. So now, I try not to look forward to anything, imagine anything real, I just let the reality do its thing and hope for a pleasant surprise. On the other hand, I can imagine all the worse case scenarios too which makes it a relief when none of them happen.
Here's me hubby after coming from hospital yesterday ..
Well, for this week anyway. My apologies for the lateness of this post; the internet has not been co-operating and as a TV-less intellectual, I am reliant on the wonderful i-player for my scandi-crime fix. My subtitles were a bit glitchy and out of synch, making the whole experience a bit more dadesque than I believe was intended.
Your daughter’s groom, ushers and greatest person really should look comparable using their clothes if the groom is wearing morning hours costume, other males inside the get together ought to follow. Hint ?constantly meet with the bridegroom, do not believe youe making a good choice.
Sorry, can you pipe down at the back, please? I know it's Friday and everything but please, pay attention.
Yes, I’ve had a sugar addiction for a very long time. I’ve always had a sweet tooth but I think the addiction occurred and took hold when I quit smoking. Instead of dealing with WHY I was smoking, I unintentionally transferred the habit to to standing in front of the vending machine at work, usually ending up with a bag of M&Ms to munch on. That was the beginning of the end of my girlish figure.
I started in Mexico, and the urge to start back on the book came pretty quickly. I snatched moments here and there between hikes and trips and tours and bacchanalian soirées, but was anxious to get to South America itself and get really working.
looking for the right meal at the right time...
Last week, Perry and British comic Brand signed papers to finalize their divorce in June; despite no prenup, Brand did not request spousal support or a share of Perry’s massive earnings. Perry signed her documents with a smiley face.
So, I think I need to go rub one down. Just not sure where to go… Thinking I may just have to trek out to the barn to “check on the horses”…
Anyway, 38 pitchers since 1901 have qualified for the ERA title with a 3.14 ERA.
I do have a question though, how does she wipe?
It is all SU procucts with the Need for Speed stamp set which is great for any boy or man (older boys).
But Moses supposes Erroneously,
I think I'll let you watch the video first - I couldn't watch it in one sitting. In fact, I had to take off and head to the nearest leash-free park with my dogs for a bit, before coming back to complete it. I suggest having a piece of paper next to you so you can record down your thoughts when they strike you.
juice and zest of one tangerine
The one that appealed to me most was St James, an unpasteurised, brine-washed sheeps' cheese that's made by Holker Farm Dairy in Cumbria. It's not new - it won the James Aldridge Award for 'Best Unpasteurised Cheese of the Year' back in 2005 but it hadn't entered my radar.
The 8-year-old gelding collapsed at a station placed just beyond the finish line of the 3-mile race.
They have been for a while now, but the funny part is that they are number one by a landslide.
To me, a good TV show is when the characters and their families feel like your own. When a good show ends, it’s like you’ve lost a friend. And that is true of One Tree Hill.
"The suspect claimed that he was possessed by a demon as he heard
Created during the depths of the Great Depression, it seems fitting and appropriate to have revived this quirky work at a time of similar economic upheaval. Nonetheless, politically and artistically, it remains a museum piece. To put it charitably, Blitzstein was no Gershwin – neither a George nor an Ira. With the benefit of hindsight, The Cradle Will Rock reads like an attempt to graft Brecht and Weill’s daring theatrical innovations onto Clifford Odets’ homegrown agit-prop. The Fat Cat is our boogey-man here, and the answer is, what? Unions! But this is 2010, we know better than that, market crash notwithstanding. Not only are unions capable of corruption as heinous as any monopoly or cartel, but so are socialist governments. We may not like it when The Cradle’s cartoon villain Mr. Mister (Bill Newhall) buys off the church, the press, the arts and the medical and academic establishments…on the other hand, 73 years later, we also don’t like it when labor unions and big government push us around either. The very prescription the play seems to offer as an answer – a “closed shop” – gives your correspondent the creeping willies. I’m in the theatre. Your vaunted closed shop happens to be closed TO ME.
Curiously, the finance ministry which allocated a generous Rs 1,758 crore to UIDAI in the current budget against Rs 1,200 crore for 2011-12 appears to be plumping for the smart card for various welfare benefits instead of using the Aadhaar platform.
He eyed my purse like it was the holy grail. When he finally managed to pull his eyes off my bag I tried to give him my signature, "Touch this and I'll ... Well, we both know I'm not capable of doing anything about it, but I'll be madder than an expat waiting in line at the prefecture."
Liturgical (not necessarily in the traditional sense)
And because it is a huge room, I decided to create several spaces. So I made a kind of platform and an alcove in front of the fireplace.
"To play a part in keeping this Club in the Premier League is all I ever dreamed of - but getting these awards is the icing on the cake.
Ava has this expression that - I'm telling you - I could almost hear the "Oh, it's ON now." And then it was on...Ava tackles Abigail. And the two started rolling in the floor.
107 Canst thou forget that sad, that solemn day,
The standard litany followed that order, as principal assistants reported readiness to launch. The next words I heard, however, were not part of that litany.
I've now read the book and found it a fascinating account of a disjointed and difficult wartime childhood, amusing and sad at the same time, well written and absorbing.
CFR Director Richard N. Foster is a director of the TCW group, which
This week I stumbled upon a news article posted in the WSJ about News Corp launching a Spanish-language network in the US: MundoFox (derived from El Mundo, meaning “the world).
Mr. CFP is a low-key kinda guy.
The state government, the ruling party and some servile media is spreading false propaganda
Enfys: For my card this week I used two of my favourite things - the Sundae of Seasons butterflies, and my Cricut expression - I used the new cartridge Elegant Edges for the flower shape and the big scallop edge (which looks black in the photo, but is a very dark brown). I cut the butterflies out twice and popped them for dimension, and added drops of liquid pearls. I twisted the antennae out of wire
1125 **D-XI/3/1991. “Realism and Shakespeare’s History Plays.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Alpine Valley Resort, East Troy, Wisconsin. See Item VI/6(A)/1986, above. See, also, Item XII/5/1985, above, and Item B-4, above, pp. 74-88 (1983). (Incorporated in Item C-2001(3), above, pp. 133-43.)
Cheri might be sad to see we did not give her a showgirl tail (there was a scene in the film where she was very upset when someone pulled the tail off her costume). The tail is some kind of ruched net but this would not have looked as nice as ruched latex on the back so we didn’t do it. Though we hope Cheri would still be happy with our version.
Cook until the mixture becomes thick and oil leaves the side.
Parti Keadilan Rakyat and Pakatan Rakyat leader Anwar Ibrahim was arrested outside his house for alleged buggery. The police used force in arresting Anwar, although he had agreed to go to the police station himself. This never-ending court saga was designed to occupy Anwar’s time and energy, and demoralise him and his supporters.
Wasn’t amendments to current environmental policies and practices part of your manifesto and 120 plan? (Prakash, all yuh forget?)
Oh I'm not worried, I thought. Pissed off maybe, but not worried.
I sing my song
Suppressing a shiver Dr. Logan returned the sheet of paper back to the stack and opened his mouth to speak. A crash followed by a scream interrupted his train of thought. He tried to ignore the commotion but the disruption grew louder. Seated across from him John was seemingly unaffected by the noise. The shouting from in the hall grew louder. The door flew open and for a moment the figure standing in the doorway conjured up the image of Johns story. Dr. Logan’s heart tripped in his chest. He was not an overly fearful man but just for a moment he felt the oily twist of his intestines.
Anyway, why go all-out gore? Herschell and Friedman, entrepreneurs that they were, realized that a resource in entertainment had not yet been tapped into. No one else had made a color horror film that featured human sacrifices, knives plunging into flesh, body parts being roasted in ovens, tongues being ripped out of mouths. That kind of thing. There had to be someone, somewhere, at some time, that could or would exploit such a concept in a major motion picture (or at least as major as could be mustered), so why not let it be them?
Again we faced the future with medical help and a lot of questions. But our doctor and his staff were incredible, and we knew we were in great hands. Two and a half months later we were given the wonderful news that we were pregnant with twins! Like everything else we had endured, my pregnancy was not always easy. I was high risk, spent two months on bedrest, and delivered 5 weeks early. But our precious little girls, Brynlee and Brielle, were born on February 20, 2009. They were just under 5 pounds, but again miraculously, they were perfect, and were able to come home with us from the hospital.
I will always love finding new work that is original and exceptional. And making the first breakthrough sale for a new author – both of these moments are still punch-in-the-air exciting!
“Maybe someone else will give you a try.”
All the things we love
I have come to the conclusion that it is brilliant!
And, over at Stitchy Bear Stamps, a selection of products have just been reduced to 99 cents each. The products in this section change monthly, so it's always worth having a look.
christmas dinner with friends from the bookshop was so wonderfully good. m and k had us round at their place, like before, and i wish i had taken another roll of film.
After queueing on trade day for not too long, we past the ticket scanning area and I headed for the first table. the first most important decision at GBBF:
From what I learned about how public schools handle bullying, the right thing to do is always to tell an adult, but it’s not generally going to do any good. There are certain kinds of people whose lives are just plain worth less to everyone else, and members of those groups always learn where they stand sooner or later.
16. A stack of Thomas Kinkaid greeting cards
Sitting on the left side of the page was a small series of words that drew my eye: three or four in a row, lines ending in "Vitovska."
Except, in the course of seven series we have had some diversity actually. In fact, going down the list of regular and recurring companions we've had since 2005, it's been something like this ...
Chest : 35 Inches
Happily married with a young son and another child on the way, Quinn Braverman has the perfect life. She also has an ominous secret. Every time she makes a major life decision, she knows an alternative reality exists in which she made the opposite choice-not only that, she knows how to cross over. But even in her darkest moments-like her mother's suicide-Quinn hasn't been tempted to visit . . . until she receives shattering news about the baby she's carrying.
Long story short, as time inched closer and the reality of us becoming man and wife was getting more intense, the love of my life said he feared he wasn’t up to the task and that maybe he just wasn’t cut out for marriage at all.
In effect it is the presence of the lakes that makes viticulture possible here. The region actually sits just above 42˚ latitude, the same as Rias Baixas, but upstate New York enjoys a climate of extremes with hot summers and very cold snowy winters – so much so that Lake Placid has twice hosted the Winter Olympics.
(For the theologically conversant - I do realize that "natural law" is commonly used to describe the uniformity of nature, but I am critiquing the practical atheism that often accompanies such ideas, since the Bible clearly teaches that "natural" causes are in fact Divine causes. The uniformity we observe is merely the "regular" consistency of God, while other "miraculous" events should be subtitled under the same consistency, though a broader definition of consistency and a humble, teachable spirit is required to appreciate it. There is nothing inconsistent about Jesus turning water to wine or healing someone of a grave disease, given that He was God Incarnate, maker and sustainer of "natural" laws.)
and the Four Days of the Grid
So where are you going with this, Snooker?
We found Hay St. Mall because, as usual, Bill needed to go to an Apple Store. I'm sure he wants to visit every Apple Store in the world. I've lost count of how many we've just had to visit.
Girls are doing some amazing things….women are doing some amazing things……lets not show them for what they aren’t.
I think it should be clear to the discerning reader that I would side with Henghis—not that I consider him an epitome, but he is, at least, a civilized being. What comes after him is definitely a rough beast. In The Spiral Labyrinth, we see the world after the first few centuries of the world’s ultimate age that will culminate in Jack Vance’s Dying Earth: a decadent, amoral Old Earth of rogues, monsters, and self-involved sorcerers.
That doesn't mean I am positive or grateful or even contemplative. That doesn't mean I haven't cried my eyes out a dozen times just this week alone. It just means that I know I have to hang on, there isn't any other alternative.
I must have caught our granddaughter's cold, or else it's an allergy. Hard to tell at this point. I do not have fever, and I do not feel bad, just a little tired. I have been coughing, sneezing, and sniffling, but so far all is clear.
Will this last? I doubt it. The black/white polarisation is growing and the rhetoric is becoming more extreme. Listen to the pub or workplace chatter, read the blogs and comments sections of the newspapers and it becomes obvious. Whites are gatvol at the waste, corruption and stupidity of the black elite. Blacks are demanding, as their right, the wealth of the whites by means of redistribution of assets. No matter that they have not worked for those assets, they claim them as the spoils of war.
Didjelirium is a sick individual, suffering from this lethal curse called ‘humanitis’. So death is mainly what the future holds for Didjelirium. Maybe in 200 years from now on, if there are still humans on Earth – I sincerely hope not, for the sake of the universe - someone will find my writings and/or hear my music and realize how prophetic it was. Or maybe not. And whatever will be fine. Meanwhile, I shall keep rocking my foolish boat, letting aboard all the other foolish dreamers I will meet on the way and telling my stories to whoever might be crazy enough to ask about them. Most of them are being gathered in this project called Original Fools, in collaboration with Damscray, from Orenburg, Russia, and I can’t but advise you to listen to it, simply because you won’t otherwise. If you need a genre to locate it on the music map, we do what we call ‘Spice Opera’. It’s a lot of fables about distant worlds and different beings that somehow, live and act exactly like earhtlings. It might interest you. But don’t feel sorry if you don’t, I’ll understand. I never expect anything from anyone, so I’m always happily surprised, no matter what. For the most important is not the destination nor any final goal, but the journey toward it and the people we meet on the way. So let the music play !
"First, Charlie Sheen can't really act, so just cast him as a rich, drunk womanizer who has to support his brother and nephew. Make sure there is no character development throughout the run of the series. Neither of the men, nor the kid, can develop into real people. You need a shrew of an ex-wife somewhere, and, heck, a shrew of a mother, too. Throw in a lot of bimbos, maybe a stalker, and then tell the same jokes over and over and over and over and, well, you get the idea."
People pressed into long lines often stretching for blocks to receive this ration, hugging the walls of the buildings nervously hoping that snipers wouldn’t detect the activity. If detected we knew to expect sniper fire quickly followed by artillery rounds.
the sun will shine
There are many relics, and potions, and treasures in the jungle, some have been left from years and centuries past, and few dare to enter to find any of them, as the danger is not worth the effort.
My cake had colorful miniature balloons. I really wanted to eat them, but my mom wanted to keep on taking pictures with the cake. I was getting restless. There’s one picture of me where I’m squirming because I really wanted to eat the miniature balloons. I was crying I want to eat the balloons! I want to eat the balloons! My mom didn’t seem to hear me as she kept saying One last picture na, One last na talaga, Promise one last na, Smile, smile. I lost count at how many one-last-na-talaga pictures she took. When the picture taking was over, I grabbed the miniature balloons and put them in my mouth. I spit them out because they turned out to be plastic. I thought they were made of lollipops. Good thing everyone was busy chatting that they did not realize that I tried to eat the plastic balloons on my cake.
I fully agree with the majority when in its opinion it says:
From living memory the war to end
The entire four-book collection is called the Twilight Saga. All the books in the series follow a “forbidden fruit of love” theme between a human teenage girl (mortal) and a "vampire."
“Okay.” He looked crestfallen as he obeyed, but quickly turned back to her. “It’s just... I’m going to get a taxi anyway... you could share it if you want. I’d pay, of course.”
Let’s get our focus right in life by taking the time to gaze upon the Lord as we read, mark, learn and inwardly digest His word. Let’s take the time to enthrone Him on our praises as we continually reflect on Who He is as the Son of God and on all He has done for us as Creator, Redeemer through His blood and Sanctifier by His Spirit.
OK. Not responding at all is one (somehow acceptable) way of expressing the medias disinterest and disapproval of my proposal.
Seeing as Eduardo Vargas is only twenty-two years old he could well have taken this award as well but in the spirit of fairness we will give this award to his team-mate Francisco Castro, who is only twenty-one years old. Castro, who like fellow award winners Vargas and Alexis Sánchez came from Cobreloa, spent most of the year living in the shadow of the aforementioned Vargas but when given the opportunity he grabbed it with both hands. Castro, made twenty-six appearances throughout the year in the league and eleven appearances in his club’s successful Copa Sudamericana campaign. He also managed to score his first goals for the club, scoring in the Copa Chile against Unión San Felipe. This kicked off an impressive run where he scored eight goals in the Clausura and one in the Copa Sudamericana. With Vargas departing for Napoli in the off season much will be expected from Castro in 2012.
“Let me guess. You don’t think you deserve your grade.”
Neither do the people behind the ad.
Now the scripture in the book of John reads on to see Jesus wipe mud across the blind man’s face as he heals him. The blind man then is able to see for the first time and become a living testimony to the Good works of the Lord.
Don't you all just love grocery shopping? I know I do. NOT.
“We’ll never quite get to the level Canada has…”
2 cups of coffee with cream and cane sugar
"When women experience the loss of a child, one of the first things they discover they have in common is a list of things they wish no one had ever said to them. The lists tend to be remarkably similar. The comments are rarely malicious - just misguided attempts to soothe.
This book is fast.
A year after he died in a hail of bullets, there is at least some consensus over Osama bin Laden’s legacy. The man who sparked a decade of costly conflict by sending two planes into New York’s World Trade Centre is ultimately responsible for the deaths of many, many innocent people and deep divisions between the Islamic and Western worlds.
US Carapils Malt 1lb 0oz 8.7 % 0.2
The recent upsurge in Miles Davis’ popularity is mainly due to an album entitled “Bitches Brew.” Released in the spring of 1970, it was the subject of a well coordinated national promotion campaign aimed more at the young rock fan than at the established Miles Davis follower. Of the close to thirty Miles Davis albums that have accumulated in Columbia’s catalogue over the past fifteen years, “Porgy and Bess”—with sales figures approaching 100,000—had been the most successful; other albums have averaged around 50,000 and recent releases have barely crawled to the 25,000 mark, but “Bitches Brew”—a two-record set—-has sold over 400,000 copies in this country alone.
My Card has made the Star of the Month at C.R.A.F.T Challenge and Jo has asked my to be their Guest designer for April....
Most of my medication, as with many other people with incurable conditions, can, very broadly, be described as palliative, in that it eases the symptoms but isn’t urgent – it doesn’t cure anything, because nothing is curable.** So how soon can I expect my GP to start buggering with my meds, I wonder?
These to procure incessantly asking, rising in cries from my heart,
of the goings-on with him.
Statesville-Mooresville is a key employment center in the Charlotte Region for industrial, headquarters/back office and motorsports. The area has seen a tremendous population growth over the past several years providing companies with a solid workforce along with unmatched quality of life, outstanding educational system, and excellent highway accessibility and low operating costs.
I cut the leftover script tissue paper into narrow strips, scrunched them, and placed them into the jars.
I taught for twenty-five years and its like an MI5 interrogation some days with kids trying to prise personal stuff from you. Hard to stick to just name, rank and serial number!
No matter which way you want to look at them, the lives we lead are basically the result of choices made and events encountered at every moment of our existence. Good ones, bad ones, excruciatingly stupid ones at times, they all add up to create the patterns of daily life in which we live. Happy and fulfilling lives, sad and dreary ones, occasionally unfortunate ones in which we just plod on and on and on, pretending that everything's just OK, when it's not and you're silently screaming your lungs out in frustration.
The sheer lack of Dalit icons in the urban Indian public pantheon is not an accident – nor does the space lack icons. Ishwar Chandra Bandopadhyay is one such icon. He struggled for the legalization of widow remarriage in India and lobbied the British rulers for this. He is truly a pioneer.
I've been on an envelope-making binge lately.
Just because you resolve to do something on 1/1/11, it doesn't mean that you did jack-shit for all of 2010. It doesn't mean that you sat on your ass, thinking, "no point in do this or that until the new year". It's a boost in the right direction; just ONE MORE reason to do the right thing without delay. What have you got against it? I honestly don't understand.
slips wet between my thighs
Now . . . do you think your situation has finally backed Him into a corner? Is God finally stumped; not knowing what to do? Saturate yourselves with the stories in this book and you will learn that He is not. Don’t reduce God to what your puny mind can think. Don’t limit His ability to what you can understand. He is our faithful Creator and we would do well to commit ourselves to Him. Commit yourself to Him and let Him show you what He can do.
I do have the pleasure in introducing our talented new DT member Wendy!!! I hope you will all pop across and show her some love on her blog and take in her fabulous work.
In the current manner of THE METAPHYSICAL TRUTH, I would like to stay away from writing such trivial matters as something from my daily routine, but I would like to divulge today.
I wonder why I, frequently, feel “old” rather than “new?” I’m thinking “old” in my spirit, not my body, which is rapidly getting older.
What an amazing lesson! Marlita has known about the church for years...her daughter and brother were even baptized years ago...but she had always refused to receive the missionaries in her own home or to visit the church herself. She is a member of the Igreja Assembleia de Deus and even worked as an "obreira" for years (the ones who peform the blessings of healing) and always heard terrible lies about the "Mormon Church" and the Book of Mormon from her church leaders....so she never opened her heart to learn more. But lately, Marlita has been having difficulties and struggling with depression that left her softened and humble...so when Geny told her about her recent baptism and the new joy and peace that she had found in the gospel and asked if she could bring us to meet her, Marlita accepted.
Steiermärker (c.1850)
It is silly maybe how big of a difference it has made. I feel like this huge never ending stress in my life is gone. I am even enjoying it!
And for now, at least, she still believes she's beautiful. She hasn't had that confidence knocked out of her...yet. How sad that you know it'll come. The self doubt, the feelings of ugliness that the teenage years bring are just around the corner. The 'why aren't my boobs as big as Jane Bookers?' years of torment in your room stuffing tissues down your bra. The overwhelming feeling of just wanting to be average, 'normal', not too fat, not too skinny, not too big boobs, not concave chest (yep, you guessed it, that was also what I was called) that takes up pages of your diary, along with a yearning for Gary Bell to notice you...
Italian Seasoning
I recently had the honor of being asked by Sarah at 16 Bourne to guest blog on her site. I decided to make a cute, easy craft to contribute. I made this coffee can vase (see below) - and it was SO easy, and free!
Stein drew support from at least two conservative local congressmen. Rep. Duncan Hunter, R-Alpine, wrote a letter to Stein’s commanding officer stating the sergeant should not face separation for an opinion shared by “a majority of Marines,” U-T San Diego reported. Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Vista, also expressed support for Stein.
04 Toot, Toot, Tootsie (Styne, Green, Cahn) 04:22
Tata Alejandro dedicates himself to the creation of a great global gathering (as he mentions in one of his interviews), along with other elders of the indigenous groups of people who speak different languages. He expresses that the indigenous’ logic of life from every part of the world is the same, but they most certainly do not claim that everyone should come and learn from them. They have a mission to complete and this mission is to spread the message of the great ancestors to everyone living on this planet.
Café – Tram is the only vehicle like this in Poland. In the atmosphere of 1920s, with brass ornaments and a mirrored ceiling you can just relax on a plush sofa and admire the beauty of the town through a window. List of things you can see includes Wawel Hill with Royal Castle and Cathedral, city hall, Bishops’ Palace, the Barbican… and many more interesting places of both old and contemporary Cracow. The tram line starts on the Wolnica square, where you can see the renaissance town hall, which is now The Ethnographic Museum.
Without the ’cotton wool’ comforts, the world looks sharper and clearer. I can smell the rich floral scent in my garden, see the light filtering softly through the clouds, and I’m noticing how gorgeous my husband looks. I long to swim in the salty ocean, walk up steep hills until the perspiration drips down my back, and dance, dance, dance, until the sun comes up.
I have been endlessly mesmerized by the photographs that so many of you capture and share - the images of birds.
She tries to do everything her big sister and the other 7-year-olds do. But she’s 3. She hollers a blue streak when I say, ‘No.’ And she’s been known to shout down playground bullies several years older than her. But she’s also afraid of loud noises and almost every animal besides caterpillars.
Remember, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas!
Dad: Nah, I think we're okay.
It took humiliation, but Tommy rolled up his sleeves and became the designer that matched his new globally recognized brand. He worked tirelessly to become a fashion innovator. He upped the quality of his product. He BECAME the designer in his ad. He became the designer his marketer knew he could be.
Because of the weather I know I'll have to go down to the pond when it clears to work on clearing the pipe.
The only realistic way to upgrade the thermal performance of a roof and maintain the existing covering, is to add insulation to the underside of the rafters. Sometimes this can be achieved by effectively extending the rafters, but the commonest way is to fix rigid insulation with an integral vapour control layer to the underside of the rafters.
2 cups of chicken gravy. Thick. Homemade or store bought.
A truly special place awaits. It is calm here — the warm sun and the clear quiet air soak deep into every facet of life. Kettle Ridge is a rare collection of generous homesites in timeless Naramata. Just a few minutes from Penticton. It is an untouched haven of tranquil wine country, crystal waters and old-world warmth. It’s Tuscany. It’s Napa. It’s just the beginning.
Some people try to make the movement’s incoherence, its refusal to declare what its goals are, as something approaching a strategy in itself. Ah, yes – the old “we have no strategy” strategy. Apparently, not knowing what you’re doing or where you wish to go is now something of a mystic state. Declining to nominate a spokesman, decrying the very idea of leaders and leadership, working to “consense” all your scattered issues is the new way of building a movement.
On Oct. 14, 1989, Staley and two friends went to a Steak and Ale restaurant in west Fort Worth and sat down to eat.
Although these amusing credits became a significant part of the difference between Marvel and DC, they did not last anywhere near as long as I remembered. Indeed, by late 1966, Stan pretty much reverted to a more basic style:
Well its good to be back and I rejoice in the rays of sunshine currently peeking through the clouds!
The twelve disciples are about to become the twelve apostles. But to stand on their own two feet, they are going to need spiritual help. The Lord was with them for three years to pick them up and pull them back into line. He is about to leave but He is telling them, “Don’t do anything, stay in Jerusalemand wait.” He told them the Comforter would come. This Comforter is from the Greek word, paraclete which means “to come to one’s aid or to come alongside.” I am sure the disciples were well aware of their need for the paraclete.. They were also well aware of the importance of this for the Lord stressed it so much, even in His last discourse to them in the upper room.
Such a far cry from the woman currently in office in Australia.
Though the weather may be heading towards the dull and droopy, Winter and Autumn ensembles don’t have to: this cold season introduces bright colours to Autumn/Winter fashion, so don’t be afraid to give it a try. This bright red scarf adds a playful pop of colour to an outfit that’s perfect for a warm and sunny Autumn day.
In a plastic bag, pour the flour
We were given a brief safety talk before we jumped on board. As the Indians had been so annoying, they sat in the back, while Aaron and I got the best seats in the front. Headphones on and we were off, shooting across farmland, forest and foothills. There was affair amount of turbulence, but hat just added to the fun. Aaron was grinning like an idiot as we ascended through a patch of low cloud and the glacier came into full view below us. The moraines and seracs looked tiny, but I knew that the small ones were as big as double decker buses and the biggest must have been the size of 20 storey buildings. The crevices went from white to royal blue to black, thousands of deadly traps moving like a slow sea down the mountain. It was difficult to imagine that this massive, multi-million ton slab of ice was more liquid than solid, carving it’s own valley as it went. I would have liked to have seen it at its peak, before it had started to recede back up the mountain, when it had been at its most magnificent and filled the valley it had cut. The glacier was still moving at anywhere between 1 to 7 metres every day, sadly melting at the same time as crawling forward with its immense weight, a shadow of its formal self. The glacier runs from top to bottom for 7.5km to a height of 300m above sea level. What makes it remarkable and very alluring is that it is also flanked by temperate rainforest. The contrast is striking, only in South America can you find similar environments.
The swimmer is made with a mix of Barry M Mushroom, H&M Love at First Sight and Hard Candy Splendid. His hair colour is Barry M Mushroom. Behind him is a shark fin that is made the way I made the shark fin on my pinky. I've added a little bit H&M Love at First Sight around the fin and the swimmer, it just gives a little more movement.
Our deductible is high...$5000/per person. OUCH! But well, Brian never goes to the doctor so I'm sure I'll be the only one to cost us a dime! But our monthly rate is almost $200 cheaper than what it was originally going to be and it actually turns out that this is probably the better deal. And since I already budgeted for $200 more per month then at least I can set that aside in savings!
A few weeks ago, I saw a post on someone's blog in which a button design patterned paper was used to line the bottom of a tray. When I saw it, I immediately thought of the 30,000 or so buttons I have stashed in my room. I used many of the older buttons that belonged to my grandmother who removed them from every piece of clothing before it finally hit the rag bag. She NEVER through anything away until it had been used to the point of disintegration.
Transfer the dough into a 9 .5 by 1 inch tart pan or pie plate and press into the pan with your palms, working the dough up the sides with your fingers and pressing it evenly around the rim. Trim any overhanging bits of dough. Chill for 20 minutes while you preheat the oven to 325 F. Bake for 10-12 minutes or until the crust is golden. (I used a pie plate and it took like 25mns for me, for tart pan may be it will take only 10-12 mns. Keep an eye on the crust while baking and wait till it becomes golden)
4. Figure Out The Best Time To Shoot! When’s the best season? When does the foliage look the best? When does the water flow? Might it look really cool in winter? Often, spring or fall is the best time for water flow, while the winter or summer may hardly have anything at all.
Will the Muslims ever practice tolerance or accept peace with the West or anywhere else for that matter? No, never. The Koran—which Obama always refer to as the “holy Koran”—is replete with directives to fight for “Allah’s cause” (Koran: 9.88), to “fight and kill the disbelievers wherever you find them” (Koran: 9:5) and twenty other calls to war and murder. There is a reason why their weapon of choice is a Muslim man or woman who is willing to kill themselves in order to kill you.
View of the front
So here I am with pockets full
I started it exactly a year ago, on May Bank Holiday Monday, and it’s become a far more useful, interesting and important part of my life than I could ever have guessed.
Perhaps the worst case of Umno Baru lawlessness is the power grab of the Perak state government. The behaviour of the BN assembly members when the Pakatan Rakyat Speaker was forcibly removed was disgraceful. BN’s action was unethical, immoral and defeated the will of the people who had voted for a Pakatan Rakyat government to rule them.
Please be sure to sure to upload your creation for this week's challenge to your blog or public photo gallery, and then leave a link that goes directly to your project in the Inlinkz form at the bottom of this post by noon on Tuesday, September 28th. Don't forget, you must always use a stamp carried by 7 Kids College Fund to be eligible for the prize.
This station is located at the corner of Bedford and Stonybrook along the sidewalk. Set up table and trash. Pour and hand out water cups and Cheer loudly to runners and walkers as they pass by. Rubber gloves provided for trash pick-up. Great for family participation (please be mindful that it is on a main road).
Please stop by each of their blogs and leave them a great big CONGRATULATIONS for placing in the challenge. Each of these ladies did a fantastic job. We are so glad to have had you join in the last challenge here at the DCRU DT Blog.
sign edged with milled lavender
And crept into light again.
– Stephen H. Buhner, The Secret Teachings of Plants: The Intelligence of the Heart in the Direct Perception of Nature
Eodideun cheongugilteni
However, with streaming the quality of your content is directly related to the quality of your internet connection. For low income, or rural households
Yesterday’s Kill
Photo Note: Upper photo taken March 20, 2009; lower photo taken November 8, 2011.
Given the fame of their restaurant, and their own high profile, it will be very difficult for the authorities to bury news of Mr and Mrs Steyn;s death, and already the possible impact is causing concern. Department of economic development, environment and tourism MEC Jabu Mahlangu labelled the double murder "shocking and cruel" and lamented that it took place "while the world is watching us". He added "Tourism is our goldmine in this province, and such barbaric acts could deter people from visiting us. And here we are one of the host cities for the 2010 FIFA World Cup,”
Our duty is to love them boldly, wildly, with every part of our being, and to carry their spirit into the world.
Last week’s end, my family and I threw everything we own (minus a large, oak bureau/TV stand which committed suicide by jumping out of my husband and brother in-law’s arms onto the road) and relocated from Fort McMurray to Edmonton, Alberta. My children and dog and I made the drive through a treacherous freak blizzard that saw dozens of vehicles forced off the highway and into the ditch. Some of them, right before our eyes.
of the boiling blood in my temples approached unbearable,
Gawd. I want those pair of shorts. My fave's the part where he's in a pull-up and he wiggles, and then drops down to wiggle with his arms extended. Whoaaaa. Why u have to be so sexy, mofo?
John-Paul describes his project as follows:
We were walking down the Ferry Building on nice Sunday afternoon looking for a place to get some 'light' lunch, so we walked in here.
Business ethics is an evolving field of study in where organizations are constantly researching and improving areas on ethical concerns. Companies have increased the programs and workshops offered to help management and employees develop strong ethical principles. Organizations recognize that effective business ethics programs are good for business performance (Ferrell, Fraedrich and Ferrell 12). Ultimately, businesses are pushing for ethics to be a part of the core organizational values within the company’s domain. Conquering such a task can allow organizations to build the framework needed to reach business success and profitability.
It took a genius like Aryabhatta to figure out that the earth was the one who was spinning, but everyone else before him did observe that every celestial body around us was taking the same one day to rise and set!
The previously known details contain claims of alleged phone communication between Mr. Okah and the those who carried out the attacks, allegedly on his orders, computer records, photographs purporting to show incriminating images and other materials.
We were thinking about something eternal. The feeling and themes to this kind of music we love so much often deal with torments and pain that last forever! You can easily find out more about it if you read the lyrics to “Immolated...” I/we are part of an ever-burning torch of passion for this genre, and the title had to fully express that. A burning torture that never ends!
As a keen supporter of Italian Horror, it's always nice when new DVD releases and rare cinema screenings are announced. In the last two days, a trio of Italia-related news items have come to my attention ; the first concerning Lucio Fulci's CITY OF THE LIVING DEAD.
Family.
24/06/2011
All of Garrow's "Endorsement" authors are qualified by Garrow as "best-selling", "world-renowned", etc. I will let the reader use Google to determine the accuracy of Garrow's claims about these individuals. Garrow's book is published by WND Books, described by an editorial in the UK's Guardian as ""a niche producer of rightwing conspiracy theories, religious books and 'family values' tracts." WND Books describes itself as “'fiercely independent', telling the stories that other publishers won’t." The point is that the reader should get an idea of the religious and political circles Jim Garrow associates with -- the birds of a feather thing -- which may prove useful as one begins reading his book.
The crew of the Enterprise is still suffering from the aftereffects of the disaster at the Rashanar Battle Site, as seen in the first and second books in the series, A Time to Die and A Time To be Born. Even their help with the Dokaalan, as seen in A Time to Sow and A Time To Harvest, or their defense of the Baku, in Star Trek: Insurrection, weren’t enough to redeem them. Starfleet Command is still suspicious of Captain Picard’s abilities and sends the Enterprise on another mission where the crew is expected to fail. On top of that, the rest of crew has picked up on the command crew’s mood and the Starfleet scuttlebutt is calling Enterprise a doomed ship. Many of the newer crew members are requesting transfers off the ship. Riker and Troi are determined to talk at least some of them out of that decision.
30. Speaking of running....Our 2nd Annual Run to Breathe 5K in Memory of Haley will be Saturday, July 17th. Bright and early before it gets too hot!!
Farnham Beerex rolled round again and much to my surprise some of my beers were on this time. Not sure how they got there, but a wholesaler must have been involved as I didn't deliver them.
Brew’s Best is the third installment of successful craft beer festivals hosted at The Village at Lake Las Vegas. The festival has grown to more than 20 breweries sampling as many as 75 craft beers, and the highest expected attendance to date.
Shirley G
Here’s the AJAX code:
In February of 2013, the first zombie animals began showing up. Roadkill on the highway would scrape itself off the pavement and limp into the woods. Pigs at the SuperYum Bacon Factory who were supposed to be dead suddenly leapt up and squealed. The sewers teemed with schools of once-dead goldfish that had been flushed. And even though the zombiepigs and zombiesquirrels didn’t speak any human language, everyone knew what they were saying as they devoured their fellow creatures: braaaaaaaaains.
Felice Schragenheim and Lilly Wust were gay lovers, who managed to survive together for a brief period in Nazi Germany in 1942-44. Felice was a Jewish resistance fighter, and later died probably on the march between concentration camps in Poland to Germany on December 31st 1944. She was 22. Lily Wust survived the war. Their story is told in the novel ‘Aimee and Jaguar‘ by Erica Fischer, and the movie of the same name, directed by Max Farberbock. After Felice’s arrest, Lilly Wurst made an audacious attempt to seek out Felice in Theresienstadt, which ended in her being thrown out by the camp commandant. This is Felice/Jaguar, her with Lilly and Lilly in old age:
I could rant and rave against this until I'm blue in the face and dripping with tears. Oh, I plead with you, if you are a parent and allow you children to watch this, please do everything in your power to rid your home of spiritual oppression. Throw that piece of garbage where it belongs and pray to God as a family that He would cleanse your home and your hearts and defend you against Satan's spiritual attacks.
I picked up my burger and grinned.”Thanks mister.” I sank my teeth into the meat and savored the ketchup on my tongue. I chewed the lettuce and tomato and felt some of the darkness in me fade away. Delicious. I’ve missed having tomatoes. I grabbed a handful of my fries and shoved them in my mouth.
The quality of the Duane Reade establishments themselves vary quite a bit - some are newer and more spacious than others. I was surprised with this one in the Times Square area, appropriately (but atypically) with neon-framed windows. Quite visible to the person in need, but invisible to the visitor awed by the other lights on Broadway ...
Now, whilst the sun rests on the mountains, light
Some breeds have a reputation for being sweet and lovable as long as you are present. When you leave without them, they become the dogs from Hades. They bark incessantly, tear up the furniture and forget all the pleasant hours you spent house breaking them.
December 6th I noted that I called my sis-in-law at 8:30am and we played telephone tag until 1:30pm. I was supposed to attend a Christmas event in her town which I cancelled as I was most upset over the call and her hanging up on me. When we did finally connect, I told her that I expected an apology for her going off on me and then hanging up. I also told her of my conversation with my brother. Her response was “what’s the common denominator?” meaning me, I said “Strike one! and I’m giving one warning only.” Noted we had a long talk for about one hour but think we’re okay. She called me back later too.
This bill only serves to make inventors secondary to paper pushers. And it benefits companies with the money to hire large numbers of people to handle these replications and application processing. The little guy, who they’re so fond of talking about in glowing terms, gets screwed royally.
I am still trying to finish reading the actual Australian Senate Inquiry into Forced Adoptions Report. Here are a few articles from Australia that speak to it. Sex, lies and adoption and Lessons from the past – adoption isn’t the answer to child protection and Joint call for nation to apologise over forced adoptions.
How old were you when you wrote your first full-length novel? Do you ever get the urge to go back and re-work that story?
~van Gogh
Or whether we shall be victorious, or utterly quell’d and defeated.
The taco construction was the most fun. While we both have a very different layering process, I was only able to record mine because the tacos across the table were gobbled up so fast- it was hard for me not to do the same!
To those advocates who worked so diligently for her, and beside her.........
Jennifer I find this a very difficult question to answer; maybe you can tell me? I really love all things vintage, but on some days it's depression-era aesthetics that make me swoon, on others it's the boldness of `50s modern...and then again I am really drawn to much older traditional quilt designs (I always respected them, but now I am in awe of them) especially interpreted in modern fabric. I think I'm all over the map, but an outsider would probably have a better perspective on this than I do.
Orchestral Fireworks – 8:00 p.m. – Kleinhans Music Hall
Donald always wore these really cool tinted sunglasses and
I’m not sure what fascinates me more–the fact that this website has an FAQ section including questions such as “But - Isn’t the Internet free?” and “Are you only celebrating the Daily Holidays of 2008?” or the likelihood that the site gets more page views per day than mine ever will, combined.
We go out.
where goose bumps
If fake lashes aren’t your thing then skip it, curl your lashes, and apply mascara.
Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli wrote in Chapter 24 of Lord George Bentinck: A Political Biography (1852),
OK, I'm getting way too fucking long here, so let's try to actually keep this succinct! Jesus!
How? How was she going to explain?
4) The type where they take a proper break but are apparently not that keen on medical students. The consultant drinks his coffee and eats his ginger snap while the four medical students are not allowed such things and must sit, coffeeless and biscuitless, and watch him. This type of clinic is also known as the sixth circle of hell.
The first was the job centre opened in Bamako, capital of Mali, on Monday. Other centres are expected to open soon in other west African states and later in north Africa.
CBM Nadine
INTERVIEW WITH TWO TON STRAP
So, my pretties, what do you have to do to enter for a chance to win all these glorious goodies? Well, remember me talking about the Queen of Teen Award before? I'd still very much like to win that, my lovelies, and I don't think, so far, that we've done enough to get me there. Maybe it's not possible. But it would be great to get onto the shortlist at least!
south-east and south-west,
'Oh yeah!'
UPDATE: 17th February, 2011. Well it looks like McInerney is coming to the end of the road, in its present form at least. In a special sitting of the High Court in Cork today the judge, Mr Justice Frank Clarke again rejected McInerney’s scheme or arrangement that was last ruled upon on 10th January, 2011. The judge found that KBC (the non-NAMA bank in the syndicate owed some €115m) would fare better effectively with a receivership. Interestingly RTE is reporting that the judge found that the NAMA banks would fare better under the scheme of arrangement. The likely next step will be for the banks to seek the appointment of a receiver.
The burlesque performer’s silhouette morphs from a Louboutin shoe to dance on stage before she transforms back into a stiletto.
In the film “Jurassic Park”, they described this (rather badly) as chaos theory. For them, in a nutshell, you can’t know all of the variables involved to predict any outcome. As a limited human being, I agree with this sentiment. There are people who are better at subconsciously taking account of these variables, but none of us is able to handle the sheer amount of data involved in predicting the outcome of even a simple flip of a coin.
FHA was originated to serve the moderate to lower income individuals who do not have the necessary means for the standard down payment requirements of conventional lending. This has changed in a big way since the mortgage meltdown and FHA raised the maximum loan amounts so that more borrowers were able to get this financing. All borrowers now want less down payment, more flexible seller contributions (which has recently change to be like conventional) and flexible sources of funds for down payment and reserves. This came about due to the economy and the conventional fall out for the past three years and this is now why FHA is starting to change the rules and regulations as they have default rates to consider also.
?He has a sweet-as-shit car.
Store shelves. You know those little ticket dispensers that line supermarket aisles? If they’re located by a food you enjoy, grab one. Hey, you never know.
Hidden Charms – Link Wray
I understand the difficulty of loving someone who struggles with feeling worthy. It is absolutely wrenching to believe at your core that love is strong enough to save someone from themselves. If only people could see themselves as they are seen by others.
Thank goodness my mom is coming to help for a few days. Sometimes, you just need your mom. Since she, too, had a hysterectomy, she'll know what I'm going through.
As you will be having dessert (and you would be a fool to miss it) Get the bread pudding, it reminds me of the most decadent and delicious french toast and with the perfect topping vanilla creme anglaise. Don't miss the Vanilla Pot De Creme or the Affogato.
What Is Not Included: Transport to and from Boulder Lodge. Last year the guys grouped together for road trips. Its an easy 15 hours from Cotter, or you can fly into the Twin Cities and grab a shuttle to Hayward. Adult Beverages, bring your own or buy at the Boulder Lodge lounge. Tips for the guides.
My sleep kit mirrors my chopice for backpacking and I’ve rated the kit elsewhere on this blog. The Snooz is a real luxury that I wouldn’t do without though. Having tried numerous inflatable pillows with little success, this beanbag pillow is truly comfortable and helps me get reasonable sleep on the NeoAir. It weight about 370g which sis not light, but it’s a worthwhile compromise.
Photogenic Memory
"Ha ha. Take another photo, you plick and I jam you flucking camela up you flucking arse."
*On a side note I would like to take the time to point out that Michael Reagan’s endorsement of Newt shows that intelligence may be more dependent on genetics than environment.
Macrophobia- Fear of long waits.
Alright! Time for another one of my offity posts! Yes, I did some more "sewing" projects! I LOVE the craftaholics anonymous blog and wish that I had the time and recourses to do all of her projects, but when I came across this post on wrist warmers the other week I HAD to make some! They were just too cute. Not sure what I will use them for, but for the time being they are keeping my hands and wrists warm while allowing me to type, so, I count that as a viable use.
The sentiment, swirls and "butterfly" are from Spiral Boutique. The "butterfly" is actually one of the solid images turned upside down. I stamped it on the background and then stamped it again on scratch paper to cut out.
Our Kimball has a tendency to stress out about things that are difficult for him. (Anxiety is a real problem for many kids with Asperger's Syndrome.) One of those things is falling back to sleep when he awakens in the night. At one point we gave him permission to turn on the lights and read when he awoke in the night, but that led to him being awake and reading complete novels between 3am and 7am. So we try to discourage that these days.
"Front Cover"
9) Light Soya Sauce, 7 table spoons
So though they name that quiet time, there at the twilight of the year,
In November 2010, the Franklin County Court of Appeals overturned a trial court's decision that dismissed more than $30,000 in fines against a Columbus Bar for violations of the Smoke Free Work Place Act. The trial court concluded that authorities had singled out bars and restaurants for penalties while refusing to cite individual smokers who violated the ban. The Ohio attorney general appealed the decision to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals, which overturned the lower court and prompted the current
And huge apologies, WordPress / other non-Blogger blog users! Blogger is what I know. Okay, so first things first.
I don't know..But whatever existed that day needs to exist forever.
I have made a few designs to put on cards and then I found some mini canvases in my stash and thought I would do up a couple of those. These are fun and very addicting. Besides doing sketches in my sketch book at night I also, when in a whimsy mood, add these as well for future reference.
I love that he always takes my side on everything. There are a ton of people who have their opinions about everything, but he stands behind me through and through.
Check out the press release down below:
you this week, so grab your scissors and get clipping
I promise I’ll get you home.
having your awesome holiday next!
The doctor also was curious when I had fractured my spine.
I admit that if you play WAB, specially coming from fantasy, this will be a bit of a hassle. Most people base their cavalry in 25x50mm or 50x50mm bases. This is nice, but it´s not that good for Warmaster or even FOG. And you know what? Most historical cavalry figures are smaller than fantasy horses.
In Athena the Brain, Athena always knew she was smart and special, but she didn’t realize that she was a goddess! When she’s whisked away to Mount Olympus Academy, she worries about fitting in and dealing with her dad (Zeus). Luckily, she meets the Goddess Girls and finds the best friends she’s ever had.
Maybelline illegal Length Mascara (not shown)
6. Iced Tea. Deserves it's own number. I love iced tea, esspecially home made. I wish there would be more placed to buy frech iced tea though. It's so nice to drink when your out and about.
Obviously, you expect to be mis-quoted and have your words twisted by newspapers. Now, it seems, it’s common to simply make up entirely fictional stories.
03 Day of the Eagle
remember when i went all ballistic over how much i liked unearthly by cynthia hand last year? (no, i guess not, but man i loved it SO much.) i went even MORE ballistic when i got a chance to read an ARC of its sequel. like, started-doing-a-jig-right-there sorta ballistic. (lololol. okay, i didn't really do a jig or anything. came close to it, though.)
This is great on a number of levels. But it's particularly spiffing because every morning, when I rock up and Abbott's been there for three hours eating fucking algae or whatever he has for breakfast, and asks 'Jesus, Dave. What did YOU get up to last night?', I can say 'I fucked your wife again and again and again until she literally shat in my bath.' (She did once. It sounds bad, but it was fucking amazing.)
Realistically lack of knowledge about lifestyle habits and their effects generally isn’t the problem, and neither is lack of employer support. What is the problem is lack of motivation, good role models and a realistic understanding of the consequences of our actions (or inaction).
Many people now say they don’t know what the Lib Dems stand for (again) (see comments in this post). So it is our job to let people know. So how would you describe it today on the doorstep? What would you describe was the purpose of the Coalition? of Nick Clegg or of David Cameron? What can you say which will influence the polls? There is a technique to help with this which poses a question, which once answers will make this a lot easier.
MOIST…POST COLD-FRONTAL UPSLOPE FLOW WILL REMAIN FAVORABLE FOR TSTM DEVELOPMENT OVER THE HIGHER TERRAIN OF NE MEXICO THROUGH THE PERIOD…WITH THE GREATEST LIKELIHOOD FOR STORMS EXPECTED TO OCCUR IN RESPONSE TO SFC HEATING. THE STORMS SHOULD MOVE GENERALLY EWD WITH 30 KT WLY MID LVL FLOW…AND COULD AFFECT S TX WITH A CONDITIONAL RISK FOR SVR HAIL/LOCALLY DMGG WIND LATE THIS AFTN INTO TNGT. ABSENCE OF LARGE SCALE FORCING FOR ASCENT AND LARGELY ELEVATED NATURE OF THE CONVECTION SUGGEST THAT ANY SVR THREAT WILL REMAIN ISOLD.
What are the words that throw you for a loop when you're writing?
Sometimes the way a word looks doesn’t match up with how it sounds. Buses rhymes with fusses and cusses, not fuses. Doesn’t it follow that busses would be the plural? Not so.
10 American Wedding
Free Mind = Free Wo/Man. It doesn’t really matter what your body does, as long as it is not actively harming others. You can work nine to five, pay a mortgage, pay taxes, be a responsible spouse and parent and STILL BE A FREE MIND. The revolution happens inside, and can be kept there until the time is ripe to manifest, hopefully without having to resort to the Tuttle method.
My son is becoming a big boy.
She had not factored in a storm.
(Still FRame courtesy ICC /Muhka Antwerp)
It’s been almost 20 years since that day in the Barnes and Noble, and last month the thirteenth book in this series came out. Let me say that again: the thirteenth book in the series. I almost can’t believe it. Yet, like that famous Japanese dog that returned to the train station each day to meet its master even after the master had died, I return to Robert Jordan’s books—ironically even now that he himself has died.
Code: CA080
The earliest bridge across the Tyne, Pons Aelius, was built by the Romans near the location of the present Tyne Bridge. Built around 122, it fell into disrepair, and a stone bridge was built in 1270. This was in turn destroyed by the great flood of 1771. In 1781, a new stone bridge across the Tyne was completed. Increased shipping activity led to the stone bridge being removed in 1866 to make way for construction of the present Swing Bridge, which opened in 1876. The idea for a bridge at the location of the present Tyne Bridge dates back to 1864, due to concern about the cost of tolls on the High Level Bridge - although the first serious discussions took place in 1883. Committees met over the next three decades, but it wasn't until the early 1920s that proposals were commenced in earnest, boosted by the chance to secure central government funding. On 29 April 1924, Newcastle and Gateshead approved the plans, and the Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead (Corporations) Bridge Act was passed on 7 August that year, with an estimated cost of £1 million including land acquisitions. The final cost on completion was £1.2 million. Work started in August 1925 with Dorman Long acting as the building contractors. Despite the dangers of the building work, only one worker (Charles Tosh) died in the building of this structure. The Tyne Bridge was designed by Mott, Hay and Anderson who based their design on the Hell Gate Bridge in New York (which was completed in 1916). The bridge was completed on 25 February 1928 and opened on 10 October by King George V and Queen Mary, who were the first to use the roadway travelling in their Ascot landau. The Tyne Bridge's towers were built of Cornish granite and were designed as warehouses with five storeys. However, the inner floors of the warehouses in the bridge's towers were not completed and, as a result, the storage areas were never used. Lifts for passengers and goods were built in the towers to provide access to the Quayside although they are no longer in use. The bridge was originally painted green with special paint made by J. Dampney Co. of Gateshead. The same colours were used to paint the bridge in 2000. The bridge spans 531 feet (162 m) and the road deck is 84 feet (26 m) above the river level.
I forgive that I have accepted and allowed myself to, without question accept the experience I have of/as myself towards/in relation to sex and relationship.
When we got home we both showered and met in the bedroom in our robes, ready for bed. As she took her robe off to retrieve her nightgown I went her and embraced her and whispered: “no night gown now please”. I opened my robe and wrapped it around her pressing her naked body against mine. Her skin was warm against me. My cock was stiff and extended out from me; as I wrapped the flap of the robe around us and drew her to me my cock pressed against her belly.
Germany and Sweden, each of which moved toward rough budget balance between 2009 and 2011 while sustaining comparatively strong growth—the average growth rate per year of real GDP for 2010 and 2011 was 3.6% for Germany and 4.9% for Sweden. If austerity is so terrible, how come these two countries have done so well?
Christine B.
You will be able to kill without guilt
Love in a Plastic Cup: Hotel Room Hook Ups
The beginning of the book was kind of slow for me. It wasn't the acutal plot that was slow, but the fact that I needed to get used to the writing style. I don't know if I ever really did get used to it, honestly. I didn't much like the strike throughs. I'm ashamed to say they confused me a bit. (and I call myself an avid reader...) Another thing that I also wasn't used to was the repeats of words, especially when the author was describing something. I know alot of people found that to be a cool element of the book, but I jsut felt like I was being repeated something like you do a child. I don't feel that it really takes away from the story, and the fact that it got a four stars is proof. This was a great great book. (haha, i just repeated myself, what a hypocrite I am!)
The Beer Store is a retail outlet owned by three breweries. Why would they be allowed to sell to a home delivery service and Beau’s (or any other brewery) not be? It doesn’t make any sense, it’s anti-competitive and it restricts choice to the residents of this province.
Globalism
After the study I was asked to pick a supplier for the CPAP and the doctor sends the prescription to the supplier I picked.
Tony Stark: I have a plan: ATTACK!
Are we really all this isolated and naive? Do we all make the same sorts of moral justifications like the one I made back then, ("wellllll... we broke it, so we really should fix i"t) to make ourselves feel better about being profiteering mercenaries? You can pretty it up any way you like, but if you were to offer the same job ("drive a truck and get shot at") to somebody for 20-40K, see just how many sign up for patriotism.
“I’ll go Bonnes on that one”
Here is how it usually goes: in the middle of chit-chat with a friend about, say, Downton Abbey, I say: “It’s good and all, but you know what’s a really great series that no one knows about? North & South. Do you know it?”
I hope that everyone in #writemotivation is off to a good start; I will see about getting around to see your check-ins soon myself.
A picture he posted today.
“Damn, you scared the shit out of me,” Ronan whispered rubbing the wrist the vampire had held. It ached from his cold touch. He turned to the vampire whose pale skin shown with a faint luminescent in the deep shadows, a cold, cold light to attracted warm beings.
Bearing in mind that we are now suffering the worst drought in nearly a century and that our weather seems to follow New York weather (by about a week), could this mean that the drought might end in late August?
Since the band reformed in 1994 specifically to perform as headline act at Progfest ’94 in LA, the band had often discussed the idea of doing more concerts, a new recording etc, however, we found it was much easier said than done. As we have been pursuing our separate careers none of us had time to focus on the band, so nothing much happened until 2002 when I produced my second solo album “Oceans Of The Mind”. This gave me the push to contact Japanese promoters to set up a tour with the intention to promote Oceans. One thing lead to another and a complete show featuring Mario Millo Band and Sebastian Hardie was put in place. Prior to the concert tour of Japan, I organised a one off concert for both bands at The Metro Theatre in Sydney where the debut performance of Oceans Of The Mind was filmed (DVD due for release soon). It was also the first home concert performance by SH since we split in 1976.
Mrs Perez, from Arteaga in the northeastern state of Coahuila, which borders Texas, said she had gone public with her news in the hope that she would receive some extra support from the state.
How many of the thousands of Minnesota voters who put Michael Paymar into office realized they were voting for a covert Marxist? Has any of Michael Paymar's campaign literature, or public statements ever mentioned his Democratic Socialists of America affiliation?
Highway 96 from Murfreesboro to Dickson was my usual route back and forth between college and home for me. Naturally, if I had five bucks for every time I was back and forth on I-24 between Murfreesboro and Nashville, whether going out downtown or going to work, I could have probably retired on that. I worked at Southern Hills, so you Middle Tennesseans know what my usual route to work was. To see that intersection in Franklin on 96, and those stretches of I-24, with cars and trucks nearly completely submerged – just surreal.
Chief Assistant Prosecutor Mark Webb, who authorized the charges, said this was a case that did not have high priority with the staff short an attorney.
One yard wire-edged ribbon
She frowned. "Why not? Isn't the point of a Witnessing that it can't be false? I'll believe it."
Planets drift and shooting stars rush by like the flip of an astral coin.
“I’ll think about it.” The very idea of having something inside of me is just disgusting somehow, especially since there isn’t a single person on their goddess damned list that I would even consider kissing let alone that.
39w+2d today... 5 more days until our EDD.
Cause I walk like I've got oil wells
Mr. Glamour can be bought now at Amazon.com, Amazon.co.uk, at all good retailers online and in stores in April. And you can find out more about Richard at his website
V/A - I Love The Smell of Napalm (Rough Trade 1986 (comp with Primal Scream, Biff Bang Pow!, The Jasmine Minks...)
Those who have been expelled from their homes unjustly only because they said:"Our Lord is Allah." (V.22:39,40).
Together with the great food we enjoyed, Ajay's goodie bag for the day included - in the pictures below - the other new Limited Editions of 2010, the Partagas Serie D Especial and the Montecristo Gran Edmundo. Ajay also put - as a surprise - a Hoyo de Monterrey Double Corona 2001 (from a cabinet of 50). More to come on these...
I have therefore selected three books; one each on the First and Second world wars, and one commemorating the Canadian navy. All three are part of the “Amazing Stories” series published by Altitude Publishing Company.
Aaaaand I think that's about it. You would think that not posting for a while would give me more things to write about, but I guess all the little bits and pieces don't seem important enough to recap a week later.
Of course, companies who produce HFCS deny the results of those studies, claiming the sweetner is “natural”. But this is coming from those who, y’know, SELL the stuff. Corn refiners have even produced some strange PR ads to encourage people to keep ingesting their toxic product.
When you buy a gift from target online you can pay 6 extra bucks for them to wrap it.
Green egg-faced woman to be in boxes
OUR AMAZING FEATURE PERFORMER
I will be making a L.O. using a lot of Idea-ology products.....yea man I need to use them, I have been admiring them for far too long!!
The Better Book Company look at each author’s book as an individual project, speak with the author until it is agreed by both parties what services will be employed by the author and the agreed number of books to be printed. A contract will be drawn up which will specify the overall costs to the author and it will be signed by both parties before the book project begins.
you don’t want to look that way
How can they not get it?
We've always had an unhealthy love affair with words at Sell! Towers, you only need a quick glance at some of our work to gather that. Whilst the world seems to be going increasingly the other way, we still believe wholeheartedly in the power of persuasive and compelling copy, as I'm sure many writers (and others) in the business do also. So we were delighted to learn that CBS Outdoor are running The London Long Copy Challenge, which gives us yet another reason to dust off the old typewriter again.
Dinner for my date was her usual - a cheeseburger with fries from the kids menu. It amazes me that this is her favorite as she likes many of the other options on the menu, but... it's her night. My choice for our date was the Fusion Cobb Salad. A wonderful salad with grilled chicken skewers inserted with the low-fat Parmesan Peppercorn Ranch dressing.
Season: 2 February–11 February.
These concepts are relevant when talking about online and mobile interaction because the classic notions of time, space and place need to be adapted for the online and mobile world. One example of this is this advert on Oxford Street which is shown only to women.
We had an amazing Christmas and New Years in Kansas City, MO with Joe's parents and brother. I was so lucky to marry into such a wonderful family! They treat us like royalty when we are there, and we had so much fun spending time with them and their sweet pup Sophie. We also got to meet Joe's brother Pat's girlfriend Kadie and we just loved her!
Let's get the unpleasant bit out of the way first. I got stories rejected by (1) the BBC and (2) Smokelong Quarterly. Both of these are places that I would really like to place my work, so although I'm disappointed I will definitely be trying again when I next have something suitable to send (or, in the BBC's case, when their "Opening Lines" feature comes around again).
Oh yeah, he is taken by the way! Woot-woot! I told him that I cared about what his partner felt more than what he felt so .. I would let him go. But there were times when I could not help but to flirt with him. Not sure if I was to blame because he acted as though he was single so the flirtation went on and on till I thought the feeling was mutual. I thought he felt the same thing but the thought only lasted for a moment because his friends reminded me to be aware of what we both were doing. We might hurt ourselves in the end, they said.
52.16 N , 106.53 W
Almost two decades down the tubes, but it had to happen sooner or later. I’m just glad I got out of there when I did. Even when I knew my days were numbered, I stayed almost 4 more months out of complete spite for the place.
West
And finally, some video of the experience! Two shots: one of Untitled (2001), which is not much more than a miniature elevator; the other taken at the top of the Guggenheim looking down into the morass of Cattelan art.
The great crowds that greeted him at home or on his campaign “world tour” were no substitute for having even the slightest grasp of history and the reality of a world filled with really bad people with really bad intentions.
Calder Contested
According to my husband, his parents never had "the talk" with him. He says had to learn about it on the mean streets of Wellesley. If you've ever been to there, you'll know there isn't a mean street within a 10-mile radius.
I have never been one to clip coupons. I have been blessed in not "needing" to, and also it is a time thing. When I decide to go grocery shopping, I make a list and go. But this show really demonstrated that I could be doing better, just taking a few minutes a week. I could at least look at the store sales, and the coupons that come weekly in the mail. Even saving a few dollars a week would add up. :-)
I did get in two miles at the park track doing 2 miles in 28:52. I don’t have any conferences scheduled for tomorrow I might try to sneak in a run between dismissal and conference night.
QUIRKS: Based on an incredibly cheesy, lame old TV series that I used to watch religiously as a kid. The series does NOT stand the test of time, so turning it into a comedy is actually quite logical. It’s too ridiculous to really take seriously, and throwing all seriousness out the window is actually an excellent move in this case. As was keeping Holly “my age”. She was a kid when I was a kid. Now she’s a hot woman in her 30s now that I’m in my 30s. Awesome. And no, they should not have used the original Holly. She’s too old now. [Many photos HERE.]
Established authors can show us how they have developed plot and themes throughout their stories, as well as subplots, and we can see how these different strands all come together cohesively in such a way that it produces a seamless tale.
I asked this volunteer: "Even though I'm an artist with a film in the festival, I can't walk the red carpet?"
Wells Fargo bought Wachovia Corp., the fourth-largest U.S. bank by deposits before the 2008 acquisition. Because depositors were pulling their money from Wachovia, the Fed channeled $50 billion in secret loans to the Charlotte, North Carolina-based bank through two emergency-financing programs to prevent collapse before Wells Fargo could complete the purchase.
Still, they do communicate. And I know I know, I might be accused of donkopomorphizing, but I do really believe that all those noises and gestures they make are an attempt to talk with us. So, Take heart, I'm here to tell you that it can be done.
Location: HCCF
of being-what-is-not-while-not–being-what-is?” I said. “Of course I
The Hubs was looking for the tissues and I said, "they're on the couch."
Really it is just a little chat about the devil in general and the chupacabra in specific and how they would prefer it if she could be more on the lookout for the devil and less on the look out for the chupacabra, which is just a scaly kangaroo and furthermore is not real.
‘I’m surprised they’ve still got so much energy left,’ said Mrs. Warmisham. She spoke lightly with a little chuckle in her voice, but Dr. Bennett caught a slight, fleeting frown.
I can quite easily drink 10 cups in a day, but that's not my standard amount. Usually 4 or 5. So is that standard? I don't usually go too crazy with my tea choices at work because there are no choices. It's the bog standard generic faceless bags at work. When I'm home I get a bit more exciting, but there's hardly any time for tea at home.
you could search our whole house if you want, you will not find any drugs. I'll even give you pee tests for the rest of my life if I need to.
Despite busting out of the gate at 20-9 the Sixers managed to go a mere 14-21 since then. This team relies on its superior defense, which is 2nd in the league in opponents’ points per game, and team play, with 8 players playing over 24 minutes per game and averaging at least 8 points per game. Unfortunately their defense will only get them so far against a healthy Bulls team or the star-studded Miami Heat. Expect this offense to struggle against the playoff-level intensity their opponents’ defenses are likely to impose.
Authorities.—The Nonjurors, by J. H. Overton, D.D., Canon of Lincoln. Abbey and Overton’s English Church in the Eighteenth Century. Lord Macaulay’s History of England, vol. v. Tyerman’s Oxford Methodists (Harper Bros., New York). Dean Plumptre’s Life of Bishop Ken (2 vols). The Mother of the Wesleys, by the Rev. John Kirk (Wesleyan Conference Office). Oxford High Anglicanism, by the Rev. Dr. Rigg (C. H. Kelly ; 2nd ed. enlarged, with Appendix, 1899).
We finished our tour with Pukapukara and after a quick lunch, we were dropped off at the airport where we caught our flight back to Lima and our home.
2. Slow down and savor your food. Food addiction is difficult because you have to eat, but how you eat will make a difference in how you perceive food. Don’t gulp down your food without giving it any thought. Instead, take your time when eating, and make a habit of savoring every bite.
Jenny said she thought it was a book about identity, which seemed to me an astute assessment. Set in the 1920s around the building of the Bloor Street Viaduct which will bridge the city, it is essentially the story of Patrick, who, like the moths he watched flinging themselves against the lighted windows in his isolated country childhood, comes to Toronto 'searching', for a home, or an identity, or maybe a narrative of his own, but drawn with the logic and coincidence of dream into the stories of others, and in particular the immigrant Macedonian community. As Trevor said, the blurb on his edition bills the book as a love story, but it's not really, or rather it's more complicated than that. As in dreams, and as in Ondaatje's better-known sequel The English Patient, love stories become displaced from the centre, are left hanging or morph: a nun falls from the bridge and is caught by the worker Nicholas, an incident that hangs over the rest of the story like an iconic miracle, bonding the two souls together, yet later we will learn that Nicholas has married another. Indeed, as in dreams, characters central to the The English Patient appear on the edges here, waiting in the wings with the centrality of their own narratives. The language too is dream-like, and there are constant references to dreams - The bridge goes up in a dream - and, as in The English Patient there is the ache of loss and longing that characterises the most affecting dreams. Right from the start we are clear that the whole thing is couched in the dream of narrative:
For months I have been trying to find an apartment in Paris to rent next week during our school vacation. I am so fed up! I'm tired of sending emails.
Blige’s My Life perfume, which came from the Carol’s Daughter company, was honored with Breakthrough Fragrance Sales of the Year and Fragrance of the Year awards. The awards recognized the unique, pioneering approach Carol’s Daughter and HSN adopted for the launch of the scent.
Written between 1599 and 1601, this play is set in Denmark and recounts how Prince Hamlet exacts revenge on his uncle Claudius, who murdered the King, takes the throne and marries Hamlet’s mother. The play vividly charts the course of real and feigned madness — from overwhelming grief to seething rage — and explores themes of treachery, revenge, incest and moral corruption. “Hamlet” is Shakespeare’s longest play and among the most powerful and influential tragedies in the English language. During his lifetime the play was one of Shakespeare’s most popular works and it still ranks high among his most-performed, topping, for example, the Royal Shakespeare Company’s list since 1879. It has inspired writers from Goethe and Dickens to Joyce and Murdoch and has been described as “the world’s most filmed story after ‘Cinderella.’” The title role was almost certainly created for Richard Burbage, the leading tragedian of Shakespeare’s time. It’s arguably the greatest drama ever written and in the four hundred years since, it has been played by the greatest actors and sometimes actresses, of each successive age.
Since U.S. workers are often 10 to 20 times more expensive than workers on the other side of the world, there has been a massive outflow of jobs from this country. Treaties such as the Trans-Pacific Partnership will accelerate those job losses.
To enter this week's random drawing simply share your design with the CPS readers. Simply click on this week's sketch image in the side bar. This will take you directly to the post where you can add your link. Please use a direct link to your card so the readers can easily find it.
spreading light for all to see
Under the new program, unsubscribed visitors will be allowed to check out three “items” from the JSTOR archive every two weeks, which they will be able to read for free. In order to prevent piracy, the texts will be displayed as image files (so that text cannot be copied). Users will not be able to download the files. The depletion of the traditional professoriate has produced a new demographic of unmoored scholars who might not have “the consistency of access that they want,” says Heidi McGregor, a spokeswoman for JSTOR. The goal of Register & Read would be to better serve that population — as well as others that the organization might not have even known about.
I know that every donation, no matter how small...will make a difference to the end total of the appeal. So if you were thinking of donating to the relief appeal, please be assured that ALL proceeds from my Etsy store for the month of January, will be donated to the appeal and I will place a copy of the receipt here on my blog once the donation has been made.
Chisomebi “Somie” Emma-Iwuoha
It’s a factual, rational and largely irrefutable matter, and yet the decision still rests with the drinker. I asked Robinson how the cans have been received by the public, and his answer is emphatic.
When news of any of this hits the media, there is usually some uncomfortable word-smithing by federal representatives and occassionally a promise to apologize at some point in time in the future. Always in the future... Yet, treating us like domestic terrorists and spying on us continues. Don't bother making more empty promises, just admit you are at war with us and let the chips fall where they may. If you are going to be our enemy, have the backbone to admit it.
No we bloody well don’t.
a time to scatter stones and a time to gather them,
Here you have a great list with common rules for anyone how wants to manage. Is it Business or Personal? It really doesn’t matter. These rules are for your life.
DISC ONE
An impressive silhouette gazing out over his newly conquered domain.
Day 28
Please note that unless indicated, all photography on this site is my own, and all images and text are copyright MoreAltitude, all rights reserved. Please don't use or reproduce without permission.
Be certain that you buy shoes from reliable online shoe stores having return policies and safe internet sites.
A modern day horse needs to be trained to be able to put up with what is lacking in the human. Sure, one can send their horse to a professional trainer for a few months and then it comes home to an owner that will be less competent than the professional. So the horse slowly comes undone. The professional should build into the training of the horse, the acceptance by the horse to the mistakes that WILL be made. How many horse trainers do this? Very few. I find it sad and dangerous to see folks bring the horse home only to have a wreck. The weekend comes, or they test the horse immediately on arrival home, over facing it with the different feel and lack of consideration for the horse's perspective, firing it up just like they would an automobile come back from the mechanic.
the main con artist gives a slightly different description of the “confidence game”. He explains that, in a typical swindle, the con man gives the mark his own confidence, encouraging the mark to in turn trust him. The con artist thus poses as a trustworthy person seeking another trustworthy person.
He does not plan to make an effort to repeal the ban, but Nash said he would support a revision that would exempt drivers on official company business.
Goose: Yeah. But then you'd have to grease them. You wouldn't want squeaky balls.
Television and computers.
I have laundry in piles - some is to wash, some is for the dry cleaners, some is to fold and some has been IN A PILE for so long it needs to be moved BACK to the pile to be washed.
And so I wink at the girl, wink at the dog and turn myself back to the bar,
Inspired by a television show Honey watches through the window of a cottage on her travels, Honey decides to dedicate her life to helping other animals in need. The tricky part is who gets to decide if an animal really needs help.
I'd woken up tense. He'd actually given me a quick swatting in the kitchen (before coffee!) because I had a small hissy fit over salad dressing we had both left on the table overnight. It was salad dressing!
WHY FAO’S REPORT IS BULLSHIT:
Since I will not have any any pretty photos to post for some time, I guess I will be forced to do the year-end photo recap of last year’s garden. I was kind of thinking if I procrastinated long enough no one would notice that I hadn’t done one, but nature has conspired to make me do it. I also didn’t do an anniversary post. Gee, now that I think about, it’s generally not a good thing to forget one’s anniversary. Well, Happy Anniversary If only sweat were irrigation. You appeared on the scene one year ago on December 28th with fear and trembling. Fortunately, the fear only lasted for a little while, but the fun has persisted to this very day. Thanks, everyone, for adding to my fun and for being so friendly. You’re the best!!
Just stay. I’m not perfect.
Sex without intimacy is just a physical encounter, not a relationship.
A small house agent’s clerk, with one bold stare,
Sometimes the person behind you kicks the seat accidentally. Fine. Sometimes it happens over and over again. Noticeably less fine. Next time this happens start swing your arms behind you. Once you eventually make contact, turn around and confess “oh, I’m sorry, I, like you, totally forgot that there were other people sitting in the chairs around me.” You can replace arm swings with throwing ice cubes or gummy worms over your shoulder, and generally, it will produce the same results.
Garden #3-
that is when the word Yes first formed
It was easy when reading The Hunger Games to envision it being a successful film. It had the one thing that every great action movie has going for it—populism. I realize that most people don’t think of movies in such terms, but when you get right down to it, the reason why most action movies are so popular is because they are such populist films. The Hunger Games is all populism. The elite government in the capitol of Panem suppresses the citizens of its twelve districts and forces a male and a female from each, between the ages of 12 and 18, to participate in televised penance for a past rebellion that results in the brutal death of all but one of the participants. Broken down to its most basic elements Katniss and the tributes = good guys and President Snow, the Gamemaker and even the rich, privileged citizens of the capitol = bad guys. If one were to take the purely populist route then Katniss and the tributes = “us” and President Snow, the Gamemaker and even the rich, privileged citizens of the capitol = “them”. A funny thing happened on the way to the cinema, though.
The 2011 Mobile World Congress website has launched! Tour the site to learn about exciting new details for the must-attend event in the mobile industry.
That all being said - here are the top - however many i can think of - gadgets for your kitchen.
During the 2009 season McLaren were applauded for running Mercedes KERS at every race and it was widely reported as the best KERS in use that year. Along with a few other journalists, I was invited along to Mercedes AMG Powertrains in Brixworth, UK to hear about KERS development since 2009. With Managing Director Thomas Fuhr and Engineering Director Andy Cowell giving a presentation on the range of work Mercedes AMG does with its F1 teams.
Did you notice how much easier the address is?? We kind of figured we would eventually go this direction, just didn't expect it within the first couple weeks. But hey, the Holy Spirit leads and we follow!!
the Issay Miyaki perfume that I put on this morning.
After contacting the host we were assured this only had a couple days to go and the rest of the work would only be painting, we were satisfied. But as the days continued the noise also continued. From here on the host was unhelpful and almost impossible to connect with, Airbnb offered no solution so we decided we would live with this, the beach just a couple blocks down would be our quiet retreat when the noise, dust and smells got too much for us.
Advisors can also go a step further and recommend language including a yearly update in the original succession plan, providing a legal basis for these refinements. This can serve to highlight the need for the meetings and ensure that modifications are not constantly tabled until the executives can find time to fit a review into their ever busy schedules.
*In an unprecedented move to combine casual gaming with the ecommerce experience, HSN Arcade allows people to play their favorite games online while they simultaneously watch HSN streaming live in HD, view the item currently on-air and quickly shop the last 15 items aired…all on one screen.
"I can recheck if you want." She typed away. "Sometimes this program mixes up some of the... ah, I see what I've done now." She gave me an apologetic smile. "Stupid little me," she said. "I had the stats of several files mixed up."
Here are the two organizers that I made, and they definitely are not perfect (I know where my mistakes are) but I'm very happy with how they turned out and they look rather nice on my table. My marker selection is quite small, but slowly growing.
Precious Heavenly Father, I thank You for the wonderful Name of Jesus Christ! The Name that is above every Name, and to which all of creation responds. Thank You for giving me the right to use that Name to effect positive changes in my life and in the lives of my loved ones. I know that I can never be disadvantaged in this life because I live by the power of that Name! Jesus Christ! Amen!
Hope you have enjoyed this.
GEEKINESS AND AUTISM, the connection, is the topic of a thoughtful article at CNN. Written by an Aspie, the article covers the stereotypes of both, speculates on possible genetic connections between the two, and contains a great quote from Temple Grandin. Find the article.
“By 2015, we will see the end of genital cutting in Senegal,” he predicted.
David Norris (Matt Damon) is a Congressman that’s running for the US Senate, but he gets pwned for some reason when a picture comes out that he mooned somebody in college. And since he was the only person who’s ever done that, he loses the election. While preparing his speech in the bathroom, he meets a woman named Elise Sellas (Emily Blunt), hiding from security after crashing a wedding upstairs. After a bit of conversation and a kiss, Norris is inspired to not perform his rehearsed speech, instead delivering a candid speech about his loss, which makes him an instant favorite for the next Senate race. Months later, Norris is on his way to work and being watched by a man in a hat named Harry Mitchell (Anthony Mackie), who is told by another be-hatted man named Richardson (John Slattery) that he needs to make sure Norris spills his coffee on his shirt. While waiting for Norris, Mitchell falls asleep and misses his opportunity. As a result, Norris gets on the bus on time and sits next to Elise. Norris gets them digits before he departs the bus and goes to work. At his office, he finds that everyone is frozen in time, and the group of be-hatted men are doing something to his associates with a glowing stick. But not probing them. That would be weird. Norris attempts to escape, but is captured by the men. They inform Norris that they are called the Adjustment Bureau and their job is to make things go according to “the plan” set by “the Chairman”. Mitchell’s failure has caused some trouble for them because Norris was not supposed to ever see Elise again and he was supposed to arrive to work late so that he would never have seen them working. They let Norris back into the world sans Elise’s number, warning him that if he tells anyone about them, he’ll be lobotomized.
I thank You Father for depositing within my spirit, special abilities according to the measure of the gift of Christ. No task or endeavour is beyond me for I have in me the grace and supernatural ability I require for every task, in Jesus Christ Name I pray! Amen!
Turning back the time in this short anecdotal recap, I was in Amsterdam before this train I’m currently riding on. Let me tell you, Amsterdam is a hilarious place. This is not the giggle-uncontrollably-at-some-unknown-joke hilarity that comes from the high-as-a-kite drug tourists there, but a different, more grounded kind. Amsterdam is like the Las Vegas of Europe: drugs, prostitution, and public drinking are all legal in most parts of Amsterdam, and the people know it. The city knows it, too, which is why most of the city is geared around this in a sort of appeal to visitors and drug tourists. Imagine yourself walking down the hodgepodge of narrow alleys and open courtyards of crossing rail ties in central Amsterdam. You look to your left: McDonalds, Coffeeshop, Sex Shop, corner bar, liquor store, gift shop, Coffeeshop, chips-with-mayo shop. You look to your right: there’s a canal. On the other side of the canal, though, there’s a pretty similar pattern there as well. Heineken is 90% of the beer served everywhere. All the souvenirs have some kind of motif involving Weed, prostitution, or wooden clogs. Every so often an alley will have a line of discreetly-drawn curtains next to glass doorways where certain ladies frame themselves with their best lingerie/swimsuit attire. Some have a routine of sways and shakes they go through, then repeat; others simply shoot seductive glances, like a grifter sizing up the mark. Some more just aren’t in the doorway, where you can assume they’re “on duty.”
The films were merely one diversion among many, according to Raven’s son Dominic: “To Dad his films (although they remain very visible) were not nearly as important to him as his work as an artist or as his contribution to giving black bluesmen a proper voice during the 1960’s.”
April has arrived, which (in the northern hemisphere) brings thoughts of wearing your Sunday springtime best and perhaps donning an Easter bonnet! So we want to you to show us your Sunday best; ruffles, ribbons, lace, frills; however you want to interpret the challenge!
Authorised by Steven Unthank, Toongabbie 3856.
I would go to the store and when I got home he wanted to know what took so long, "I was worried that you had car trouble." "No, just ran into a friend and we went for a soft drink." He thought it was thoughtless of me to not let him know I was delayed. I thought, "are you kidding, you never cared before."
This may sound deluded, but when Rosemarie and Ingrid started slapping one another (Rosemarie took exception to being called a whore), I imagined they were fighting for my affection: Rosemarie: He's mine! He's one of the few people who appreciates the largeness of my stunning ass. Ingrid: What are you nuts? He obviously prefers to be with me. I mean, have you seen his wrists? They're so dainty, and the dainty wristed can't help but flock to my box. (End scene.)
So I have to stop seeing you
Need a pathway, but don't want to dig up the sod, or pay for gravel/sand?
The Conservatives hope to have a bill that would allow them to declare countries "safe" passed by late June.
JUST ONE BOOK
He was Domingo Pedraza Romero, grandfather of Eduarda Yturrieta (from the previous two posts).
The crew of Sjora in Nanaimo. Lennart(in the front middle), Left to right: Ole, Daragh, Don, Rob, Bob, Me. Marion sailed with us to Winter Harbor and is not in the photo.
Fundamentally that was the reason for "going dark" both in terms of keeping in touch but also mood and general well being. Basically I spiked a temperature and that meant I had to go back in to hospital on to the ward, I think it may have been triggered from the hip biopsy I had on the 16th October.
Why am I craft blogging on Easter? because I am “home alone 2″. I stayed at home on Christmas because I had just had surgery. Now I have planter fasciitis (inflammation of the covering of the muscle on the BOTTOM of the foot) and each step is so painful (even with that drated boot!) that I didn’t go to Easter dinner either. So y’all eat some ham and coconut cake for me!
This doesn’t surprise me given how I learned to place and direct my sound, what parts of my body needed to hold the resonance in order to get the right tone and power and so-on.
Challenge # 98 Sketch
The Dalai Lama Tour
Open space
# You are not allowed to use any continues. If you do, you won't get Surfing Pikachu. "
Oh well... for now it will be nice to have a table to
Time has come to say goodbye
For in the end such church bashing does a number of regretable things:
The law will protect minors from receiving an underage possession charge if they are seeking medical treatment or if they are helping someone else seek treatment for an alcohol related emergency.
Yellow t-shirt, Penneys €13
Now, start unrolling your tape. You just want to unroll a small bit to start off with. make sure it's lined up straight. Then, carefully unroll and stick as you go:
-build a temporary back deck out of scrap wood (we have to redo the septic before building the nice one)
8) Cover with tin foil, and bake for about 10 minutes, or until bubbly. Remove tin foil, and bake for another 5. Serve and go yum.
Susan L. Blair, 35, East Brunswick, N.J.
de esta un papel decorativo. Luego, toma una cartulina blanca
I haven't been around much (again), but I haven't been comepletely procrastinating. Well, maybe just a little bit, but not overly so. I blogged over at my writer's group just over a week ago, for example. And in between getting sucked into everything from family life, to bingo on Facebook, I managed to set aside yesterday afternoon to go through my manuscript in order to submit it today for this year's ABNA.
This is a mess. The basket had shoes that he will grow into but as you can see that wasn't the best place to put them he loved to pull them all out. Walkers that he rarely uses anymore. Plastic tub has sippy cups, bottles. The rest is just stuff.
Not everyone who dresses like that (as seen in the picture) is a human trafficking victim, or is “asking for it.” The clothes are usually bought by the predators/pimps in order to make the women look more appealing towards customers.
But I went home and cried.
In order to do this, a change of diet has to happen.
Van Wyk also slammed managers for allowing corruption in the police’s supply-chain management function – dealing with tenders and purchases – to “chisel away at your money for years and years”.
I know what I WANTED to be.. When I was so young and idealistic.. But I am not young OR idealistic anymore.. And now, given who I am today, What do I want to be?
There’s really no way to reach me.
Best Adapted Screenplay
Once baked they’re texture is like a whipped shortbread and are delicious enjoyed at the end of a meal instead of a dessert with a small glass of sweet madeira (Malmsey works best) or a glass of late harvest sauvignon blanc.
Starting with white as their canvas, Lyndsay and Fitzhugh gave reclaimed materials new life – creating a couch out of recycled ceiling beams, the fireplace sculpture from wood scraps – and mixed them effortlessly with more contemporary pieces. An Ikea sideboard sits next to an Indian daybed, and a 1920s cast iron kitchen sink lives in a custom stone countertop. “The old materials,” Fitzhugh says, “help the new ones make sense.”
Anyway, my roommate picked up the book and I regrettably drank the Kool-Aid. While I wanted to see what all the hype was about and it gave me a good laugh because it was so awful it was awesome there were times when I had to put it down and not look at it for like 2 hours. How did this crapola get published? It wasn’t even hot, some of it was just downright disgusting. I won’t spoil it if you really want to read it and also because I may spew everywhere if I type it out, but if you really want to know what I’m referring to, I suggest looking up the band L7 and their 1992 controversy. Needless to say I read the first one just to see, but I absolutely refused to finish the trilogy. Not only because it should be called 50 Shades of Vomit with regards to some of the material and also the dialogue between the 2 main characters but also because the plot line is SO ridiculous. Does this woman have NO concept of time? How can all of this go down in only like a week’s time period. I spent a good 3 years of my life watching the soap opera Passions and 50 Shades makes that look like Masterpiece theatre. So just how far will I go to avoid reading the other 2 books? I present a list of 50 things I’d rather read than finish the 50 shades trilogy.
Having resisted the temptation to give my primary fictional characters German shepherds, I've given the GSDs walk-on roles in a number of novels. Dogs and cats weave in and out of all the books in the series. I notice I've had a particular fondness for black Labrador retrievers, which pop up in a number of books. Duncan's parents have a lovely border collie. One of my favorite fictional dogs has been Mo, the English mastiff in Where Memories Lie (Wm. Morrow, 2008). Mo was modeled on a real English mastiff named Big Mo. Big Mo's owners bid at a Humane Society auction for the opportunity to have him appear in a book, and I hope I did him justice. I certainly enjoyed spending a book with him, drool and all. I particularly love the scene where he eats the tub of ice cream.
Meanwhile Callie is working on a man who fell off a garbage truck during his work and his hand is severely damaged. She tells him that he might lose a couple of fingers when he becomes very upset. He digs through his bag to find his phone when he accidentally pulls out a tool. Callie freaks out, which is only natural since she’s giving him really bad news. Add to that the shooter Callie came face to face with and you got a solid reason to freak and she steps back. The man tells her it is not a weapon but he’s a wood-carver and he makes prints with the carved wood plates. He has a lot of downtime on his job so he takes his tools with him everywhere he goes. Callie is impressed with his skills and promises him that she’s an artist too and that she will do whatever it takes to save his hand. She does with a stack of hardware and says with lots and lots therapy she’s convinced he’ll be able to do what he always used to do.
Well somehow i was convinced by someone else that white would look bad with the cream cabinets. But in actual fact my heart told me white and now in hindsight i think, well i could just paint the cabinets so that they matched!
Leadership
“Witness the 1988 judicial crisis, resolution in 1998 against police brutality during the crackdowns against reformasi movement, Walk for Justice, etc,” he wrote in an email statement.
The tag indicated it was $59.99, but for some reason there was a pretty red clearance tag on the back for $24.99!!?? I'm embarrassed to say how high my blood pressure went up after I scaled the wall (I'm vertically challenged) and knew it was safe in my grubby paws. There is no question there would have been some hair pulling if someone else tried to nab it at the same time.
But regardless of whether it is bible study or chili, it isn't important to win - it's important to get up and go for it!
- total food energy
I think of seizure as a cat asleep
I lost my blog list.....
There is a charming painting of their domestic life, showing dogs and baby Princess Victoria, their first child, clustered around the royal couple, and one showing Victoria in her cradle guarded over by a little terrier. I imagine the cozy familial picture continued in their lives as the other children appeared.
"Orange juice"
Rejection letters come in many forms. I’ve had compliment slips that read ‘Not this time’ (a favourite phrase of editors and agents as if to imply that there might actually be a time). Then there’s the formal letter which is sent with every manuscript that doesn’t take their fancy. When I say ‘their fancy’, I mean the fancy of the eighteen year old trainee who they’ve hired to open every envelope in their slush pile and tip the contents into the Self-Addressed Envelope. I figure most agents are off cosying up to the next Z list celebrity to whom they’ve offered a book deal. This week, we’re told that £1.5 million has been offered to Peter Andre for writing a cookbook. A cookbook!
I started off with encouragement from both little bluebell and The Patchsmith. Using scraps from Pinky-Swoon, I had a bit of a head start, especially for the hst. I had a few already made up, so it was easy to trim them down to size. I really didn't find the cutting and piecing too terribly difficult.
Speaking two languages profoundly affects the brain and changes how the nervous system responds to sound, lab tests revealed.
Again I see the same Jesus calling those that labor and are heavy ladenned to come to him that they may have REST in Mathew.
Traveling through this world of woe
Or awaiting the next beating or rape
I had no idea how life could open up such a blessing in such a short amount of time. Danielle prayed for a little brother and God answered! It is hard to believe we are a family of four now.
I certainly don't see these poor kids in any colour. The girl will be
And this, ladies and gentleman, is what is so frightening. Is this what it's going to be like when he is no longer at the office and retired?
The presentation was by a mommy blogger/expert, who was sharing tools for women who were traveling (to the conference for example), and leaving their children with a caretaker. In the video, the blogger/expert, dressed in a lovely tan business suit with a patterned scarf, offered three tips for women traveling without their children.
My mini Shaman did not get much attention this month, but she is still plugging along. I am strongly considering getting her onto the BoAs bandwagon, simply out of laziness. She is melee and very gear dependent it seems, and I hate running back after she dies. lol No Ironman for you, sorry, hun.
--I sat in amazing seats at the UT vs. Kansas State game, and watched the Horns lose. Just not their year.
Here are eight ways you might be undermining yourself with your words–and eight ways to stop:
Written by: Joseph Ray / Daniel Stephens / Alana Watson
A few oddities: Here and there there is a very prominent and off-putting reverb effect on the drums, which I can imagine being added by some home remasterer (hey!) upstream of me. But I don't think so, I think it was part of the live sound that night, and it's just odd to hear. But I quickly got over it.
The November issue of Dressage Today magazine is the junior issue and a very good read. In particular, I was excited to see noted dressage trainer Courtney King-Dye offering critiques in the “Clinic” section – excitement that increased when she offered the following advice at the conclusion of her column:
A stricken look passed over Keith’s face. “I think it’s the least I could do, after Bill—”
Sean-nós singing is not to everyone's tatse, although O Lionáird has made a mission of popularising it, particularly with the Afro Celt Soundsystem.
"Increasingly, our customers have shown more interest in new technology and have expressed the desire for unique differences in their vehicles.
SO, 3 things are running through my head right now.
I’ve never liked the beer, but I did always find it amazing in bars how people could be persuaded to pay significantly more than the price of a pint for a titchy half-pint bottle.
I had to get up extra early to be at the clinic before a busy spring cleaning day at the museum. Many volunteers showed up..some windows were washed..dusting and vacuuming was done..and the Gift Shop inventoried. No not everything was accomplished. No one scrubbed the bathroom or kitchen floors. I will get around to it sooner or later. The local recycling Salvage Depot showed up to take some non artifact things off our hands, an old sofa that was avocado green velvet from the 1970’s, a number of swivel chairs, some old doors and sheetrock left over from a repair.
First of all, I have to say it took me forever for my best friend to get me to read this author. You know how you just get stuck in a reading rut? Same authors, same story, just with a bit of a twist. Well I am so glad that all that pestering (Christina) finally got to me. I started off reading the first in Pamela Palmers Feral series, Desire Untamed. I have to admit that it took a little while for me to get into the story. But as is the case with many first books in a series, it takes a little backtracking to bring the reader up to speed on where the author is planning to go with her story. By the time I picked up the second book, Obsession Untamed, I was hooked. Now, I realize that there are a thousand (that’s probably an undercount) different paranormal series out there, and the shape shifter’s have their fair share of them. I was pleasantly surprised by her “POV”, I mean if an author can write something that makes me forget all of the other storylines before hers, than I’ve found a winner.
Editables follow soon~
4. Resa over at Queen’s End is uber talented and fabulous and has a neat blog about fashion, life, the city, and art things. I like her unique perspectives.
This week’s challenge is to evaluate how realistic you efforts are for an unexpected emergency level evacuation of your home. In the case of a tornado or fire (of which many have been in recent news) it is necessary to not only leave your home quickly, but to do so with whatever you need to survive.
But it wasn´t really nice. The snow was very wet and sticky. Not good for sledging.
aforeside conform to Inventory and valuation thereof taken by Andrew Lorge, Licensed auctioneer and appraiser at Peeld Egg New Deer dated the 24th December 1875. £482.66
When I recently met up with Teaplayground, she had some goodies from Australia for me!! The bag of macadamia nuts was polished off very quickly so today’s post will just be the beauty related products =)
So what should you expect?
Nothing! Can you believe it? I think I'm feeling like I have enough on the go at the moment that needs to get finished. I'm not one who likes to have languishing projects, and right now I think I have enough to keep myself occupied for a little while. :)
My youngest son is 9, he has now created 3 websites, he did 99% of it himself, he asked a few questions along the way.
In prison, you get an hour each day in the yard to exercise and mingle.
Meanwhile, back here on the ground, I invented my own melanzane parmigiano recipe tonight.
On the subject of wildlife, I had a bit of an upset this morning. The BBC Planet Earth Live starts on Sunday and I am really looking forward to it. Part of the show is featuring black bears from Minnesota. Some of you will remember the most delightful three part film called The Bear Family & Me that was filmed by Gordon Buchanan, a Scottish wildlife photographer/camera man. The films focused on a little bear cub called Hope, and her mother, Lily. I had hoped that Planet Earth Live would give us a chance to catch up with Hope and see how she is doing but I learned this morning that it is thought she has been killed by hunters. A year old. And shot for sport. I am not ashamed to say that I had a good cry. Godammit, it makes me so angry.
Ale to the Chief. A 100% Brettanomyces beer reminiscent of a Belgian Pale, but hopped with American cascade and dry hopped. Brewer, Steve ‘The Breeze’ Breezly.
When I heard of Adam Yauch's untimely death it made me remember being a kid of the 80's.
So I know that this is all about Dan and I and our wedding and house and everything else that comes with getting married but I have something interesting for you to ponder.
After the deceased are put inside these coffins they are then brought to caves high in the cliffs where they join the coffins of other ancestors. The Segada people prefer to be buried in the cliffs than to be buried in the ground and have been doing this for more than 2,000 years.
I’m quite torn between turnover drills and fartlek. But I am leaning towards structure so turnover drills might be it. Luckily we still have time to decide. We won’t start on these until next week or so.
Don't worry I am not going to lay some anti-commercialism of Christmas rant on you. Rather consider this a tribute to all parents out there staying up late into the night wrapping presents only to face the terrors of some assembly required come Christmas morn.
By doing this I don’t mean to state conclusively that this is happening in any groups in particular. To ignore the possibility and, as a result, not prepare for such would leave one vulnerable and diminish the value and potential of the individual within the group. The information can also be used to develop individual and collective potential within groups.
Don’t you remember?
Amy Adams and Jake Gyllenhall make a gorgeous couple. She looks a bit nervous or maybe she's just peeved she didn't win (I don't blame her)
I started thinking about these three words when my Pandora station paused because I'd been idle too long. A little notice came up on the screen that said basically "Something went wrong. It's our fault. Please reload."
inFamous
I'm in the middle of getting a big contract ready for tender and have meetings flying out my ass like evil winged monkeys, so I've been steering clear of the interweb for a while and will be for a while yet.
16-Smash The Mirror
And the cloud that took the form
I feel very motivated and pumped! My fundraising page is still looking a little weak, but I am eager to get some fundraising projects in the works. Click Here To Donate!
'How to practice your religion privately while respecting the beliefs of others' might be a worthwhile seminar too, as well as 'being a loser doesn't mean everyone else is racist so stop complaining and get a job'. Some basic lessons on our legal systems, too, would be a prudent use of taxpayers' money.
A decade ago, fewer than a hundred distilleries supplied all of America’s domestic legal liquor supply. Today, we can boast four times that number. Well, “boast,” perhaps, is not wholly accurate. That growth has entailed missteps and occasional outright failures as this cohort of new distillers — who may have been hobbyists or working in wholly different fields five years ago — make the transition to more seasoned professionals.
When I was pregnant the fifth time, we found out we were having a boy and decided, based on lots of reading, talking to other parents, and talking to our pediatrician, not to have our new baby boy circumcised. I agonized over vaccinations – should we or shouldn’t we? The skyrocketing autism rates were scaring the crap out of me – despite the fact that our pediatrician and a lot of other people kept saying “There is no link between vaccines and autism.”
6)Refer a friend! For each order placed you will recevie 5 entries! Make sure your friend writes in the comments section, when checking out, your name so we can give you credit for the order.
Lt. General James N. Soligan, USAF (Ret.)
Letting go is an incredible concept to learn. I know this personally. I literally could not let go of the bed rail while in labor with my second child. I may have looked fully relaxed, but my hand was holding on to that rail for dear life. I felt that if I were to let go, the power of the contractions would physically sweep me off the bed. I was afraid. The contractions were stronger than my mind’s ability to control my body. But only when I was able to consciously give up my mind’s control over my body, and let go of the bed rail, then I was able to move forward in my labor and bring something new into my life. In life it can be the same. Only when we release our attempts to control what is not ours to control, do we have the ability to move on. It took me a long time to be able to release my tight grasp of control on my life and just let it flow through God’s river that is His plan for me. Letting go of our fears, of the things we can’t change, of our past, and our plans for the future. Letting go, and letting God take over can be hard, but it is what will usher us through the transition into a new phase of life. And the end result is worth it!
we celebrate three of the girls birthdays
But most of the frazzling goes on in my head as I ring up removal firms and start to throw away papers etc.
I bring this up because religion and sexual identity come up in Bill Cunningham: New York. Although the topics are treated gingerly (and fleetingly), they weighed heavily for me while I was watching the film. Again and again we see how Cunningham takes pride -- one might call it excessive ego-investment -- in his outward simplicity/self-effacement/self-denial. He rejects or dismisses offers of food, paychecks, awards, recognition, again and again and again. And he talks about this endlessly, which raises red flags of the lady doth protest too much sort. It feels gratuitous.
* Image - Sugar Nellie 'Verity'
In truth, there’s nothing special about DOOMSDAY that makes me hate you for not liking it, but for me, it hits enough notes that it makes for a good, solid, post-apocalyptic action film. I just bought the Blu ray out of the $8 bin (actually, the $7.88 bin) at Walmart and it’s a slick watch. DOOMSDAY moves fast, hits hard, looks great, and it has Rhona Mitra kicking ass. It doesn’t have the style or narrative strength of something like 28 Days Later, but if you like these post-apocalypse stories like I do, DOOMSDAY delivers.
Remember, you still have until SUNDAY to turn in your dioramas, and mine are not eligible for prizes*, because even that is a bit too narcissistic for me. Imagine how hilarious that would be though, if I made contests for you guys and declared myself the winner every time.
Uhuuuu we have business cards!!
New paths of fortune we can not find
Anyway... it's one of those things you can vote for, so, y'know, if you feel that way inclined and... well, this is awkward isn't it? Hmm. Well. Right.
until i get back here on a more regular basis,
So where does that leave us? Is life meant to be stressful by its very nature, full of events that send us into the stress response no matter what we do? Modern medical research has arrived at many partial answers that go part way to a complete answer. For example, three factors make stress more severe: repetition, unpredictability and lack of control.
Road Usage Tax
Riddle Answer: Lets go for a dip.
Please click on the links below for easy access to these posts.
wyner@thetwocentscorp.com
I made this pudding to use up some double cream leftover from the weekend. It's one of the easiest puddings in the world. Today I had the brilliant idea of pouring it into my ice cream maker.
“No you don’t,” Paul reminded him. Even now, in Paul’s own house, they had to keep up the unbiased mentality.
What are some of the things you have been trying that work for you?!
But the creepy things in the bottles, the lovely old labels, it's all wonderful Go see!)
WHAT: Celebrate North by Northwest’s 12th anniversary on September 4th with live music from Warren Hood and Jeremy Steding, entertainment by Nate the Great Balloon Artist and of, course, birthday cake! Brewers Kevin Roark and Don Thompson will be tapping two firkin casks of Green Menace IPA at 7 p.m. In addition there will be a limited release of North by Northwest’s favorite seasonal beers: Tu Helen Bock, Czech Pilsner, Summer Ale, Belgo Ale, Wit and Blonde Ale.
12:59 The disembodied voice of some woman tells us in Arabic and in French that the 12:50 train is delayed 20 minutes.
Ais Kacang, Restoran Kek Seng – a very unusual ais kacang. It was served on a plate instead of a bowl. The homemade durian ice cream on the top was the main attraction because it came highly recommended by Carol. Though I’m not a durian fan, I tried it anyway because I’m a curious eater :3 The durian taste was actually not that strong. I like the soft and light texture which melted very fast in the mouth. I suggest ordering this after meal. Otherwise, when the shaved ice and ice cream start to melt, it’ll make the whole thing looks like a flooded region.
“I saw turtles going North.”
For the past years, I’ve stumbled upon different reading materials. Some are written just recently. Some however, are dated back years ago. I don’t wish to have been able to be a follower of that reading back when it all started, when it was still in its active high state. All I could do now is just read it, and allow it to enhance the neurons in my brain and positively brush some thoughts in it.
Indian costumes on loan from our Bigtree Gift Shop: buckskin vests, cloth headbands, great blue heron feathers, great white heron feathers, chubby beads hanging off our foreheads and our hair in braids, gator "fang" necklaces.
However, there is one (generic) process that can read the log files – and that’s ANY process that has to handle data blocks. And that’s really why I wrote this note in the first place. If a process finds at any time that the buffer it’s looking at in memory is corrupt it may do real-time block recovery if it thinks the corruption has occurred between the moment the block was read from disk and the present. There are various flags and details in the buffer header that tell it that the block is dirty (differs from what’s on disk) and the redo block address (RBA) where the earliest known change to the in-memory block can be found in the log files.
My earliest memories are of trying to placate my mother. By the time I
BRAND NEW: Buy the Boycott American Women book. After reading this book, I promise you that you will never even think about dating an American woman ever again, or else I will give you your money back. That’s right, if you are not convinced by my book, I will give you a full refund!
Enjoy and have a fantastic weekend!
The Fifteen Year-Old Shaun
This feels like a year of change – I wonder just how much effort I will manage to put into it. Number 2 son is thinking of moving to Newcastle, number 1 grandson might join the army and I might lose weight. Of course there are modicums of other things that need planting or pruning in my life to make it completely productive and create serenity in my old age…oh but I am tired. I feel about 75 today.
ALPA saw it as yet ANOTHER way to cater to its seniority based obsession, by making life supposedly better for senior pilots. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to see that junior pilots would pay. Nobody knew how dear, at the time, that price would be. We do now.
Photos taken by: Pierre Eymard
A good deal of todays activity has centred around how I want to move forward with my photography. Mostly to do with how I want and need to improve my technique, how I should (re-)organise my archive so I can find images from past shoots easily and efficiently, and how I will need to take steps to promote myself a little more effectively than I've been doing up to now.
I’m hoping for Hope or Nancy to go home tonight… however, we could have a ‘scare’ if one of the frontrunners doesnt get enough support.
I recently had a client suggest that I write a blog post about Facebook. It was a reasonable suggestion given that it so frequently comes up with my clients. I spent some time mulling over what I wanted to say. I thought about how some people share things on Facebook that they’d never share so openly in similar face-to-face situations. I mean, would you really get up in front of 75 or 120 or 338 friends and say some of the things you’ve said on Facebook?
like Slender Sue.
I know he is my boss and I should not lose my temper but.... the man is an idiot. I roll my eyes and turn to Rob who is laughing
Cressida is happily married to Joe, has 2 young sons, Luc and Max and a baby daughter, Bonnie.
As for Patterson's People, this was their only single. If anyone saw them play at the time or knows what became of them, please feel free to enlighten me and the other readers - certainly, of the British acts I've heard doing material of this style from this period, this record makes them sound like they would have been a very convincing live proposition.
Radish red Paisley secretary shirt dress from CapriciousTraveler. Oh what a perfect style! So proper and secretary like, but very sexy. At first I didn't realize this is a dress, not just a blouse and skirt. I love how the red shirt pops! This seller has a TON of great finds.
I have to let her Announce it.. so HANG tight… hints will be out soon.. but here is one,
A voice inside tells me I'm not. It points out my failures and my shortcomings. It reminds me of the many times I've driven my children to school and forgotten a lunch, a note or their gym clothes. It tells me that that I'm disorganized and that I don't measure up to other women my age. It tells me that I'm a sinner unworthy to stand before God.
Doesn't that look so much cuter?
I was bribbing them both with suckers from the bank teller who had doted on them a few moments ago when they were darling angels. Now they were past humoring my To-Do list. We were on sucker number 2 and I was praying that the sugary balls of goodness would hold out, but I was ill prepared for the jam packed isles. I ran out of suckers and my once angelic daughter began tantruming (I swear I am a better mom than this sounds!) …but she began whinning at a glass-shattering high pitch and began yelling, “Mommy! Fucker, Fucker, Fucker!!! (Meaning I want a sucker of course – duh!) but yeah – I’d never said the “F” bomb in her life but here she was yelling it at the top of her lungs. Together her sister tried to imitate her by pounding her fists on the shopping cart and yelling nonsense while my oldest kept her mantra of the “F” bomb going. I was fresh out of those sticky sticks of silence and so I was “SOL”.
No music. No editing.
Almost Every night, violent vagrants are chasing each other with sticks, screaming and shouting and running into the road in front of oncoming traffic at night.
- undisclosed art project created by someone else
I don't ask for all that much I just want someone to care
that celebrated Ethiopia’s
Falt li le coer, le helme li embrunchet,
Or I am too much of saying performing hajr is a form of corruption. Gosh! I am not saying that. Don’t just look at what form of actions the money been used. But look at the holistic idea of the sponsorship. Let me put in a simple way, which I always try to explain to other people.
(Lion represents house of Judah, Purple indicates royalty)
Once again, we grabbed the keys to our room and pilfered the complimentary tea, coffee and biscuits, (Are you seeing a pattern here?), and then made our way downstairs to set up, grab a beer and write the set. It was at this point that the cheery, portly manager made his way over to our table and stated that tonight, the room had a few birthdays in and could we cater for them. Of course, this is the staple diet of function bands and we were eager to please.
8 cups chicken stock
Good Morning Everyone, Donna here (just got out of hospital mid week) with our latest challenge with the theme of Embossing, so we'd like to see some dry or wet embossing on your cards this week...........but before we get to the cards from the lovely Team A, the winner chosen by random
If not, its definitely on my wish list!
When asked if this meant Sime Darby was firing Zubir, Musa said: “The fact is, he has left as of today. It is up to you how you want to interpret that.”
lines without homes cracks & no bones
Reading level: Ages 9 and up
The mass media themselves also provide “experts” who regularly echo the official view. John Barron and Claire Sterling are household names as authorities on the KGB and terrorism because the Reader’s Digest has funded, published, and publicized their work; the Soviet defector Arkady Shevchenko became an expert on Soviet arms and intelligence because Time, ABC-TV, and the New York Times chose to feature him (despite his badly tarnished credentials). By giving these purveyors of the preferred view a great deal of exposure, the media confer status and make them the obvious candidates for opinion and analysis.
Yeah right.
Naomi lays the credit for her affliction squarely at the feet of the Lord. He has afflicted her (1:21). This is both true and false: False from the standpoint that her choices led to her consequences…and true from the standpoint that God is sovereign and is faithful to fulfill His plan. In fact…He is too GOOD and so FAITHFUL…that He will even ordain suffering/chastisement to bring us to our knees and turn us back to Him.
The professor then continued, "Follow me over to the shallow end, and then dump all the water from your bucket into it."
They pictures were such a hit, that I think I'll leave them out for students to use as a visual writing prompt. I'll keep adding to them as the year goes on too. If you want to images, you can grab them in google docs here or by clicking the picture above.
I worked with a doctor named Nitesh. A medical student in Florida who will soon be starting his residency in Alabama, Dr. Nitesh is a nice guy who generously made a point of giving cookies to the Peruvian kids who came to see us. Despite this kindness, he did not seem to mind that the English-Spanish language barrier meant I was the one who had to express sympathy and support to the patients who were having the most difficulty in their lives. If we had been in Lethal Weapon, Nitesh definitely would have been the hard-nosed Danny Glover character.
I can’t connect them.
This year for the first time my club Smethwick Photographic Society put forward two of my images for consideration by our location federation the Midlands County Photographic Federation. I was then very pleased when the selectors put forward both pieces to the final selection for the exhibition, representing the federation. I was then rather overwhelmed when I got a phone call telling me that not only were both of my images selected for the final exhibition, but that I had been awarded the Gold Medal for the best colour print in the exhibition.
POSTCARDS!
I was surprised that the brewery was worth less than 25,000 quid, including all the brewing kit. Why then was it first put on auction with a reserve price of £50,000? Were they being cheeky, or was this valuation unrealistically low? As we'll discover later, the brewery was eventually sold for more than the valuation. So I'd say £23,769 is definitely on the low side.
3 weeks prior to race: No cross training. No strength training.
OK well it probably could be but I don't think I could keep anything else balanced!
Chef Paul shows us how to use a really sharp knife. This photo also demonstrates why you should never anger him. He carries a large knife, and he knows how to use it.
While Atlantic Yards was brought up only a few times, it remains a context. Reprising remarks he made at another committee meeting earlier this week, board member Lou Sones observed, "A lot of people in this neighborhood have been basically screwed."
For my friends, the laboring moms: May your OB be on duty when you go into labor and free with the drugs. May your baby's head be small. May your partner know his place is to shut up and shovel ice chips.
So we went up to the lobby, and asked the korean usher. He again told us there were no tickets for us. He was trying to ask who left them so they could trace it back. Fil couldn’t remember the name, but he said that he thinks it was their manager or someone who’s name starts with L. Later on a girl came out saying sarcastically, “Ako? Ako nagiwan? wala akong iniiwan” (Me? I left the tickets! I didn’t leave anything!)… something like that.
Hope you will come back to visit often. I plan to add something here often!!
what more helped me in my english ?
Some of my favorite quotes:
Also Known As : American Poop Movie
For a thousand years she has haunted him—Ariana, queen of the Ilinas, a beauty of mist and light. His love, his life mate... Kougar believed her lost to him forever until the truth of her stunning betrayal left him bitter and hungry for revenge. Now she alone holds the power to save two trapped and desperate Feral Warriors.
BF: They were deliberately excluded.
If you would like to take the Photoshop CS5 Beta Test or the Adobe Illustrator CS5.5 Beta Test, please let me know and I’ll show you how to go about doing that.
I've missed being able to tell you all the mundane details of my life. Like how there's an hour of my life I desperately wish I could get back that was spent watching Top 20 Most Shocking Moments - the Backyard Boneheads edition with Jay. #12 was the story of a man who pulled his tooth by tying a string from his tooth to a board and then taking a hammer to the board. He said he used to use pliars but "it hurt too much". I would expand on that but there are no words.
Here's what I used:
TV: ROOT SPORTS–RADIO: 93.7 the fan
paprika
As readers, how much dialect do you want to read? Is it fair to use a little to indicate the speech patterns and then drop it?
"The courses now take place over a single year, comprising three modules for litigation and one module for advocacy. The dates are set out below.
What do you guys think? Is it always acceptable to kill the hero, or are there times when he or she must survive, no matter what?
There are а number оf avаіlаble hard drive data recovery services today. These involve hard disk repair services, data recovery software services, аnd ѕоmе more. The amount оf time that thеѕе avaіlablе hard drive data recovery services mау takе tо recovery аny lost files highly depends оn whаt type оf service іs done. As уou mаy know, therе аre the so-called standard, expedited аnd emergency hard drive data recovery services.
That would be just one more case of dhimmitude or acquiescence after so many others. So why not one more case of dhimmitude after halal?
I work Java on a few things. Then its time to set up for class. The class starts. Im not controlling Miley circling at all. I want it to be her choice that she stops this. Oh, I forgot to tell you this. Yesterday I took a lesson from Meagan. It was at someone's house and only a couple of dogs. Miley only circled one time. WhooHoo , I was so excited. Now back to class. It was our turn to run. There was a dogwalk, tunnel discrimination and Miley took the wrong one. So I brought her back to try again and circling started. It lasted at least 3 minutes. I just stood there waiting her out( feeling bad about wasting every ones time). She just kept circling with no change is speed. It felt like forever. She has never lasted this long without stopping. She finally stops. Im not sure how to reward. Give her treats or start running agility again. I chose to run. Then she jumps the DW contact. I stop. She circles. But this time it lasted about 1/2 the time then the first circling event. I did reward with food this time. People commented that they have never seen her do this. They probably just hadnt seen it to this extent. I normally would have called her to my side to break the circling so thats why they didnt realize how big a problem this is for me. But she needs to chose not to do this without me calling her.
Row 10: Sc dec over two sc. Do not finish off.
at age 53. Strange are the bolts of fate.
We usually spend 2+ hours at the mission. There is much to look at even if you are not photographing the way we do. Most of the missions have nice museums and some have historic excavations.
Hopefully we'll get this last bit of insanity with the Worthless Co-Worker wrapped up today.
Was anyone suggesting that Messrs Russell and Smith had acted against Rangers best interests? Is this a veiled criticism of Mr Whyte or indeed of Mr Johnston and Sir David Murray?
Still working away on character designs for the new look of Racer Steve and Princess Katie. These are some of the latest computer sketches I’ve come up with. I think we are getting close to a final.
American-style wedding cakes are also becoming more popular in France. The traditional cake here is a huge "piece montée" of cream puffs in a pyramid covered in caramel. Macaron pyramids are also pretty common here. The New York wedding had an ice cream bar in addition to the cake. I've seen dessert buffets in both countries, obviously dessert is important no matter where you are! Cakes in France, be it for birthday, wedding, or other occasion, always have these huge sparklers in them, it's like fireworks on a cake.
But not even a star scriptwriter could have spun such a gory tale of intrigue and cruelty. The Tribune culls out facts from the judgment to reproduce the events that led to Harpreet Kaur’s forcible abortion and Bibi Jagir Kaur’s five-year rigorous imprisonment sentence.
But more on that later. Because this weekend after Christmas was for catching up at home.
Stephen Whittamore was submitting material to the full range of Newscorp titles, without in one single case ever specifying only one newspaper in the stable. He was supplying almost an ‘Associated Press’ style espionage service to Murdoch editors across the piece.
INTERNMENT CAMPS
Step 2:Cover the embossed tag with a mix of distress stains using some make up foam or a real paint applicator. I used 3 different colors of stains, also you can see just 2 on the photo.
(Besides that, Gram and Gramp will be here!)
These shrines are, for the two-wheeled gladiators, their own stations of the cross.
(New York, NY) – Christian metalcore band For Today are kicking off 2012 with the nationwide headlining “Fight The Silence Tour” presented by HK Army and Substream Magazine. The tour kicks off on March 10th and will make stops throughout the country including the Never Say Never Fest, SXSW and New England Metal & Hardcore Festival before concluding on April 22nd.
Things I love to hate....
My little and ring finger go dead and are painful most of the time.
Rouse your power,
Style Pitfalls – This is great for characterization and realism but it draws away from one of the main focusses of the scene which is the secret. Add to that all the conversational features and this can be very difficult to pull off in that your reader’s attention may drift. The reader may not find it easy to read conversational features and may switch off too early to get into the plot. This really depends on the type of fiction you are writing and the way you want to present your character but take care not to overdo it.
Bonus: What percentage of the respondents use the internet to listen to music (round to one decimal point)?
amid a sweet pea scent
We talked of the options she had, and she always asked me to pray with her, which I did. I wasn't the only one she was talking with. Others also built her confidence; fed her dreams.
i wonder what i look like from the other side.
Pierre and I went home for the holidays in 2002. Christmas in Florida with both of our families (his parents came down for a glorious party and the holiday itself) and New Year's... where else? In Quebec, where they feast on a traditional yule log cake and put on the most marvelous talent show in the basement until well after midnight. It was fun... and exhausting. Pierre's family was bilingual, but of course, since their first language was French, they usually only spoke English when they were talking to me directly. I experienced a crash course in conversational French. I had bought a book and studied with Pierre in my spare time in Japan, but the book in no way prepared me for immersion into the Quebecois world. That said, they were wonderful people. I simply tired of listening so hard all the time to be able to participate in the conversation, and would crash into bed each night and sleep hard until morning.
Another synthetic identity ‘tailor-made’ to effect Fred Newman’s Grand-Socialist-U. S.-Overthrow Scheme.
consistent three-down player at the next level, Mike is an athletic defensive tackle who uses his short stature to his advantage, making
Ali Dougal looks at all genres, whether it be science fiction or romance. She looks at all books aimed at kids aged 5+ all the way to YA/Crossover books. She pointed out that VOICE is important. MASS MARKET APPEAL would be great. She is also looking for books that are GENUINELY FUNNY. Basically, she has to love the book so much, that she can champion it in-house. If a book is promising, but not to her taste, she will pass it on to a colleague who may fall in love with it. There has to be a strong sense that the author can continue to grow. Naturally, it would be great if the book has CLEAR COMMERCIAL APPEAL. The BONUS would be if the book has international appeal and can be sold into 5-6 countries. This would mean that the author can earn out their advance, and Egmont could regain its investment. The icing on the cake would be if a film option or the screen rights could be sold.
Rub the skin with olive oil and place on an oiled, foil-lined, baking sheet until you're ready to grill. (This can be done a few hours ahead, wrapped in plastic and refrigerated until you need them.)
But here's to hoping,
Then - on Sunday, I had the DAY FROM HELL. It involved a certain new fella in my life (Buddy), and Poo. I shall leave it to your imagination - but the poor lamb (ha!) has probably eaten some teddy fur which has caused some diverse effects. But the day started off with me having a coffee in bed, brought to me by my thoughtful husband - but because just going out had tired me out, I fell to sleep sat up in bed with the coffee in my hand, which I tend to rest on my chest, and hold with my chin. That woke me up and thankfully it wasn't piping hot, but I have scolded me in the past because I fall back to sleep easily (something to do with FM and having so much medication that makes me drowsy). OH says it's almost like I've got narcolepsy (but not quite so severe).
First of all, I want to share a new scone recipe with you. One that I happen to really like. It's good for you too, which is super awesome and all. And the best part? It doesn't contain garbanzo beans...
Demonstrations are planned for his stay here in Paris this weekend although the visit is generating more of a yawn than any serious agitation. (The exception being complaints about the terrible traffic and inconvenience due to closures of roads and certain subway entrances.) All of Europe is far more interested in soccer this week with the European Cup underway. For us Americans, it is a blessing to be ignored rather than embarrassed.
You are every bit as beautiful
Okay guys, go out and fahk the day.
Born October 15, 1992, Sam Twiston-Davies was still studying for AS-level exams at school in Gloucestershire, when he had his first Cheltenham Festival winner and Grand National ride as one of racing’s most accomplished amateur riders. The son of trainer Nigel Twiston-Davies and his estranged wife, Cathy, (who both rode as amateurs), Sam was successful in pony racing before starting in point-to-points in the 2008/09 season when becoming eligible at the age of 16. Within a few weeks, on December 28, 2008, he rode his first winner between the flags, taking a race at Cottenham in Cambridgeshire on Grenfell, trained by his mother. At Ludlow on February 18, 2009, he scored his first success under Rules when partnering Baby Run, owned and trained by Nigel, to victory in a hunter chase. A career that was bound to flourish gained added lift through Baby Run, for he and Sam went on to finish third in the following month’s Christie’s Foxhunter Chase at the 2009 Cheltenham Festival and later gained one of the season’s biggest prizes when teaming up for victory in the Champion Hunters’ Chase at the Punchestown Festival. They capped that in March, 2010, when returning to Cheltenham and running out easy winners of the Christie’s Foxhunter Chase. Sam then went to Aintree and partnered Hello Bud into fifth on his John Smith’s Grand National debut. He turned professional shortly afterwards. Sam has a younger brother, 17-year-old Willy, who took over on Baby Run in the 2011 Christie’s Foxhunter Chase, only to be unseated when leading at the second-last fence although he landed the John Smith’s Fox Hunters’ Chase on the horse a few weeks later. Sam partnered Hello Bud to victory in the 2010 Becher Chase over the Grand National course at Aintree in November and that same month gave Little Josh a brilliant ride to land the Grade Three Paddy Power Gold Cup at Cheltenham. He writes a weekly column in the Racing Post every Monday. John Smith’s Grand National record: 2010 Hello Bud (5th); 2011 Hello Bud (PU 29th)
The Journey
18.THE MAKE-UP "They Live By Night"
A change is due however. We need to move onwards and upwards for we are becoming infatuated with the sensations the physical gives us and are loosing our own base frequency as a result. The effort to increase our frequencies back to our “norm” is gaining pace. Earth, the centre of physical excellence, the only physical planet to have inhabitants of free will to work with it, is the focal point for this change. It may be hard to believe, but this one small physical entity, along with us, is pivotal in the effort to lift the universe from the physical frequencies. That is why there is more and more of us becoming aware of our true role in the universe, to experience and evolve.
Polk left the presidency a broken man and in ill health. He did not seek reelection. He died just over three months after the inauguration of his successor, Zachary Taylor (told you to remember his name).
Then, as I was whining on Skype to my mom about my search and she quietly told me the sweater was stored in my room in Africa (!) where I had left it about a year ago....
It was HIS experience with a highly repressive regime that had slowly built his inner-desperation; Police had confiscated his produce cart because he lacked a permit and beat him up when he resisted. Local officials then refused to hear his complaint. His act of desperation highlighted the public’s boiling frustration over police violence, living standards, rampant unemployment and lack of basic human rights. The protests begun that same day and then quickly spread across the entire region.
Tiny frail objects traveling slowly get turned into nasty bloody confetti when their paths cross those of large heavy objects traveling rapidly.
1. The Way (8:11)
Must have watched some fifteen/sixteen musicals in New York, London, Sydney and Singapore. And I enjoyed tonight’s the most.
Ultimate Comics Spider-Man #9
It’s possible they could be part of the energy storage system for the KERS, either as Li-ion Batteries or Super Capacitors (supercaps), or they could be an energy dump used to reduce the load on the battery when harvesting power under braking.
Copyright Karen Doonan, all rights reserved
a show for everyone else.
My ancestors were further from the harsh effects of the sun which others experienced near the equator, as a result we have whiter skin. People down near the equator (think Mexico, Africa, Southern Europe) were exposed to the harshest rays of the sun, and as a result over the many eons of evolution, their skin became darker to protect their skin from the sun. Now I don’t know who went which way. But, since rumor has it we all found our beginnings in Africa, I imagine that everyone started off dark and grew progressively lighter the farther away people moved away from the equator.
2 Anaheim chiles, seeded, diced
Let me know what you think?
As with all of the paintings on my list, this one has a story. During an ad hoc tour for some friends of mine about 5 years ago, I again declared the De Kooning the finest of all paintings. I was getting expressive. I was describing the scene in 1950 -- Pollock on the verge of his Life magazine article and not yet back on the bottle, the others Ab Exers still drinking and fighting at the Cedar Tavern, Gorky already dead for two years. World War II had been over for three years, and the drama in these painters lives came only from themselves. I told my friends how De Kooning was different from his contemporaries, more restrained, classically trained. I described the lines in Excavation, how they carve into the canvas like blades into a wood block. At that moment, a familiar voice, my Thesis Advisor David Raskin, said from behind me, “And why don’t you describe this painting for my class, what is the basic premise of the piece?”
TGIF! I hope everyone is looking forward to the weekend and has some fun things planned. I was so proud of myself this week being all organized and everything...getting a large project done for the LSS, picking up the rugrats on time every day, house not in too bad of shape, food in the house, bills paid and blah blah blah. And then I realized I forgot to post today's new release at Little Miss Muffet Stamps on time. I guess I won't be widening the door frames to get my big head through after all.
Once again, we haven’t really had the kind of squad continuity to play our signature game, but as we enter the last few months of the season we do seem to be combining better. If you can’t keep the ball after fighting so hard to win it you’re asking for trouble and dehydration.
Now at that time King Ethelred, the son of Edgar, ruled over England, and was a good lord; this winter he sat in London. But in those days there was the same tongue in England as in Norway and Denmark; but the tongues changed when William the Bastard won England, for thenceforward French went current there, for he was of French kin.
Throughout the years more activites were added to the concept of the egg roll. Near the end of the 19th century children were playing "egg ball", "egg picking" (which sounds like our modern day egg hunts), "toss anc catch" and "egg croquet". Eventually it became large enough that entertainers such as bands were introduced into the festivites. For the 1933 celebration Elanor Roosevelt was first lady and introduced more games. The modern day easter egg roll race of today (using spoons) wasn't started until 1974. At one time there was a circus, petting zoo, antique cars on display, Broadway shows and giant balloons (most likely air balloons) as part of the entertainment. The egg hunt pits were introduced in 1981 at the White House.
5. The audio and video recording rules are problematic as well. Again, decisions about access should not be made by the superintendent. It's not her or his meeting. And, again, as evidenced by this particular situation and many others, the lack of school system communication makes a requirement for five days advanced recording approval untenable. Having become aware of the proposed public participation changes (no thanks to the school system) just yesterday, let's say that I'm now concerned enough that I think recording is justified so that the public can witness what transpires at the meeting on Monday. According to the rules, I won't be allowed to record because, through the school system's fault, an approval request five days in advance is impossible.
If I bare my heart.. that is what I want… I don’t want to be angry… I don’t want to be frustrated… I don’t want to be bitter, or weary, or overwhelmed…
After that, William insists on bringing his father home to meet Jane over dinner. They bring home some steaks and wine, and when they come home Jane is naked behind a crate that is encasing the painting William's mother, Isabelle, sent him. They break the crate open. The painting depicts some glowing green circles and a spiral nebula against a black background.
You will move rocks back and forth.
1 t. your favorite curry blend
Domain: Sensory
More silence, until I said "Is Smith ok?" Please. Let Smith be ok. Please let it be "only an arm."
Short Prints
“John Starrs realised. perhaps better than most, that a true, lasting and just peace can only be brought about by the removal of the British army from the streets of this country. Not only did he believe this, but he died endeavouring to achieve it,” Mr Keenan said.
Slowly, reluctantly, the older girl slid from her roost and walked to the bathroom, looking deliberately at the floor. Mommy stayed for a moment in the middle of the kitchen, looking after her. The doorbell rang and she flew to get it.
The “Look East Policy” has become an important part of India’s diplomatic strategy.
As Mother's Day draws near, my thoughts turn to my mother who no longer is here with us. But, I have in my heart so much to say........
Generation) because it is only available when water is there from snow melt or rain. And yes, they can pump it back but it costs to do that. (Long Story).
Killer: Jason Voorhees/Cyborg Jason Voorhees (He starts as regular undead Jason, then gets blown to chunks and helpful nanites use available metal to make him into a cyborg. He's pretty badass after that.)
And with soft deceitful wiles.
12And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and the books were opened: and another book was opened, which is the book of life: and the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books, according to their works.
She had ignited a tiny flame in me; it was that old familiar flame of desire. As I felt it flickering inside of me I welcomed it like an old friend, unseen for too long a time. As we walked the flame grew and grew. At this bitter moment, her sweet kiss had kindled a need for her. Not the need that could be satisfied by a kiss but a need to be with her, be in her and be a part of her. I felt guilty that I was feeling this need to make love to her and seek the succor of her warm delicate sexuality. But I could not help it.
I am proud of the times when my head gave up thoughts of the past and the future and allowed my heart to live in the present.
Something else I never try to hide is the fact that I have never actually bought myself anything from Boden although there have been a few pieces in the past that I have rather liked (think last years leopard print flat sandals), I normally reserve Boden (along with The White Company) for purchasing my 11 year old sons pyjamas and swimshorts. The quality is second to none and you get such a great return on the items once they are outgrown and you sell them on ebay, so after seeing lots of Bloggers rocking this seasons Boden version and even reading the treads on mumsnet and the Boden community page about this particular garment, I decided that even with a 7 week wait list (gulp) both the price (£25) and the fact I managed to decide on my purchase using a discount code (M684) at checkout which made the top a bargainous £21.25 and also saved me £4 with free p&p, a wardrobe classic such as this IS worth the wait. Also bear in mind that I will completely forget that I have bought it by the time it arrives and it will be a very pleasant surprise!
(Laughter.)
To counter this, the ConDems have recently pointed out that they have convinced certain big companies to take on more staff, mostly it seems in large supermarkets. However, these jobs tend to be menial, low paid and fairly degrading. Despite seemingly endless profits the supermarkets still pay their shop floor staff a pittance. One job is also not comparable to another. Whilst shop floor retail jobs are often the same between companies, someone who has been a manager in an IT company is unlikely to want to accept minimum wage, graveyard shift work. The government has missed the point that people don’t want jobs, they want careers. They need to know that they are headed somewhere, and that somewhere has a larger salary than where they are now.
Add the mustards seeds and when they splutter, add the curry leaves, black gram and the asafoetida.
OP2 posts small blind of $2.50
I took the picture just as I finished my announcement!
Mal’haran felt a chill race up his spine and he recognized an otherworldly magic at work. The darkness surrounding Mal’haran changed into the land that he had claimed over a painful, grueling hundred years. The last time he was sealed away brought about so many changes and made it much more difficult to assert his power over the world. “Do you like what you see, Algaisia?” asked the Voice. He was compelled to answer truthfully and shook his head almost humbly. That just made his blood boil even more.
That there's been a gold rush going on ever since is undeniable. It's too early to say whether the rush has finished. On the other hand, it's starting to look like the gold has gone, and that's what I want to talk about. By 'the gold', I mean the better-than-average chances of success for authors who decide to self-publish.
Yes, I completely blame Navimie for this one. All that superhero talk sparked my creative juices and my OCD kicked in to the point I had to build this. For your pleasure, the X-Men (Alliance):
My son will be 14 this year. He has been taught by his grandmother that I am barely a parent. That since I only see him every other weekend, that means that I should not have any say in anything he does and that I have no right to make him mind me when I do have him. He has been taught that if he is not a christian he cannot live in their home, forcing him to choose between the life he has always known and change. My son has aspeger’s syndrome and he does not do well with change. He wants everything to just stay the way it is. So he does not have any freedom to explore what path he wants to follow as far as religion is concerned. He has been taught that I am a joke, that I am something to laugh at because I want to be his mother so much but they took that away from me. And he has been taught that it is ok to talk mean to people so long as you make them feel bad for not being able to take a joke because after all, its only words.
Availability : Spring & Summer Release
- I absolutely LOVE Mrs. H. I can tell she's an amazing teacher. She has so much experience, and I'm super excited to learn from her. She even invited me to go out to dinner with her tomorrow! How cool is she?!
1. What is Hong Kong Flour?
If it be contended that the work of God is progressing, and that we are growing in holiness, then some perplexing questions arise which will be hard to answer. If the Church is making advances on the lines of deep spirituality—if we are a praying people, noted for our prayer habits—if our people are hungering after holiness—then let us ask, why do we now have so few mighty outpourings of the Holy Spirit on our chief churches and our principal appointments? Why is it that so few of our revivals spring from the life of the pastor, who is noted for his deep spirituality, or the life of our church? Is the Lord’s hand shortened that He cannot save? Is His ear heavy that He cannot hear? Why is it that in order to have so-called revivals, we must have outside pressure, by the reputation and sensation of some renowned evangelist? This is largely true in our larger charges and with our leading men. Why is it that the pastor is not sufficiently spiritual, holy and in communion with God, that he cannot hold his own revival services, and have large outpourings of the Holy Spirit on the Church, the community and upon himself? There can be but one solution for all this state of things. We have cultivated other things to the neglect of the work of holiness. We have permitted our minds to be preoccupied with material things in the Church. Unfortunately, whether designedly or not, we have substituted the external for the internal. We have put that which is seen to the front and shut out that which is unseen. It is all too true as to the Church, that we are much further advanced in material matters than in matters spiritual (E.M. Bounds, The Essentials of Prayer, 33).
2) Teacher Appreciation Week- TAW is a week where various local restaurants dump fatty unhealthy foods at you, useless gifit certifcates are pushed your way, and administrators offer you halfway thoughtful gifts. Usually during this week, a local person comes in for quick 15 minute free massages. I missed mine last year because I was busy. If it is back this year, I wont miss it.
Relational.
And then one day when the death spiral began
I also came home recently with quite a horde of new steampunk fiction and after finishing the first, I am well and truly hooked!
My second interview today went very well, I have reasonably high expectations of being placed this job match day.
The report distinguishes between ‘professional’ and other content, including user-generated content.
How do we measure success?
Eight (8) Rich Buckler pencil pages from Meredith Bryan ("the last couple are very rough layout only," writes Don.)
Demetrius held her closer, stroking her arm. "Tawa went down honorably. But there's no time for mourning. Now is the time for vengeance."
108. Lay also good at playing piano and guitar.
Detectives with cadaver dogs said in July they detected the smell of human decomposition coming from the trunk of the Pontiac that the mother, Casey Anthony, was driving when police began investigating the disappearance of her little girl, who was last seen more than two months ago.
EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW — BY DAVID WILCOCK
I'd like to blog more and be more interesting. I don't know how to do this though.
Things I freakin' loved:
There were several sausage vendors there for sure.
The diff between him and me is a simple sip of British tea!
In any event, they stayed in Brooklyn for a few more years, until 1858, when Leonard moved the family, now including three daughters (though some believe he may also have been the father of opera singer Minnie Hauk), to a grand home at 26th Street near Madison Avenue in Manhattan.
2 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed
But that's not all. In 1993, Gonzalez's Rangers played in Arlington Stadium -- which was decidedly a pitcher's park in the early 1990s. In 1996, Gonzalez's Rangers played in the Ballpark in Arlington, which was (and is) one of the best hitters parks in baseball.
Our online service provides real time auditions for the entertainment industry, movie auditions, acting auditions, disney channel auditions, dance auditions, singing auditions, casting auditions, modeling auditions, film auditions, music video auditions, reality show auditions, and commercial auditions for casting director seeking casting for actors.
I’ve also been progressing details around an idea I had about six years ago which I’ve been trying to get off the ground since. My ACC has agreed that we should pilot this idea to see what value it adds:
When we “make provision” – when we make plans to get into the path of temptation – it will lead to sin. I see this often in marriage counseling. When one spouse considers the marriage to be over, the other spouse will pay lip service to the idea of wanting to save the marriage, but put himself or herself in places where he or she is likely to run into a sympathetic partner. That person then proves to be a temptation to move on to a new relationship. This type of behavior is an example of “making provision for the flesh,” not “putting on the Lord Jesus Christ.”
The implications of this claim are, I guess, that Virgin (who have, as Eoin points out, secured a few NHS delivery contracts) are using these "donations" to get the support of MPs. And that it's those evil Tories again! Unfortunately, Eoin doesn't provide his source, doesn't list the MPs (anyone want to bet several are former or current Labour front-benchers) and, by using a cumulative graph, rather obscures the most interesting point - since 2010, Virgin's donations have dried up. Indeed, the big surge in gifts and freebies from Sir Richard's businesses was from 2008 to 2010, when a certain Gordon Brown was the Labour Prime Minister.
The lighting is kind of wonky on this one and I'm not sure why. Anyhow, on the side we had a North American version of a Greek salad. Notice a glaring omission? No tomatoes. I cannot eat fresh, raw tomatoes. I have tried numerous times, but I just do not like them. If they're in a salsa or bruschetta, I can eat them, but just cut up and tossed into a salad, or in a sandwich, no thank you!
The Chicago Debate Commission (CDC) is the non-profit private partner to Chicago Public Schools in the administration of the Chicago Debate League. The CDC has been helping transform the lives of public school students in Chicago since 1995.
First "VIP Treatment" Nascar Championship Race.
Paper: PTI vintage cream, crumb cake, calypso coral, My Mind's Eye Six By Six DP
aapish tamne
This is a Twitter hashtag developed by highly-motivated American writer Johanna Harness (@johannaharness). She has made a website for it too Every day on Twitter Johanna asks, "Are you writing?" or "What are you writing?" and using that hashtag, writers reply. So often I have to modify it to #amediting or #amrewriting or #amthinkingaboutmybook. Johanna kindly says it all counts and it does.
I started off by cutting my muslin into smaller squares. I cut each big square into 8 little squares which ended up being approx. 5.5"x5.5". First things first, cut off all of the finished edges and do a zigzag stitch around all 4 edges. Muslin frays so I wanted to make sure to stop them fraying too much. You want them to fray a little bit to get the shabby effect but if they fray too much, your stitching will all fall out! You want to keep the zigzag stitches as close to the edge as you can. This makes the edges look like lace (well, I think it does anyway).
12:15pm: First batch of antibiotics, nausea pills, and pain meds. Despite being loaded with hospital morphine and hydrocodone, I was alert and chatty. I hardly ever get medicated and never recreationally, so this experience just underscored how my ADD brain just metabolizes the high and plows right on through to be normal.
you are good at? What have people complimented you on? What do you
Aside from the exposed exhaust, the only mechanical parts sitting out in the airflow are the clutch and brake levers. These being slab sided CNC machined alloy parts. It was reported that the team found the aero drag on the levers at top speed was enough to push the levers back and to induce some braking pressure. So they machined out a hole in the outer face of the levers, to ease the drag created at the lever tip.
He colors on his skin
- Top of the Pops TV show has been going for 13 years;
I also wanted to share my opinion on the Beautyblender sponge since you do see it on picture 1 of the tutorial. I know some people received the sponge in their February Birchbox but sadly, I wasn’t one of those lucky people. After hearing so much about this amazing liquid foundation applicator, I had to get it! I used my Birchbox points (box and feedback points) to purchase this item for free! Although it is a little pricey; I received 2 sponges for $25.95 from the Birchbox website. I know Sonia Kashuk also has a foundation sponge but it’s a thicker less squishy sponge and harder to roll along the face for that airbrushed look because of the groove in the middle of the sponge. You can get the Beautyblender sponge at Ulta, Sephora and tons of other places online. Its is very easy to use (wet it and apply) and its reusable! Another great thing is that this sponge does not soak up the foundation and waste product as the disposable foam sponges do. Beautyblender also makes a cleaner to go with sponge. The only cons I can think of are that it is pretty expensive for a sponge and it does stain.
Me: Haaaa! I am 31 myself. Sometimes 18. Sometimes 5. Sadly, my back is 102.
On my birthday, when you humored me by going to Disneyland with me, you introduced me to a song. Somebody That I Used to Know by Gotye. As we were listening to it all I could think was that it described our relationship perfectly. You made the comment that I was going to become “obsessed” with that song, and guess what, I did. Why? Because it described our relationship to a T.
1245 **D-IV/28(B)/1996. “Joseph, Lord of Dreams.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Alpine Valley Resort, East Troy, Wisconsin. (Incorporated in Item C-1998(12), above, pp. 580-91.)
They said to him, “We have come down to bind you so that we may give you into the hands of the Philistines.” And Samson said to them, “Swear to me that you will not kill me.”
And then time freezes...
I love a good discount or clearance sale, but sometimes there are discounts in a store that aren't advertised you just need to ask.
Forced on top of this exercise was a walk near Wrexham. Eliza describes it in her holiday homework:
One of the most incredible revolutions occurring right now is the massive drop in energy prices, driven in large part by the historic drop in natural gas prices. Alexandra Marks of the Christian Science Monitor wrote an interesting comment, With all this natural gas, who needs oil?:
gruesome snapping and choking, until the soldier goes limp.
Jang is omitted because he debuted in 2005. This omission kills me, because in terms of pure talent few can match up with Jang Kiha.
To create the flower, all I did was take about a foot of ribbon and hand stitched a running thread along one edge. I then pulled it tight and tied a couple of knots to secure it. A little fluff, a clear pebble and viola!
We see Senta first as a child in pink pyjamas, watching the waves through a giant skylight; she craves her father's affection, but he is unable to deliver any and pushes off to sea, leaving her with a book of fairy tales for company. The Dutchman manifests as her imagining, her interior living, if you like, of such a fairy tale - as children do, as we all do if only we remember, casting her father one of its characters, and the Steersman too - who sings his quiet song with rapt nostalgia and falls asleep on the floor, where little Senta covers him tenderly with her duvet. The Dutchman and his ship arrive in a terrific coup-de-theatre, he in full Mr Darcy getup, while the ship wouldn't disgrace Errol Flynn's in The Sea Hawk. And Daland's eagerness to marry the stranger off to his daughter without noticing that said stranger is one of the Undead is all too convincing, because Daland is a stranger to love and values nothing but money.
Prime Minister David Cameron said it was a "desperately sad day for our country".
These are a few tips, but I would recommend that you first use a scrap of material & practice a wee bit so you get used to it (& not ruin any of your lovely material!)
PLOT:
In a non stick skillet over medium low heat, cook the eggplant and squash in the olive oil until soft and starting to brown, about 10 minutes, turning heat up towards the end to caramelize the vegetables. Pour into a large bowl and add peppers, snap peas, tomatoes and scallions. Add an inch of water to the skillet and bring to a bowl. Add the broccoli florets, cover and cook 2-3 minutes. Drain and run under cold water to stop cooking process. Add to bowl with other veggies. Remove skin from chicken and shred into bite size pieces. Discard bones and skin. Add to bowl and pour dressing over to moisten. Wonderful served over brown rice. Makes 4 dinner portions.
The twitter is fun on the air pad because the screen is so much bigger than a phone. But again, this requires wifi, so do not expect to tweet your day away unless you have a wall outlet handy!
The £8.50 secured me no less than eight LPs, a 12" single, and eight 45s. Everything from funk (early Commodores), to jazz vocals (Dinah Washington), to Japanese Metal (Anthem), to reggae (Big Dread), to Cornish folk (Brenda Wootton and John The Fish with their album "Pasties & Cream"- I got two copies, am I mad?!), and most points in between including, of course, a bit of soul and r&b.
Of course, when you start a business, any type of business, you don’t have all the skills at the maximum level. In MLM business is probably the same.
So I returned the equipment to the shed, cranked up the truck and ventured to the coffee shop for the candy. They did well, after assuring me they weren’t sure the lady owner would remember to order it. She being, they said, rather absent minded and forgetful.
They can also find out about more about the origins of Bristol including the questionable history of this city which built its wealth on the slave trade. The M Shed benefits from a spectacular location on the harbour and has recently dedicated a whole floor to an exhibition on the slave trade which showed the horrible conditions that the slaves were subjected to.
First I got a few library books, which explained some basic beekeeping info. We still had many questions, though, so we asked a friend for advice. He is part of a beekeeping club locally and was a wealth of info. We asked more people we knew with hives and got some conflicting information, but also a lot of local knowledge. We found out what we'd need to buy, and what we could borrow.
‘But’ the friend says ‘although it looks like Kym’s standing by him, she’s asked him to tell her if any other girls will come out of the woodwork – especially from when he was away working in LA.’
Iz makes herself rather comfy on the sofa after she has got ready for bed, with her little blanket and her Peppa cushion for the show to begin and practically yelps with delight when it begins.
Police interviewed the shooter and others. No arrests have been made.
As a gorilla of independent means, I have not found it too hard to get humans to treat me with the same consideration they would show a member of their own species. And if any human is difficult to convince on this matter, I can always force the issue by hoisting him upside down by his ankles and farting in front of his face. But I abhor unnecessary violence and would much rather solve these problems through dialogue and education. So I say to humans who want to treat their animal companions with respect: Learn from Shaggy!
Dec 3rd – asks that you pray for the parents of the children that are in school. We came to the village after having very little rest and only profiled 30 kids today. George asked that everyone go home except the 30 families of those kids. He told them that we would take more tomorrow. They were afraid if they left, their kids would not get an opportunity to go to school in January. Bless their hearts.
- Schertz Air conditioning check-up / Schertz AC check-up
Schnitzel with green beans and dinner rolls
"India pale ale was invented by George Hodgson, a brewer at the Bow Brewery in East London in the 1790s, who took his pale ale recipe, increased the hop content considerably, and raised the alcohol content by adding extra grain and sugar.
Sydney to Hong Kong was pretty stress free. Adam took some anti nausea tablets as he felt really bad and i bought some rescue remedy lollies for me and the kids that seemed to help. Or perhaps they were a placebo, either way the flight went well. Both kids napped on the plane and I sat back and watched some movies I had been wanting to see for ages. The Inbetweeners and Bad Teacher for those who care.
I'm really excited about this book, and I hope to tell you all about it soon. But not now. I don't want to jinx it.
ET VOILA… HAPPY EASTER.:)
Is there anything I haven't fessed up to on this blog? If I haven't, rest assured, I HAVE fessed up somewhere and I expect somebody will re-print it one of these days. ;)
This week, please leave a comment and describe your recipe--what made you want to cook it? Would you recommend the recipe for a party? Tell us ALL about it!
"As well as boiling (wort), we're sitting there playing Brew-Opoly – it's all microbreweries instead of the real estate," Jeremy says. "And then we moved to Lyndhurst, where my brother lives, which was also my grandma's house, so it was her garage, and we'd brew and barbecue, and after we finished brewing, we'd drink around the fire pit at night. It was just about us getting together."
Lewis's goal is to reach 1,000 authors. As of this past Wednesday, over 800 authors had responded.
I’ve also vowed to stop grabbing onto the handles like a heaving rhinoceros every time I get a little short of breath.
(in complete shock and disbelief) "WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN SOROCABA?!? i want to TRAVEL! i want to see the world! I WANT TO MEET MANHATTAN."
The husband dined on a newer Arthur's creation that I plan on trying as soon as I can tear myself away from the Boursin. I'm happy to know they won't stop even with a smash hit on their hands!
From left to right the pieces are: goblet, champagne flute, wine glass, and iced beverage. The goblet is designed for red wines but often becomes the general purpose glass of the set. If this was the only glass you purchased, you could use it for white wine, water or iced tea without looking ridiculous.
Carson and Angie explained what possessed them to line up at the DMV for this, plus, we took your calls on the best license plates you’ve seen on the streets of Los Angeles:
Salt - 1/4 tsp
Texture – 5/5
I know this post is kind of rambling , but I don't know how to fully connect all of my thoughts right now. I'm just sad. I miss Anna. I hate that someone who loved life was taken out of this life so young. Anna was very religious and loved God so there is no doubt in my mind that she is in heaven right now. But at the same time, as much as she loved God, I also know that she didn't want to die this young. She had plans for the rest of her life that she will never be able to complete. She had hopes and dreams that will now never come true.
Unfortunately, I did not have any dragons. Why not? I'm not quite sure. Every mother should have a stock of miniture dragons handy just in case of emergencies. However, what I did have was a rather cute selection of sheep, which I had knitted after, Sarah McIntyre's, Vern and Lettuce book launch. See post: Vern and Lettuce.
This quote, “Well-behaved women seldom make history” is often mis-attributed; sometimes to Eleanor Roosevelt and, oddly, even Marilyn Monroe(!?).
The voodoo that runs throughout the book is the fantasy element and a high point. From the simple mind controlling and zombies crews to the fantastical Fountain of Youth sequence, the magic is integral and not too obtrusive, for the most part. Magic is both minuscule and able to be employed by the meanest of pirates and complex, reserved for the most powerful of practitioners. As an integral part of the plot it works and I do like Powers's "rules" for magic quite a bit.
Without further interruption... let's start with the dining nook. My plan for this space is to add pops of turquoise through art and accessories, so the color palette would be whites, aquas, and brown-grey/greige.
Dad said that we were going out for dinner the next day since he didn't want Mom to wear out completely. While we normally enjoyed a traditional dinner with all the trimmings, they set the example that year that being together took precedence.
Now, I realise the subject of renewable energy is one that has been discussed so many times that even someone who has gleamed the basis of their knowledge from the news can understand that there is no easy answer; but I must also press that I myself have an understanding of the situation that could probably be written upon the back of David Cameron’s hand. Just as long as he did not already have a list of witty anecdotes for the Eurozone meetings scrawled upon it in Crayola.
Beneath it all, desire of oblivion runs.
consent, in relation to the goods or services for which it is registered, the
There was barely time for Netley to restart the game after Ben Rowe's equalising goal. After sneaking the ball through a busy crowd of legs he was chased out of the penalty area by his team mates. He got as far as the half-way line before they caught up to offer their congratulations by wrestling him to the ground. It took two or three to knock him off balance, then he fell beneath the weight of the rest. Disappointment has been an unusual experience for Netley this season. Their players stood glued to the spot. Some of them looked down at the grass, others pointed fingers of blame at one another. It was odd to see them, a side who would have sealed the title with a win, succumbing to a last minute equaliser from a goal mouth scramble via a free-kick Kristian Hewitt admitted was far from his best. One of Netley's substitutes demanded they adopt a conservative strategy for the remainder of the game. “Keep the ball in the corners,” he screamed. There were five seconds of the match left.
I wanted to tell her it was all possible to achieve, everything her soul desired; if she’d only choose a path.
My Facebook told me
When was the last time you were read a story? I don’t mean the last time you read a book but the last time you shut your eyes and were read to. This book has that feel about it. You don’t feel that you are reading, you feel like you are being told a story and that is quite an achievement. Not all readers loved this book as much as I did. Their explanations are reasonable: the meandering nature of the work got to some, the seemingly constant digressions, its peculiarly eastern take on philosophy, the open-ended conclusion – all valid points. On Goodreads when I checked there were 97 reviews and their star-ratings are across the board; the dozen one-star reviews completely floored me though. I never expected to see that.
Julius Malema goes into a gallery.
Feels warm like it’s alive.
and the addNoteCommand event will fire the local function onAddNote.
Should you be so bold?
Since the Victorians – the coiners of the terms “white meat” and “dark meat” which they used in order to avoid saying “breast” or “leg” – Christians have found it easier to guilt others, and particularly their children, into an abstinence-only approach to sexuality, rather than attempting the much more difficult but infinitely more valuable task of cultivating a robust Christian ethic of sexuality whose chief attributes are gratitude and reverence. As a result, we’re known for thinking sex is shameful.
I figured I wouldn't blog until I felt comfortable with myself to blog for the reasons I originally
ISBN: 1612930980
So it’s not the most thrilling or romantic to-do list of all time, but it’s manageable. And that, given the amount of work I have to do, is about all I can ask for. Hopefully, a few months from now, I’ll be sitting on a towel, with sand in uncomfortable places and sunburnt skin peeling off of my face, feeling like I’ve had about all the vacation I can handle.
My mind is playing games with my diet and my head is not doing it 100 % and as a result I am not getting any day 100 %.
His lips were a temptation. . . .
The world was wide open
The following review is offered as part of the Tuesday’s Overlooked Film meme hosted by Todd Mason over at his Sweet Freedom blog and you should head over there to see the many other fascinating titles that have been selected.
Soundwise, this 1987 tape is classic BASF chrome. Super-bright and transparent, with an 1980s glassiness to behold. There’s some really good music on the cassette, featuring an acoustic piano and vocals, which I recorded straight to a stereo deck. Sadly, though, the record level was too high and there is some distortion. The level would have been fine for some other tapes I was using around that time, but these real CrO2s couldn’t handle high volumes. It’s all part of the nostalgic package, though. A taste of what I was doing as a youngster, 25 years ago. It really doesn’t seem any time at all. In another 25 years, assuming I’m still around, I’ll presumably be a pensioner. Life, blink of an eye, etc. Scary.
BF: I was a financial journalist for 25 years. This is all public-record stuff.
Do some self-editing. You know it’s a good story. Now go back and give it a polish. You have a unique set of quirks or things you do in your writing that you probably shouldn’t. The 10% Solution: Self-Editing for the Modern Writer
Has anyone read this newspaper? It's hilarious to read it every week. I think I'm going to apply to write for them - this stuff is right up my alley!
We put this sacred secret snow
FF #84
Preheat oven to 325F
First, there were the assholes who just stop/stand in the middle of the fucking walkway. Have some self awareness, people. Others are trying to walk, and you're clogging up the arterial like the cholesterol that's going to give your fat ass a heart attack at the age of 52. My favorite, though, were the stroller-cunts walking WAY to slowly in front of me who said, and I quote, “We can just act like everyone else and stop in the middle of the rode.” I swear to you that if, for some reason, I happened to be walking with an ice pick at that particular moment, I would have jabbed it in one of their necks. Then pooped on the baby.
Maintain a GPF advisor capability; look at combining 162d BDE and the Security Assistance Training Management Office (SATMO) as proponent for GPF advisory capability. Our Special Forces remain our primary combat advisor force. But unless we decide to increase the number of SF Groups and expand SF capacity, we will need more conventional types (GPF) to execute the advisory missions that the NDS addresses. We currently have GPF advisors in a variety of areas like Saudi Arabia, Egypt, and Columbia. The Army is standing up regionally aligned brigades (RAB) for advisory and theater-cooperation missions in Africa beginning in 2013. The advisory mission is a less-expensive yet effective way of maintaining our presence in areas of interest around the globe. We ought to consider such duty as important as developmental positions (perhaps as important as key/ command billets) given that such duty affords one the opportunity to shape foreign military leaders and potential future national-level leaders (as a result of his previous advisor assignment, current JCS Chairman and former Program Manager for the Saudi Arabian National Guard (SANG) modernization program, GEN Dempsey, maintains good relations with King Abdullah, the current king of Saudi Arabia and former commander of SANG).
The BumGenius 4.0 One-Size Pocket Diaper is stuffed with 2 newborn inserts. It adjusts with a snap up rise and the stretchy tabs allow for a really custom fit around the waist. These started fitting Emmett (who has very skinny chicken legs) right around 10 pounds. These are also available in a hook & loop closure.
I missed posting so much,I was having alot of problems
I absolutely love doing all of these things, but it hasn't left as much time to post and visit my blogs.
You didn't want him to have that job or that vote in the first place. He is already an outcast in his mind. Had you had your way he would be unemployed right now thanks to you.
Make a small tester patty and saute in a small saute pan. Taste and adjust seasoning as needed.
FIND YOUR BLISS.
Place all the cooked ingredients
The Official SCOAN Website
As we piled into the kitchen, muddy and breathing heavily, Mr. & Mrs. Zelinka looked up from the table.
To me it struck me as a little odd that the military would be helping in what comes off a recruitment video while Obama is publicly saying he’s going to try and slash the budget to reduce the military to what would be an anemic level. I thought that since the military brass probably had some inkling that his proposed cuts were coming then the generous level of help in this video was a not so subtle cue to Obama that it is our troops not drones and computers that make this the best fighting force in the world (but Obama would have to live in reality to realize that)…it also comes off as a bit of slap to people like Rick Santorum who think women have no place in the military and should just stay home barefoot and pregnant (I still say Santorum should try that line about women not being fit for combat to the face of any armed female member of the military and see how long he lasts).
The design is by Goos Nest and called Antique Chalk Rabbit. The original had a black rabbit, but I went with DMC linen thread, color 4145. I really like how it comes out in animal pieces.
- ice cream sundae for dessert tonight
15. Augustus 2009
ARE YOU ENGAGED? STARTING TO PLAN YOUR WEDDING? Why not plan to have this nail look on your wedding day. Beautiful.Simple. Elegant.
I need help on deciding how to finish these. Let me know what you think.
An album has always been limited to and by technical means. I mean, when you don’t have the money to record and manufacture a 3hrs long release, you’re gonna, if you’re lucky, split it in three parts and release each part one after the other, sometimes with a decade in between each. That’s exactly what France’s Supuration have been forced to do with their “Cubic Trilogy” for example.
As the moon rose over the crimson stained battleground, both commanders were still locked in battle with one another. No one ever managed to find records for the battle. Some say there was a lone figure standing atop many fallen brethren, some say the battle never truly ended. Say what you will about it, just say and echo until the next IPA Wars that it was a war of epic proportions!
Luckily for me, my two closest friends here are also race fans and wanted to go to just as desperately as I did. We purchased concession general admission tickets which were fairly reasonable (can I please be a student forever?) and were prepared to make a day of it at the race circuit.
Goober and The Man climbed aboard the ride and were strapped in safely and sat in anticipation while the rest of the riders buckled in. Once everyone was strapped in, the ride began it's ascent.
#16 The ECB is not going to be able to buy up debt from troubled eurozone members indefinitely. The European Central Bank is already holding somewhere in the neighborhood of 444 billion euros of debt from the governments of Greece, Italy, Portugal, Ireland and Spain. On Friday, Jurgen Stark of Germany resigned from the European Central Bank in protest over these reckless bond purchases.
Strike a match,
Allow me to preface this post with the following true statement: I love my dad. He and I have always been close, and he is an excellent father. His is intelligent, kind, generous, and responsible. He also has a strong sense of integrity. Because I know these things about my wonderful dad, I can say that when it comes to cleaning…my dad gets kind of crazy.
Article 7
Turns out, the Bird’s the real thing and did have a shot at the Triple Crown — until this tomboy filly, Rachel Alexandra, showed up at Pimlico for the Preakness Stakes yesterday. She had 5 straight wins behind her, all run under the Bird’s Derby jockey, Calvin Borel. For the Preakness, Borel defected back to Rachel, predicting she’d win the race.
The kind of relaxation we are looking for, we all yearn for- does not exist on the side of a volcano, in a rare flower, or on a desolate island far away. That kind of relaxation exists within each of us and is ours for the taking if we’re willing to put in the effort.
I actually sewed my first pocket and attached my first elastic to a pocket with this first one!! I was so proud of myself, I didn't even follow any tutorials I just did some thinking before I started. Actually after I cute the arm holes out in the pillow cases, I noticed that the material I had just cut off of the pill case was shaped like a pocket and that's what started the whole thing :)
As we crossed the border
So today I have the fifth page from my Christmas journal for you:
To everybody
What Charlie and Ann don’t know is the husband survived though he is comatose. What Ann doesn’t remember is that she is the one responsible for the assault.
His freakishly amazing sack race skills landed him in first place...or second...we never quite figured that out. He and a distant cousin of mine dove over the finish line and I think it was determined that they both simply deserved accolades for their crazy sack race efforts!
Ah, Microsoft…
Poi s’ascose nel foco che gli affina
hooray it was all over 3-0 to beer.
Shot with studio lights against a white seamless backdrop.
1975: Tony Perez (15th)
These days, we’re in a bit of a tizzy ourselves, getting ready to commemorate the Centennial of that event — a major one by the standards of any small town and, you could argue, in the history of Florida and the nation. It was certainly a remarkable achievement, crossing mangrove swamps and open water. Crews endured hurricanes, mosquitos and the relentless humidity of the subtropics — without the modern comforts we take for granted now.
What I’m going to share with you today is not a dish, but a dish complement instead. It’s the pork lard, non-halal food.
Instead, address the action: “That was thoughtful to share your toy” sending the message that her acton lead to a good reaction and she had control over making that happen
And although Daphne is excited, she’s quickly overwhelmed by all of the support and fanfare from the deaf community. As much as she wants to be, as she tells John, just a girl playing basketball, this is an event and a moment of pride for the extended family/community she is a part of. In fact, at the hotel, she learns people traveled from as far as Houston just to root Carlton on. As the star player, it’s a lot to bear on her shoulder. And then, based on an “anonymous tip”, she’s nearly disqualified for not having been a consecutive Carlton player for the past six weeks. Melody gives an impassioned speech about what it means to the community and Buckner relents to let Daphne play for Carlton.
I've never had so many people notice me. On one hand, it's a bit creepy to me that people are looking at me...on the other, people's concern (I'm hoping it's concern and not nosiness) gladdens my heart. It means someone cares, right?
Since it was past midnight when I was brought to my room, and my friend was beat, she decided to stay with me and help me out. I am so glad she did, I can't imagine being there by myself that night. The nurses came in and did their thing, and by 8am I was going to get my rear-end to NICU. I got out of bed and tried to dress and clean and all the other things you need to do after a c-section; and let's just say my friend and I are bonded for life and I can never disown her because she knows too much. And thank God for narcotics so I don't have to remember any of it vividly - just a vague recollection.
I absolutely love the style of the shoulder bag and I could not see any wear. I think that the value is excellent!
in at home...of course, you'll be the
After I had been making this AB for awhile, I discovered sewing on paper. Both the front (or at least I'm calling this the front)
Geranium ‘Rozanne’ – This 2008 Perennial Plant of the Year was discovered in Somerset England in 1989. It features large (up to 2.5″ wide) blooms of violet-blue with a pronounced white eye. These are borne from May to September over deep green foliage that takes on bronze-red tones in autumn. ‘Rozanne’ is deer resistant and grows 16-20″ high. Zone 4.
IT SHOULDN’T MATTER!
Not surprisingly, since her disappearance, «numerous» communications from individuals claiming to have seen the child in different parts of Spain have been made. Nor this is the first time that Malaga appears on that map. Another source that we've consulted said that months ago another information that also placed the girl in Axarquia was discarded.
But before the iron could draw blood, out soared the poisoned arrow ;
The Treengar Jungles is a very dangerous region, it went relatively left alone (for the time being anyway) by the invading forces, who suffered more than expected casualties by entering it. Seeing as the proportion of casualties were not worth sending more in there, the invaders decided to deal with it later.
AleSmith Brewing Company Wee Heavy
And, yes, Ronald Reagan in the 1980s talked about simplifying the tax code, lowering rates across the board and eliminating myriad and byzantine deductions.
Over the past year, Rigby has gotten so much better about trying different foods. And one thing that she's started doing is going through cook book and cooking magazines marking recipes she would try. Her system is pretty simple, if it looks good in a picture, she'll read the ingredients and then decide if it's something she would try. She saw this recipe in Cuisine at Home, and thought it was something she might like. So I made it. She wasn't a fan of the cauliflower, mainly because of the leeks. She also has a firm belief fruit should not be cooked, ever. I personally loved the combination of cauliflower, apple, and leek. I also liked the fact the entire combination was roasted in the oven. Overall, not a bad dish. As I sit here typing this, I'm not certain of hubby's take on the dish as his portion is in the fridge covered in foil, waiting for him...
(28) The case that the purpose of the writers of biblical literature was not to give objective accounts of the past but to meet the needs of their contemporary audiences.
even explained she "needs" to be exposed to some things
I don’t know why I didn’t blast him. I couldn’t. I just see him as flawed. He did love me. I know he did. And he probably did most of what he did because he was weak. I have a soft spot for weak. My husband was weak too. I always made excuses for him.
In a limited sense, I am a conservative: I am quite willing to conserve what is good and I am against changing things without justification. This is, of course, a reasonable position: to infer that past idea, morals and values are incorrect simply because they are old is just as fallacious as assuming that they are correct just because they are old. The age of such things, at least by itself, has no bearing on their goodness or badness. As might be imagined, being a conservative in this sense is not what people usually think of when they think of what it is to be a conservative. After all, someone who thinks that something should be conserved on the basis of rational arguments for its goodness just seems to be, well, rational. As such, a mere willingness to conserve what is both old and good does not seem to be enough to count as a social conservative. The question is, of course, what more is needed.
Saturday am was bright after sleet and 1 degree at midnight last night.
and Grace will lead us home.
But more often than not, at least in United Methodist circles - (and other circles as well, from all that I’ve read) – men’s ministries often focus more on making worker-bees out of their men rather than making disciples.
My mother tells me of a cold day when he came home from work in the downtown core of Toronto without the big wool sweater his own mother had knitted for him and sent overseas. When my Mom asked him where the sweater was, he responded, “I saw this fella who looked really cold…”
Earlier, in response to the initial accusations of superficiality, John had pointed to the frequent apocalyptic references in the novel: it begins with Andy remembering seeing the eclipse of the sun at the age of fifteen, and Dag is fascinated by the nuclear test sites in Nevada and brings back from there melted sand which terrifies Claire in case it's still radioactive. Their dreams and stories are full of death and nuclear annihilation. Towards the end Andy sees the smoke from farmers burning their fields and thinks it's the fulfilment of his nightmare, a nuclear cloud. Trevor now spoke up at last and said with a great air of reason and calm, which at long last made people shut up and stop interrupting, that in his opinion this book, far from being superficial, was about very serious, important and current matters: the ruination of the world and the wastage of the lives of future generations through environmental pollution, financial collapse and nuclear threat.
The fog lifts and you are standing again in the fields of Elysian. The temple is gone. Now open your eyes. Look to me. Look at me. Look at others about you.
"I can't believe he already sold the Jag--she's hardly cold yet!"
- Queries that have no clue what the agent represents
She was Tara, green like the emblem in the blue dawn of fire
Now with the shiny side down, position the freezer paper stencil where you want it on your Onesie. I made mine a little off center and a little tilted.
Published by Ozark Mountain Publishing
Over the years, I’ve received a fair number of notes from military families who appreciated seeing folks like themselves depicted in the pages of a tween story, though many wondered why such books are so rare.
“You’re too big.”
The flick effortlessly globe-hops and time jumps so that we may see how Largo, the infant adopted from the orphanage, grew into Largo, the smart, self-assured billionaire who is good with a knife, his fists and the ladies. Ostensibly an origin flick, THE HEIR APPARENT never bores, even with all its talk of financial intrigue, takeovers and double (triple?) crosses. You can tell there's more to the backstory, but director/co-screenwriter Jerome Salle wisely keeps things moving at a rapid pace (it clocks in at an easy-to-digest 108 minutes) and I never felt the flick dragging.
Don't stop rocking now, no waaaaaay”
Hello - busy weekend... again!
Should really,
Mosey also has an incredible ear for music like I do. I have lost hearing in my left ear yet can always "hear" music that other people can't, like in a loud restaurant or music coming from somewhere far away. Moses has a deep love for music, as soon as he hears it, he comes whipping around the corner to find where it is coming from, or when I am singing to him, or Chris is playing his guitar, he just stops and stares at us. he loves it so much, and to see someone so little and young respond to something he loves is just the most magical thing. Vae has that same love for flipping off of things. :)
Dream shook her head,
“Although the former vice president and his family do not know the identity of the donor, they will be forever grateful for this lifesaving gift,” aide Kara Ahern said in a written statement.
Since publishing, that post has received a steady stream of comments from Teva Living customers who are having a terrible time getting their orders fulfilled and reporting generally bad customer service. Many have been waiting months (yes, months!) for their orders to arrive and seem so dismayed by the situation, they aren't confident they will ever receive their merchandise. I decided to do this follow-up post to alert anyone who had learned of Teva Living from Honey + Fitz and hadn't been back to that original post and seen those comments.
8. Banging Shutter
Luke 22:41-46 describes this time, and says that Jesus prayed that “this cup be taken from me.” This phrase might be interpreted to mean that Jesus would like to not have to go through the upcoming torture and death. It may, however, refer to the fact that the physical pain he was suffering was going to kill him too soon, before he could die on the cross. The idea of Jesus praying for strength to continue parallels with Heb. 5:7-8, which says that he cried out to God to be saved from death and that he “learned obedience to the Father.”
General Manager David Poile laid the hammer down hard on the two Eastern European players, extending this message to both the press and public:
alongbine: If we ever get the chance to be in the same room (physically) comments like that could be dangerous for you – I’ve gutted a deer more than twice, so removal of YOUR equipment would be easy.
Be conscientious that you are purchasing a two speaker system that does a remarkably decent job producing great surround sound performance. It is by no means the top of the line, however for just what it offers, you cannot beat the quality Bose provides.
The papers were not a diagnosis but they answered a lot of questions I had. It was a start. The results? Gilliam Asperger’s Disorder Scale – Standard Score 82.
Strength: This is the most talented team in the nation. On offense, it has guys who can go of the dribble, guys who can play in the post and guys who can shoot the trey. Defensively, it has great perimeter defenders and Anthony Davis patrolling the paint. The Wildcats haven’t been challenged often, but when they have they responded every time because they have guys who can execute on both ends of the court. It’s very hard to see them losing.
One day can be good if it is all that you desire.
I start by popping popcorn in a large stock pot on the stove, which is so easy and fun for the kids to watch (especially if you have a clear glass lid for your pot). Now at this stage, the popcorn is already delicious - you could just add some salt and drizzle on some olive oil (or drizzle on Giada's rosemary-infused olive oil - so good!).
Danika
We're not design snobs here in the House of the Frugal Decorator. We have $300 Italian lamps beside $50 Ikea ones. We have a $400 Bose iPod speaker on a $40 chest of drawers (found at a garage sale and painted matt black to match). We have $1000 Bruno Benini fashion photographs next to my rough old amateur ones. And we have a $250 limited edition Louis Vuitton book (a gift from RR) sitting beside $1 titles found at The Strand in New York.
My direct supervisor (very astute) immediately responded with:
The staff watched the scene before them in fascination. The DeLong’s often hosted dinner parties, and once in a while, had others over for a “couple’s party”, but never anything to this extent. Cocks swelled, pussies grew wet, and with raised eyebrows and exchanged looks, the staff sent the message that they planned on partaking of each other in the same fashion once the night was over.
This isn't even the first time that this has happened either. The first time this happened was about three months after I got it, the screen started to flicker like crazy. Dells support was no help in the matter. They told me that I had the wrong type of charger. Idiots, completely fools who only read off of scripts and don't really handle your problems. I finally made them send over a support agent to fix it after yelling enough, they told me I was right and that the screen was completely busted, they replaced it on the spot. It then happened a second time, only it was temporary, and like an idiot I ignored it. That was about five months ago. Now we are at this point where its been four days, this is not going away. I now have to sink my own money into repairing it. If it was a desktop, I would be ok with it. It's easier and cheaper to get parts. But not with a laptop that was incredibly expensive to get at the time.
College stations started to pick it up as well, but before long, mothers started picketing the stations, trying to get the song banned because of the lyric, "He just wants to pop my cherry." The song received airplay in Austin as well, on the local KLBJ. In fact, Lady Bird Johnson was listening one time and called the station demanding they never play the song again. Eventually they went in the studio to record over the one line to make it more suitable for radio, though the censored version was never released as a single.
Wholesale Trade, Durable Goods
This photo was taken late in the afternoon. I had gone for a hike with my dog (we had even met up with a black bear, which was both scary and a dream come true (: ), and we ended up at this lake — just me and my dog and some ducks. I was busy taking photos when I noticed a rainbow, and then the train came in, and I though, “Oh, this is good.”
Art is in my blood. My grandfather is a painter. My mother is an artist. My father is a writer and a musician. Nathaniel Hawthorne is one of our ancestors. My siblings and I are all naturally artistic. One of my sons is a poet, one is an artist, and one is a brilliant film buff. Please allow me to brag about a few things.
Premise #4: The only sure-fire way to kill a zombie is to destroy the brain somehow or otherwise cut it off from communicating with the body.
Little buggie thanks you too.
And now... Drum roll please... Can you feel the anticipation? Take a breath - I sure had to! My latest famous quilter to scratch off my bucket list - Eleanor Burns!!! (...and the crowd goes wild...) Eleanor was this year's special instructor at for the quilt show event. Every year they bring in someone fabulous to teach classes for several days before the show and this year was no exception on the fabulous. I wasn't able to take any classes, but I did snap a picture and get a hand set of rulers that included a 2.5" fussy-cut square. Sooo made my day!
He leads them to the city, pointing out the master smiths, the fully stocked shops, and they personages of the city. The party meets the shifter Worgen brothers, the dwarf Hammergun clan, the elf Fluival, and the gnome Chownibulus to name a few. Any goods can be bought and sold in D Argent, and the heroes are welcomed to go exploring. A festival will begin soon, to which they are invited to participate, especially since they are the instigators of the Festival at the End of Time by slaying Gagnasdiaks undead soul.
On Tuesday, January 24, 2012 at 3:19am I gave birth to two beautiful preemies:
A great war leaves the country with three armies - an army of cripples, an army of mourners, and an army of thieves. ~German Proverb
this is going to be the event of the year and not to be missed
I moved to a new city in Feb,2011. As soon as we moved, I started looking for a job right away. Networking, meeting people – the usual job search routine. Somewhere when the job search had picked up momentum, I found out that I was pregnant. Now that got me thinking what should I do – Should I tell people I am pregnant or should I just stay quiet. I read a lot of posts online regarding how to break the news of my pregnancy - should one of my searches materialize and decided I will take a call when the time comes. However in reading these posts, I realized that it was illegal for anyone to discriminate on the basis of my pregnancy and that I had every right not to tell them of my situation. However, a lot of people had taken the offer in hand and before accepting let the manger know that they were pregnant. Most of them had all ended up with their jobs and the situation seemed all good.
feeling amidst chaos (Spring, Spring, you do something to me),
recap, I got to 104.6 and STAYED THERE for 3 weeks!!!! then i gained to 105.9 last week (AF water retention) but this week 102.4!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
f) the movement of tertiary organisations into distance education for the schools sector.
the treasure in it. I realize now
Thanks again everyone who has read, commented, tweeted, linked, emailed, and everything else so far. Big props to those I interacted with early on, and extra thanks to those who reached out when I was still a pseudonymous blogger, and gave me some much appreciated early encouragement. It has been an honor to be able to try and make sense of the biggest economic collapse since the Great Depression, the efforts to reform and rein in Wall Street, the political environment of the first term of the Obama administration as well as any type of future for progressive politics here with all of you, and I will do my best to continue to do so at the next space.
"How?" I would have done anything.
Markets generally pulled back today with only the NASDAQ fighting to stay positive. Commodities were lower as US crude inventories climbed to new highs. Bonds moved a little higher and he loonie was lower.
Arizona lawmakers appear close to sending to Gov. Jan Brewer a tea party-backed bill that proponents say would stop a United Nations takeover conspiracy but that critics claim could end state and cities’ pollution-fighting efforts and even dismantle the state unemployment office. A final legislative vote is expected Monday on a bill that would outlaw government support of any of the 27 principles contained in the 1992 United Nations Rio Declaration on Environment and Development, also sometimes referred to as Agenda 21.
“Marian, we are so very glad that you decided to stop by,” said Izzy’s mom. “My husband works late at his new job, and I’m not used to living so far from any other neighbors. It’s nice to have another adult to talk to.”
Stuhrange.
Seriously. This is what my mind is stuck on.
If you’re still feeling zooish, go to Bearizona near Williams which is a drive through. You better keep those windows tightly closed and keep moving through because those bears are not shy of humans as a swipe at our bumper that set the car rocking let us know. This zoo is 55% rescues and rehabilitated animals. I don’t think I’ve ever enjoying a working weekend more.
Our policy has always been that entry to shows is first come first served. Reviewers queue with the rest and there is no special treatment. There are no tickets and there never will be. In situations of particularly high demand we have issued tokens to the queue, thus allowing it to wait in more comfort and not stand for an hour; this is still first come first served.
A few more months of sponsorship & then I send extra because Georgy's roof is leaking. Quite a cheap fix since the entire family lives in 2 small rooms *smirk*.
But then the days went on and it never got crossed off the list. Until today mofo action item. Hi-ya! I karate chop you.
I cannot begin to tell you what
Outlines against the sky.
- Full double-zip closure
Gary Martin, Leader, People of the Second Chance, Mariners Church, Irvine, California
I went on thinking about my day…..just today….and was thinking of all the many little kindnesses that were offered to me… little smiles, hello’s, conversations, help with little tasks, moments of listening, nods of heads, kind words.
10. Tom's gravelly rasp is my favorite of all sounds; this would become my new favorite piece of jewelry & I would forsake all other necklaces. From FableAndFury
“Fine,” replied Clyde looking at a photo of Jackson. “On one hand we have Jackson’s murder. We don’t have anything to go on other than a loan shark, Gabriel Reyes.”
This marks the second departure from The SteelDrivers’ original line-up. Chris Stapleton, the group’s lead singer, signed off at the end of 2009. Stapleton’s growling vocals and brooding lyrics largely defined the band’s style, and there were those who felt that the jig was up as soon as he packed up his guitar and split.
Read more in “Storm Surge,” and “Just Seconds From the Ocean; Coastal Living in the Wake of Katrina.”
This shouldn't just be a day off from school for all the children in the household. This should be a well thought out process whereby the parent taking the child to work should be interested in actually imparting some form of interest in work to their young offspring. A way to let kids see that their parents have to be serious in their job, but that they also enjoy going to work because of A, B, and C items.
When I'm lucky, what I'm paying attention to is the writing; the answer to a given plot issue will often pop up--sometimes because some minor element I've written in along the way turns out to be more than merely descriptive, or will fulfill dual roles.
So I thought I do a little post about some dollar store things I used around my house so far this year. I really find some great stuff...
One of the nurses in the NICU asked us if we named Emmett after "the vampire in Twilight." She seemed so excited by the prospect that I felt kind of bad saying no. But seriously, the Twilight connection almost made us NOT use the name.
I think that the key is to not expect your home community to be Buenos Aires, or to compare it to Buenos Aires. That is not fair, there is no possible way your home tango could stand up to Buenos Aires. Mecca is Mecca and no place else can come close. So to constantly compare the two can only lead to disappointment and depression. In my mind anyway. Maybe that is a bit Pollyanna of me, but it is how I am approaching this re-acclimation.
A great technique for getting a kid to talk is to MOVE. Children, especially boys, can have a hard time expressing their feelings if they feel like an adult is standing there, waiting for an answer, and “pressuring” them to say something. If you can remove the child from the situation and go for a walk (ideally outdoors), the questions you ask may elicit more than the standard, “I dunno” answers.
3. kcroteau
Probing beyond the courtroom reveals a whole array of doors and avenues to explore. Before anyone can move, every door slams shut, sealed. Smoke issues forth from everywhere and the temperature rises. Voice are heard in the distance, screaming for help, to be saved. Sir Horace leads the escape, breaking through one door. And suddenly all is normal again.
Prohibitionists claim that “sex trafficking” decreases when prostitution is criminalized and increases when it is legalized or decriminalized; the Netherlands is one of their favorite targets, and here Wendy Lyon of Feminist Ire demonstrates that recent statistics fail to support prohibitionist claims, and that what “trafficking” there is seems more the fault of Dutch controls than of the sex trade itself.
Sounds like a plan I would stick to.
The SAZ-2500D replaces the SAZ-2000D in our line-up. It packs 25% more power into a casing only 3/4″ longer than the older SAZ-2000D model. The 2500D features an output section equal to our highly regarded SAZ-3000D model and an extremely robust power supply section to back it up!
Shakalakaboomboom’s owner lives next to Punchestown racecourse in County Kildare and commutes to London, where he works in the property business. He had a share with a few friends in Boomshakalaka when trainer Nicky Henderson told him that the horse’s three-parts brother was selling at Doncaster sales in May, 2008. “I said to bid for him if he didn’t make too much and Minty (bloodstock agent David Minton) got him for £20,000,” recalls Breslin, who says that Aintree has been on the agenda since last year. “It’s been very much an upward curve with him and we’ve found out since he won Punchestown last year that he was such a good stayer. We really started thinking about Aintree after he won the same race at Cheltenham in December that Mon Mome had landed the season he won the National. We missed the Cheltenham Festival and kept him fresh for Saturday.” Shakalakaboomboom is the best performer that Breslin has owned and he also has horses with Conor Dore in Britain and a number of jumpers in Ireland with the likes of Arthur Moore, Bill Harney and Tom Cooper. No previous John Smith’s Grand National runners.
"Cake and candy. I thought you could spell," said Frances.
Najib’s averseness to accommodate and clean the electoral process will incur the wrath of the people. The urban voters who are generally educated are aware of the significance of having fair and free elections. But a huge number of rural voters are those who are not yet fully aware of the importance this process. This is the swirl UMNO will exploit to the fullest to sink the Opposition and justify why it should not meet all the demands sought by Bersih.
The journey unended
Offshore seismic testing is used to discover petroleum and natural gas reserves. Seismic surveys usually involve the use of an array of powerful air guns that cause a pressure pulse. The resulting noise could disturb animal life, especially that of cetaceans, such as whales, porpoises, and dolphins who use sonar to communicate. Seismic testing can disrupt their sonar, and potentially damage their hearing.
Your tickets will not be mailed to you.
It was right before the baptism & I could so see satan’s attempt to steal away my joy… ugh… so mad…
He would have received another 7 percent increase and a retention bonus in the new financial year bringing his earnings to R6,7-million - amounts apparently calculated into his severance package.
The rickshaw has been stalled for quite some time. Over 9 months to be exact. And with the other two writers, who by the way are much better writers, being far busier in life then myself, the onus has fallen on me to restart it. So I’d like to blame the gas shortage for the lack of our rickshaw making the rounds, but our rickshaw runs on a different sort of fuel – usually cricket.
When I try to talk about any of this with my husband I either get "the wall" or an argument and I don't need that right now.
We record intermittently at Milton Records, and will be recording our full-length EP with Dave Costanza, hopefully.
It’s true that corporations have helped our country in the past, but there is such a thing as too much of a good thing. The government has gone to the extreme, putting corporations ahead of the American people. The battle in Washington seems to have more to do with taking care of corporations rather than the needs of the people.
This drew not only the ire of British ecological geneticists, who thought I was both unfair and unnecessarily dismissive of a classic story (I stood by my guns here), but predictably attracted creationists and other evolution-deniers, who found in the weaknesses of the Biston story a lack of evidence for natural selection (ignoring all the other cases that were well supported), and, indeed, a conspiracy by evolutionists to prop up a tale they knew was wrong! Judith Hooper, a science journalist, wrote an execrable book claiming that Kettlewell committed deliberate fraud designed to buttress Darwinism, and that evolutionists were complicit in this coverup. I trashed Hooper’s dreadful book in another review in Nature (if you want a pdf, email me). Kettlewell was not a fraud, just a naturalist who wasn’t that good at experimental design.
"Hey Sam!" I hollered over to my twelve-year old, who was in the next room.
Deborah was born in Charleroi, Pennsylvania on March 18, 1956, the daughter of Frank and Blanche Palfrey. Mercifully, Frank Palfrey died in 2002 and so was not forced to endure his daughter’s lynching by his government, but Fate allowed her mother no such kindness; she was the person who discovered the lifeless body of her first-born. The Palfreys moved to Orlando, Florida, but returned to Charleroi in 1966; this was not a happy homecoming for Deborah, who was bullied so mercilessly she eventually asked for and received her parents’ permission to finish high school in Florida. She earned a degree in criminal justice from Rollins College in Winter Park, Florida, then paralegal credentials from a law school in San Diego. But after a few years at this grind she learned what so many women do: that far from being a liberation as many second-wave feminists pretend, a career can be stifling to the point of unendurability. In the ‘80s she became a cocktail waitress, then an escort, but discovered (as I did a decade later) that criminalization allows seedy, sleazy escort services to flourish, and so decided to start her own agency.
My kids have been looking forward to this day for two weeks now and are really keeping their fingers crossed that they won't have any homework tonight either.
Cascadian Dark Ale.
* Creates lightsaber hilts and crystals, relics, enhancements, and force-user offhands/generators.
You will discover how much you care,
It's nearly three in the morning and I'm still up, again. What would I tell the people at the ER? I can't sleep, I have anxiety? Because these are medicines they dole out so generously at the emergency room these days, yes? All this makes me want to do is two things: switch to a new therapist and switch to a new psychiatrist. I think I need a doctor who is part of a group who will have a nurse or an on call doctor call me back when I am having problems such as this right now.
National Chocolate Chip Cookie Week is upon us. And according to Mr. Man Pants, this ought be a weekly series, rather than a yearly event.
Magic Hat Brewery and Performing Arts Center
Johannesburg, ditto.
to shoulder, eager for the chase,
Knowing of no other children who could, Morgan hated playing outside just slightly less than she loved it. It was even worse during cold weather, especially at her father’s house. Clutching her baby doll under one arm and the other stretched out to hold onto the edge of the doorway while she whined and complained “but I don’t wanna go play outside!”
CASINO plays with your expectations of what a Bond movie “should be” a bit here and there, both for comedic effect and to highlight how this film is going in a new direction. When Bond first meets Vesper, she tells him, “I’m the money” and he dryly replies that she’s “worth every penny of it.” Later, when a bartender asks him if he wants his martini “shaken or stirred,” Bond angrily snaps back, “Does it look like I give a damn?”
The expansion into these breweries and the support from our generous sponsors – Hops Direct, LLC, The County Malt Group, Louisville Slugger, Great Western Malting Co., Brewers Supply Group, and Rahr Malting Group – makes for a promising 2012. Baseball ambassadors and special events
Adjust salt and spices and garnish with coriander leaves.
However, far from expressing sheer gratitude, Cyril constantly finds ways to abuse and overextend Samantha’s graciousness and soon comes into a bad way. His propensity for anger and violence, which first begins with a desire to protect his bike from one of the thieving boys in the neighborhood, gradually turns into something much darker and malevolent.
My first Dorie recipe was a fruit galette. I remember still how delicious it was. I even remember the first comment I received on my blog. It was like an award to me! I still love reading all your comments, so thank you to those of you who regularly stop by to leave encouragement and stop for a second to say hello.
One of the gems of the C.D. is the Central Cinema theater. At Central Cinema, you can watch movies from the comfort of a booth while a server brings you food and beer. I met up with Seattle Dad at Central Cinema Thursday for "Cartoon Happy Hour." This is an inspired event where they play free cartoons for the kids and serve delicious cold brews for the adults.
I ran across the following film parable about the change that our change can do. It's ten minutes long and there isn't a word spoken, but the point it makes is eloquent, And maybe it's message is particularly powerful during this time of the year.
Pour evenly into pie plate.
With black, work 5 rows of stockinette, purl 1 row on the knit side and continue in stockinette for 1 1/2 inches. Bind off on wrong side. Make other side to correspond.
In the 1930s, decades before to the property’s expropriation, the Bigio family had leased it to Coca-Cola, which was “fully aware that the property had been stolen from the family without compensation,” the family’s lawyers said. Wednesday’s appeal filing comes after the US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in New York dismissed Bigio’s case against Coca-Cola in March on the grounds that the Bigios had “not sufficiently alleged that the Coca-Cola Company headquarters in the US controlled Coca- Cola Egypt.”
Problem: Printer is not responding to commands.
CW Slade
Have fun making them and let me know what you think =) and sorry for the poor quality images i took these on my phone and it doesnt look very pretty
The beginning of the novel starts the reader off with lengthy history or world-building. The author pores on and on about details of a city or civilization or some alien history all to “set up” the story.
“We have taken action to protect children. We have taken action to protect adults,” Griffo said. “Our work is not complete unless we take further action that will ensure animals are not mistreated unto death by people who should not be allowed to ever, ever own an animal again and who should be paying the full price for intentionally treating a companion animal in such a way that has led to death.”
Ian Jackson
Then she dropped the magazines that had been perched on her lap. Without thinking, I reached down, scooped up the scattered pages and handed them back to her. She thanked me and said, “You’re so kind.” I didn’t feel very kind, however. I felt ashamed that my first instinct was to avoid all contact. I decided to remedy that. I smiled and we started talking. I learned that she’d been a chemistry major back in the day and she had to walk upstairs to do her labs and a girl in her class had had polio and couldn’t walk so every day, four guys would carry her upstairs so she could participate in the labs, and bathroom doors are too heavy, and the train tracks from here to Louisiana were damaged in Hurricane Katrina and hadn’t been repaired yet, and if she was running the world, things would be different. The conversation was mostly one-sided, but I think she was just happy to have someone to listen to her chatter.
How about some cupcakes?
If you’re confident you have a great story, and if you only do one thing, get it edited by a professional. You can do this for $300-$400 (USD). Handing it around to your mates and critique groups doesn’t count. Professional editors are good at this, that’s all they do and will find things you never even thought about. They will kick your MS into good shape and prepare it for market.
All charges dropped. Surprise!
She used to always sing this song to us kids. I'll never forget.
Ink - Image & Sentiment - Memento - Rich Cocoa
sex is an ape's appendage
The bright side - we got to explore Norway.
You on the other hand, are.
An anti-nausea medication was injected via the catheter. A CT scan and blood sample were sent off for analysis.
Settlers of Catan
WIWs offer lessons. Women have always studied what other women are wearing for edification. "Oh, look how she ties a scarf; I could try that." The writer might show how she pairs a years-old sweater with new jeans; this imparts confidence that we can do that, too. WIWs provide vicarious enjoyment: mother-of-bride ensembles, party dresses, what to take on safari–what fun!
...as the pick-up started to slowly rock.
Do you ever pick up things for yourself while you're shopping for others?
Using techniques for predicting social wants, at present prostituted to the service of capital, socialist society can work out how much and what sort of products and services will be needed over a given period. Men and women will be free to discuss what they would like to be produced. So with social research and after democratic discussion an estimate of what is needed can be made. The next problem is to arrange for these amounts to be produced. Capitalism, in modern computing machines, input-output analysis and information technology, has developed the techniques which socialist society can use.
“But what I’ve heard these last several days—and in the responses I’ve seen from young adults who have interacted with this just a little bit so far—is that it’s a foundational way for young adults who haven’t made the connection between Jesus Christ and world-changing mission. That brings me a lot of hope, particularly for those people who are hardest to reach, because they aren’t already in our doors.”
One of the absolutely marvellous things about being a parent is that occasionally your offspring give you such a sense of pride, that you can puff your chest out and march down the street happy, smiling, and bathing in the reflected glory. First off The Cat has been made Head of House...a fine achievement of which the Cat's Mother and all the family are cock-a-hoop.
EDITOR'S NOTE:
Some might smirk at this point, saying it’s folly to worry about an endangered species whose existence has never been verified.
He said he wondered why he had even told me the story because he hadn't thought about it for years . But even after all this time, it was obvious that it had been a deep cutting remark that stayed with him. I asked if he wouldn't perhaps write the story now, since the idea was obviously one he was still taken by.
Any economist worth their salt will tell you that in order for a market system to function properly all externalities must be properly accounted for. Externalities like the social costs of child labor or the environmental costs of pollution. Much of the sickness of our current markets is the routine avoidance of incorporating externalities into the market’s cost structures. Ensuring that these externalities are accounted for is a necessary role of government, one which few governments in the world are even attempting and even fewer are doing reasonably well.
Under these circumstances, many drivers would just honk once or twice, wait a minute, then drive away.
Refreshing, uplifting.
May Our God The Almighty prosper Nigeria
1 point for leaving a comment telling me what one of your favorite things is (Sue me. I'm nosy.)
she lands
-humbled-
My adult self shares what that high school girl knew in her heart. What you know in your heart. The poem is Scrub Pines by Rod McKuen (excerpted from his book, Celebrations of the Heart and gratefully borrowed with credit from his website):
It is common knowledge that Pakistani judges, fearing for their lives, generally refrain from convicting high-profile jihadists with political connections. When, in the face of compelling evidence, a judge has no option but to order the sentence enjoined by the law, he must either live under guard afterwards or leave the country. Such was the case with Judge Pervez Ali Shah who tried Mumtaz Qadri, the jihadist bodyguard who murdered Punjab’s governor Salman Taseer for backing an amendment to the indiscriminately applied blasphemy law. Soon after sentencing Qadri to capital punishment last October, Shah received several death threats and was forced into self-exile.
Well- the sheet last about two minutes. As that was falling down, Cooper turned to the window curtains- we all know what his intent was there! After we let him know that was "not ok" he found how fun it was to throw all of his blankets out of the crib one at at time, followed by his pillow and stuffed monkey. Kevin and I were so good at fetching these! Over and over we would try to convince Cooper that we were all going to bed. We would lay motionless on the bed next to him and before too long I would feel a blanket land on the bed next to me, followed by one on my face and an uproar of laughter and another blanket and a monkey on top of that. When I wouldn't give them back to him, he would cry- mainly because he was tired and because I had ruined his game. Eventually either we would fall asleep or he would and then we could go cover him up.
Steenbruge Tripel
I found this fabric a couple of years ago and knew right off the bat that it must come home with me! I bought 2 yards thinking that should be enough, it took nearly 2 years to finally get brave enough to make the 1st cut.
Post: (redacted)
On Saturday, Feb. 26, GrowNYC, a non-profit geared toward improving the quality of life in the five boroughs through environmental programs, will offer a Stop 'N' Swap in the M.S. 113 lobby in Fort Greene from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m.
It takes almost 2 hours to get to SM North from Manila given the traffic along Espana and Quezon Avenue, and it’s difficult to catch an FX from Taft avenue since most are biyaheng Fairview even before the Roosevelt station opened. Now, they are even fewer in number.
Told him about the business forums I had found on the internet, where at least 30 other people had experienced the same thing FROM THE SAME COMPANY!
"It's always a bloody Friday afternoon, isn't it? And it's always when it's bloody raining isn't it?"
Title: The Zulu Bride
Until I remember we are in the middle of a 40 mile flood plain. Yep, 40 miles! Hmm, will it rain or not? Let’s not stick around to find out.
The largest allocation of
Dreidel game
Our family (me and my brothers' family) is very close to Max's family and we have been so blessed to know them. They've been one of the greatest blessings in our life, they've been such a huge help too with the kids when we needed them, I could go on and on without getting tired.
This post has a lot of questions ;). If not, and like me you like Hazelnut Cream spread or Nutella spread, give this frosting a go. A switch to the classic Chocolate Butter cream. I'm looking forward to hear all your thoughts or suggestions. Have a good week ahead.
Thy wondrous love extending;
we value most in our appliances:
The bulk of what’s written above applies to McPherson and his trio as well as it does to AS: this is innocent music, pure music. Let’s neither get all Alan Lomaxy, nor let’s pretend that innocence or purity are aspects which automatically lend music power or punch (who hasn’t seen earnest-as-fuck crapshows?). But, again, as with AS, there’s a directness and joy in what McPherson’s doing, or at least that’s what it sounds like to this listener. Here’s what you should maybe know as well: everything used to record and make Signs and Signifiers was made before 1970 (often well before). A move like that could, depending on the seen-it-all world-weariness of the listener, strike as a gimick or schtick—I wonder how I’d feel it, say, The Strokes were to try a stunt like that. I don’t know. I’d claim, though, that McPherson and his bandmates did not endeavor to make an album like Signs and Signifiers out of any avaristic, let’s-look-like-this intent. Who knows, maybe they did, but I doubt it: what it sounds like is they’re into this old-time rock+roll music (which, let’s be real clear: McPherson’s songs could be fucking outtakes from Ray Charles’s magic 1950′s years; I’m not kidding) and they’re trying to make the best old-time rock+roll album they can. Meaning it doesn’t remotely sound like they’re trying to appear any certain way, meaning they are—like the Alabama Shakes—about as rare as it gets in terms of modern bands and music: folks who seemingly, truly, don’t give a shit about coming off any certain way other than trying as hard as they can to get to the sound and idea they’re most moved by. If you think I’m crazy and that this is more common than I’m believing it to be, I’d simply ask: when was the last time you were surprised by music? We talk about Adele with such reverence for a reason, and we did about Amy Winehouse the same way for similar reasons, and we talk about Radiohead for similar reasons. All of these folks? I’d argue that they share an uncompromising, un-self-conscious drive to get to the music they’re most moved by. Holy hell do you owe it to yourself to listen, as do we all.
packing up my nylabones, travel collar, some of
Signing up is very easy, you give them your email, make a password, and then attach a PayPal account to it. There’s also a little bit more information, but not much. They try to find surveys that fit your profile after you do a survey to give them the information required to find surveys for you. Many of the surveys they give to you afterwards are opinion based anyways.
Bord Gais Completes Private Placement Of $765.37 Million 9
and play with more children,
Halston was a visionary when it came to licensing as well. He had a carpeting deal, luggage deal, and candle deal just to name a few. He even designed the Olympic uniforms! He also developed a perfume line in which he created the tear shaped bottle with no words on the bottle which became his signature. His ads even had no words. Some say it was because he couldn't come up with the words he wanted to use but I think it was totally genius.
and it's one of the few activities you become absorbed in
At the launch of the Western College Art Prize, 2011 winner, Kathielyn Job told the audience this prize was particularly special because of the theme. The theme borrows from the college’s core principles, starting with “integrity”, used as last year’s theme, and moving on to “passion” this year.
To neaten up my lines, I wait until the paint has dried, then take a nail (anything with a sharp metal point will do) to gently scratch away the bits I don’t want.
It is never good to deprive yourself of what you’d like, but everything has to be in moderation. Make the decisions responsibly, have the veggies sticks at the party, but skip the dip. Have that glass of champagne, but then forgo the pigs-in-a-blanket.
2. Yeayeahyea:
Three or so years ago, he took a pottery course, and was hooked on clay. It is hard to believe that he started so recently.
In a Russian stove blini are baked from both top and bottom.
Well, a couple weeks later, he started struggling to swallow, and he seemed to be suffering the poison effects again.
5. Split chicken breasts, $1/lb. at H-E-B (through 2/22/11)
múm DJ set - Loop festival afterparty at Digital - Brighton
Then everything will be prefect
- Obama’s science czar, John Holdren (see Obama Connection below)
And page after page of this report, the horrific account of the destruction of Congolese women dissected with the precision and the cold matter-of-factness of traditional and seasoned scholarship that stands out as an indictment of the pomposity of Achille Mbembe or the conceptual helplessness of Congolese social scientists.
I do sometimes wonder why people write “historical” novels around things that never happened when the real world is so pregnant with possibilities:
There are plenty.
It is also my firm conviction that we need to get rid of both the European Union and the United Nations. At the end of the Cold War, Francis Fukuyama pronounced that we had arrived at "The End of History", and that capitalism and liberal democracy would now be the only global system left. But when I look at Europe today, I see democracies under threat because of an elaborate Eurabian bureaucracy and Islamic fanaticism. I see countries unwilling or unable to defend themselves against massive immigration/colonization, and the possible dawn of neo-barbarism. Has democracy become too soft to function? Have we arrived at "the End of Democracy" instead of "the End of History?" What does it take for a democracy to work? Can you still retain a democracy with massive illegal immigration going on? Is Multiculturalism inherently anti-democratic? Some people claim that the nation state is a redundant concept in a globalized world, but I can't see many democratic societies not based on a nation state. Can you? To me, the EU is the perfect example of how democracy becomes weakened when you try to make an organization above the nation state. And the UN is unacceptable because it allows dictatorships and corrupt non-democratic states to dictate democratic ones. Until we have something better, if ever, the nation state is the best way ever discovered of organizing society to provide the greatest good to the greatest number of people. The problem I think is that people get confused between democracy and human rights. Obviously you can't have pure democracy -- that is just mob rule. As some wag once wrote, "Two wolves voting to eat the sheep." That's why the famous concept of "checks and balances" were built into the US system of government -- to give some protection to the sheep. The framers of the US constitution thought long and hard about pure democracy and recognized its limitations.
The broadening of Communist historical studies will be assisted by the ongoing publications of Historical Materialism Book Series in this field. Two such works were published in 2011: Toward the United Front, containing the annotated proceedings of the Comintern’s month-long Fourth World Congress (1922), and In the Steps of Rosa Luxemburg. Among other such books in preparation is a volume presenting the proceedings of the Comintern’s 1921 world congress.
Misanthropist.
“I have no idea.” Thankfully, I’m saved by the bell. I won’t see Summer again until after school. I hope that by then she’ll forget the familiarity in that smile.
Next step: Analyze. Determine your comfort zone by what you see a lot of and your fears by what you don’t. Perhaps you have a space filled with rounded shapes, comfy chairs, pillows and throws, lots of neutrals. What are you missing? You want it to feel comfy and relaxing but not boring! Here’s the trick. Your space is craving a tiny touch of the elements you run from. It should be 90/10. You need a few hard edges, some reflective surfaces (maybe a touch of sparkle?), a few shakes of bold color, and Voila! Treat it like a spice. Just a touch will wake up the flavor. Perhaps a mirrored tray, a sleek accent chair, and a bold geometric pattern. Take a color you love and introduce it around the room in small doses to add excitement and energy. One, two, three, done.
Although a Smartphone can easily have the computing power to handle an EMV transaction, and the smartphone is certainly capable of connecting to a variety of wireless, (or contactless) systems, few examples exist of systems that can process an EMV transaction through NFC using all of the ‘chip & PIN’ functionality and protocols that are responsible for the great reduction in face-to-face fraud.
I don't reckon it is REAL if it is not like that.
I admit I love the pioneer mama feeling I get from doing these things around the kitchen. Is it ridiculous to admit I love bringing in the wood for the stove? Oh yes. But I know I love it only because it's optional. One morning last week, as I was lugging in a bunch of logs, I was nearly giddy with the prospect of feeding the fire. I put the wood into the stack by the stove and paused to admire my industry, stopping just short of hooking my thumbs into my pretend overall straps and rocking back on my heels with a self-satisfied, "Yesirree."
My mom was in town this weekend and I always get an extra burst of decorating vigor when she's around. For that reason, Neil is probably happy she's not visiting that often!
This series is scheduled to be 18 books long IIRC ... but with the time between publications, I hope it's finished before I'm like, 50 LOL. I try to NOT anticipate the next book too much because I might end up waiting 2 or 3 years between them.
2008, but he atoned for that fourth place finish with a nice victory at Taunton four weeks later. He was stepped up in class at Ascot on December 19, in the Grade Two Noel Novices’ Chase over two miles and three furlongs and jumped his opponents silly from the front with his only mistake coming at the last when he had the race wrapped up. He was turned out quickly eight days later at Kempton’s Christmas meeting in the Grade Two Wayward Lad Novices’ Chase, but he was very disappointing, pulling up before the third last. This was the first of three disappointing performances at Kempton over fences in Deep Purple’s career to date and Evan Williams revealed he bled on every occasion. After a short absence he returned to the racecourse in early March 2009 at Sandown where he finished second in a four-runner novices’ chase, but he soon got back on track with an easy victory at Hereford 11 days later. On his next start he lined up at Aintree’s John Smith’s Grand National meeting in the Grade Two John Smith’s Manifesto Novices’ Chase and put up a bold display, only finding Tartak too good. He bagged his second Grade Two success of the season at Ayr in the Future Champion Novices’ Chase, routing his rivals to score by nine lengths. The bay gelding returned in fine fettle for the 2009/10 season, capturing the Grade Two Charlie Hall Chase at Wetherby and the Grade Two Peterborough Chase at Huntingdon on his first two starts. However a return to Kempton for the King George VI Chase over Christmas saw him break a blood vessel and he was pulled up before the tenth. He wasn’t seen again until March, 2010, in the Grade One Ryanair Chase at the Cheltenham Festival, but he put in a much improved display to finish fourth to the classy Albertas Run. That rival took the spoils again at Aintree in the Grade One John Smith’s Melling Chase, but Deep Purple was beaten over twice as far in sixth suggesting he didn’t run up to his best form. He reappeared in October, 2010, for the Charlie Hall Chase, but he could not emulate his victory from the year before and finished a staying-on third over the three-mile trip. Unfortunately, he unseated on his next outing in the rearranged Peterborough Chase at Newbury in mid December. However he put in a more encouraging display in February
Little Foxes, Thursdays 9.15am-11am at Foxhill Primary School – toddler group for parents with babies or toddlers from 0-5years. Friendly and informal group. Cost: FREE Contact: Anneesa Ali or Michelle Daly, Foxhill & Grenoside Children’s Centre – 0114 233 2878
Though he was dapperly dressed
The Pueblo’s Tribal Government is comprised of a Traditional Council. Elected Council seats include a Governor, a Lieutenant Governor, an Aguacil (bailiff or sheriff), and four Council Members. The Council acts as a governing body and approves all major strategic decisions. The Governors also provide administrative oversight of Tribal operations and business. Additional Council seats include a Cacique (Chief) and a Capitan de Guerra (War Captain). These positions are also elected, but are life-long terms. The Cacique and War Captain provide spiritual and traditional guidance. The Tribe is governed by oral tradition as well as the Tribal Code of Laws enforced by the Tribal Police Department and upheld by the Tribal Court.
And Carpe Diem! on about ten different pages.
I am also amazed that I survived this week. My dog, Mabel, also had life changing events. She is now diabetic and started insulin the same day I started my diet. So while I'm eating every 2-2.5 hours, she is drinking water (every hour) and then going for a potty walk (every hour) and getting shots twice a day (glad both me and her are okay with that). It's pretty much insane here, I haven't gotten much of anything done other than food prep and potty walks. My front door reminds me of a clown car at the circus -- in and out, around and around. I guess it is a good thing I work from home. Well, usually work.
as you lay back to rest
It was estimated that Dale Ostrander was under water for as long as 20 minutes. However there have been recorded incidents of people being revived after being submerged in freezing water for a much as an hour. The Pacific is cold, about 56º F in this area of the coast.
e. Happy Birthday, Ashleigh.
-Melt the chocolate chips both dark & white in a microwave safe bowl with olive oil .Mix it well to coat.Microwave for 1 minute or till melted.
There is a big 'problem' in our marriage. I come alive at night as my mind starts running on overdrive while Branden gets tired and his brain hits shut down mode. Since I'm not know to be quiet, we typically chat in bed about whatever random thing is on my mind at the time while Branden tries to keep his mind awake long enough to give me a response. Due to this, I have posted lots of funny bedtime conversations and today I will be sharing yet another one!
Now our family is paying for the cult of the ten minute expert. The cult of the one size fits all assessment of mental competence. And we aren't expert. We know nothing. We only know my mother couldn't cope for ten minutes in the full glare of the day to day life that most of us endure normally. We've only known that for years. We've only been caring for years. In this family. With no outside help.
TAKE ME THERE by Carolee Dean is a Pennsylvania Young Reader's Choice Award Nominee.
The author’s taqiyyah manifests itself in his reference to “a literal and immediate application” of the hudud — as if Islamic law allowed for anything other than a literal interpretation of the Koranic punishments. It does not: the gate of ijtihad (interpretation) closed more than a millennium ago, and no revision of the application of the law is now permitted.
And, of course, Craft Weekend!!! Let me explain. It rocked. Totally. However, I got a sinus infection right after it, which is why I haven't posted the pics, oh and the whole cord thing! I know, poor excuse. Anyways, we had an awesome time! People left with gorgeous projects, and I WILL be doing it again soon!!!
Selfishness is the big beast in marriage: Be on the watch for "Seperateness".
In the great serenade of things,
n just like a bonus:
Have questions on using this? I’d be happy to help provide some tips, although I am not a Lactation Consultant, just someone passionate about something that allowed me to breastfeed.
One season only,
The "cloud" stamp is really the top of the cupcake from the Stampin' Up set CREATE A CUPCAKE and the sentiment stamp is from UNITY.
6 Tablespoons lemon juice
“I will be with you” is His promise to us. If everything in this life we cannot hold on to, we must hold on to our relationship with God. When we don’t hold on to that, everything in life are scattered in pieces like a mess, for God alone holds all things together. We can keep knocking, seeking and asking God, but sometimes Jesus is knocking on the door of our heart, saying, open up the door so I might come in … Surrender your idols, make room for ME, and invite me into your heart.
Sweet & Sour Soy Curls
No. I'm not doing a Meg Ryan, but I've just this minute heard that my ancient and neglected ( but loved. I call it tough love) Ford Ka has passed its MOT ( it can be seen hiding behind Titch above). I was told a year ago that this was unlikely to happen, so I'm delighted (and, to be honest, gobsmacked).
I was having recess alone everyday and i was a victim in my class with bullies ransacking my school bag after recess. I cried but the teacher in the class simply ignored. I remembered praying to God during the school holidays so that the bullies will not harrass me after i start school again! Thank God, I was saved from that very day i prayed! Even as a kid, i hoped that someone could really write me a note to say “Ignore the bullies, you are beautiful!”
Things are back to normal now and tomorrow I head to Belgium for the ZBF beer festival at the new venue in Leuven. Stella Artois will not be on my menu.
Let's face facts: Popeye's has about the biggest can of culinary whup-ass in the fast food industry, and Zub and I both will spare no measure to open up the aforementioned can on Mr. Gerry Rafferty's weenie-butt if he ever tries to play Sneakers.
About one month ago the goby escaped via the back, top parameter of the tank using a four centimeter gap. While installing an upgrade skimmer (CPR SR3) in the back he was found residing in a compartment housing the tank’s water pump. After two days of trying, he was finally captured and returned to the *allowed* portion of the tank. And a line of narrow sponges now fill the goby’s escape route.
This week we are going to talk about the time my daughter got a BB in music.
9. Arrangement In Grey & Black
See John and Chris on each event on YouTube by searching under Copart Finder Rallying
Nah, really, it’s so folks can get photos of them so they can take their photo in front of the White House doors. That was mostly it, and you could tell by all the smiling faces that people were having a great time. I was. But you had to get there really early to avoid the mob. First you had to stand in line to get free tickets to enter the property. Then you had to stand in line to go onto the property. My line time Saturday was about an hour and a half. I arrived at 7:30 a.m. and got in for the first tour at 9.
Makes no sense to me. So he wouldn't let his own kids watch it so why should mine?
05 - Once In A Million Years.
Tear gas and water cannons were fired to disperse the 80,000-strong crowd. The police and protesters clashed for about four hours before police regained control of the city.
Suddenly cold, she pulled at the arms of the sweatshirt still tied around her waist. It fell to the sand. Bending to pick it up, she once again saw a blur of movement, except this time it came from a rocky outcrop by the waves. She shook the sand out of the sweatshirt and hurriedly tugged it over her head.
I am thankful to those who have shared the process with me in the past. I am also thankful for those who are allowing me to share this process with them.
Working Woman
Barksdale’s Mississippians lost nearly half of their number in the horrific fight on the afternoon of July 2, in the Peach Orchard on the Emmitsburg Road, and en route to Cemetery Ridge. Among them was Barksdale himself, one of 32 generals who fell at Gettysburg.
The real problem is that the god of this world right now is materialism. The mantra of this religion has been these two simple words: “Charge it!” Money, materialism and covetousness is not the solution to life.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
What I see through my DOOM mask and foul-collecting-baggy jersey is strategy and execution. When Bynum knuckles up and stops his condescending-smirk-”got this” pose and uses his body and abilities we get to see a monster amount of block shots and rebounds. And we know he’ll score. Isn’t it great to be so frigid huge to be able to score so easily in one of maybe three ways super close to the rim every frigid time? But throw Gasol beside that and it’s seriously a vicious frontcourt, they hide each other’s areas of address, and can excel at the inside in for easy buckets, then back out to Kobe to finish it off outside if need be (usually the other way around, but i digress). And we know Kobe goes rogue, it’s in his knee-n-a.
It’s too bad my parents can no longer come along to Montana. That would have been perfect–stupid, expensive roof. But maybe Uncle Howard and Aunt Linda can come. Aunt Linda is a good-time girl. Either way, Cool and I make our own fun. And we will make sure to have directions and stuff ahead of time this year since cell phones apparently don’t work at all in the whole state.
They wondered, not unreasonably, whether Hans mightn’t be getting his hoof-tapping cues from somewhere other than his unprecedented equine cognitive powers. No horse had ever shown any signs of this level of mental acuity before, or even anything close. I mean, look at how some of these questions were phrased: “If the eighth day of the month comes on a Tuesday, what is the date of the following Friday?” Now granted, as far as the mathematics goes, we’re still about on a par with modern GCSE papers. But that’s some fairly sophisticated sentence structure there, with the conditional clause and everything, not to mention the background knowledge about our modern calendar that you’d need for it to make any sense. Humans are good at all this, but it’s something we still haven’t had much luck teaching computers to learn, and it’s more than has ever been observed in even the smartest monkeys. And some of those monkeys can put particularly stupid humans to shame. This was seriously big news, if the horse really was that clever.
Save up to 37% off your Disney resort.
As for our youngest, she signed up for drawing and painting and sculpting.
I've been lacking in salads lately :( need to stop being lazy and make one! i forgot how good this was..
The new section 102(b) is comparable to EPC Article 55 in defining a disclosure of an invention which is removed from the state of art. The grace period, to take advantage of this exception to remove disclosed inventions, is 12 months and thus twice as long as the grace period under the EPC and JPA. The scope of inventions removed from the state of art is much broader than that of the EPC. Section 102(b) removes two classes of disclosed inventions from the state of art. The first class includes inventions which are disclosed by an inventor, joint inventor, or a third party who obtained the invention directly or indirectly from the inventor. Removing this class of disclosures is familiar within the first-to-file world because these disclosures are also excluded from the state of art under Article 9 of the Draft Substantive Patent Law Treaty (World Intellectual Property Organization, Draft of Substantive Patent Law Treaty, Article 9 (here).
Here's my theory: The editors calling the shots at the big US publishing houses are all in the pay of the US television industry. TV tried to kill the printed word for decades, with a great deal of success, but there was always a diehard core of readers who refused to be defeated. Finally the TV execs have come up with a plan--if the industry refuses to die, it must be induced to commit suicide.
Matter of fact we have another version in chalkboard paint which is fun as well and available.
Jesus took the Twelve and spent everyday with them, teaching the Word, explaining the Word, and living the Word before them. This is what I believe overcame John’s heart as he began his accounting of the Gospel of Christ: “And the Word became flesh and dwelt among us, and we have seen His glory, glory as of the only Son from the Father, full of grace and truth… No one has ever seen God; the only God, who is at the Father’s side, He has made Him known.”(John 1:14&18) John, overcome in his spirit, as he recalls the Word becoming flesh and dwelling among them, is a beautiful picture of discipleship. There is way more to discipleship than just teaching a book, a “discipleship” plan, etc… it is about dwelling with one another, sewing together the bonds which will birth great joy, and sooner or later, will bring great sorrow. Jesus had Judas Iscariot, known from the beginning as the one set to betray, yet Jesus never yielded His discipling of this fallen man.
My little man has quite the head of curls and I love it. Problem is it is starting to get a little too long. When it is wet it is a full blown mullet. He needs a haircut bad , but it just makes me sad to cut these sweet curls.
Now, when you first end a day in Pathologic a message comes up on screen. It tells you, in simple, silent text, how many have died in the village and how many are infected. It also says that there are eleven days left, and it’s not lying. When you open your journal you can clearly see twelve tabs, one for each day. The game ceaselessly reminds you of its own span.
Mom had the brilliant idea of cranking a pair on her sock machine, so I did just that on Saturday:I just have to pick up the stitches and add the ribbing - but fastest pair of legwarmers ever! And, since I still couldn't resist actually knitting a pair:
by Barbara Jolie
"...the nonpermanent appearance of happiness and distress, and their disappearance in due course, are like the appearance and disappearance of winter and summer seasons...and one must learn to tolerate them without being disturbed."
So from within the mirror
green chilly - 5(chopped)(+ or - accordingly).
Then it dawned on me that you'd all probably like to see the pretty houses, too!
I looked at the clock again. It was 5.45 am, but that was fine. Breakfast would be served until 11. I could sleep for another four hours. But then I heard drums, announcements made through a tannoy, cars honking. I had fallen back asleep and in the haze of coming around what I first thought of were the stories of the Khmer Rouge marching into Phnom Penh back in the Seventies at the beginning of Pol Pot's terrible reign. It had started with early morning drumming, tannoy announcements, marching. I looked at the clock. It was 7.30. My God -- my first day in Cambodia and I was waking to a new revolution. Could it be?
As many of you have heard by now, the Queen of Disco, Donna Summer, passed away today after a bout with cancer. Here's a little tribute for fellow Bronze Agers who appreciated (even if you're in the closet) that era:
by Louise Penny
Although the weather’s not frosty, I think of this nursery rhyme when there’s fog (certainly misty and moisty), which I used to read aloud to the girls. There’s a magic about foggy days.
I just remembered last week when I was pvping!
Snap! Rhythm is a dancer D
(585) 546-1030
Peter Gowlland has been charged, convicted and summarily sentenced without the right to present his case (cf Prov 18:17). The suspension (which it certainly is) is a manifest punitive action and a public humiliation. Mr Gowlland is elderly, fragile and very hurt: he and his wife now attend another church. He is not exercising his ministry.
"You're such a girl."
The winner will get an offer of representation from the Greenhouse and a full weekend ticket to the wonderful Festival of Writing that runs 7-9 September ’12 (worth £525). The winner will also be presented with a bottle of champagne at the Festival’s gala dinner on the Saturday night. The runners up will each get five of my favourite funny books, and maybe even a comedy mug.
Fall on your knees as wonder breaks you.
Nujabes – Modal Soul (2005): I have found a gem this summer in the music world, and his name is Nujabes. The late Jun Seba was a Japanese hip hop producer and DJ who was innovative, talented, and authentic. The songs in this album speak for themselves, from beautiful piano compositions and jazz set to hip hop beats to rap artists who can actually rap. Makes the perfect late night chill-out music.
No work 'til Monday! Kailani at An Island Life started this fun weekly blogpost called Aloha Friday. In Hawaii, Aloha Friday is the day to take it easy and look forward to the weekend.
They arrive this weekend! And we are all very excited !!!
Spellbinders "Flower Pots" dies (second to largest) (S5-060)
I have a blind spot.
oh my Allah.
This plant from the ginger family is widely used in Southeast Asia as a spice and its cleaning powers have been renowned for centuries. Turmeric is enshrined in Ayurvedic medicine as the king of spices. The bitter spice helps cleanse the liver, purify the blood, and promotes good digestion and elimination. It possesses powerful anti-inflammatory properties, but none of the unpleasant side effects of anti-inflammatory drugs. It has been used for skin cleansing, color enhancement and food preservation.
So why do you travel?
White Man in Hammersmith
Miranda felt each of the twin's personalities throughout the pregnancy...Mya was like fiery energy and Max was like the calm cool of blue and moon, hence the sun/moon design. We also painted messages that were personal to their family.
39. Clockwork Orange, A: Anthony Burgess
The Maryland bill also bars employers from firing, disciplining or otherwise penalizing an employee, or failing or refusing to hire an applicant, who refuses to disclose such information. Although the law appears to be relatively broad in scope, critics have noted that it would not prevent employers from “shoulder surfing” to see what employees or applicants have posted online, or from requiring employees to “friend” them on social media sites.
Skip is still outside and still drunk, staggering around the dock. He finds a plant that he believes to be marijuana, and uses his knife to cut off a few leaves. He heads toward the boathouse, happily sniffing at his new treasure. Okay, so the movie has a 2-track mind. I stand corrected.
ZP: Mmmhhh...
They buried him on December 22, they wanted it done before Christmas. Fresh snow had fallen and there was an almost virginal shimmer over the landscape as they followed the coffin out of the church. Their daughter cried. She wanted a large grave stone, due to guilt, maybe.
I watch some of the fine programming content Comedy Central makes available through their web page, which unfortunately means I see the same small set of commercials over and over again, ad nauseum (see what I did there?).
I loved him when he was sober, for then he was a kind gentle father who could calm you no matter how bad the storm was.
Dear Miss Despert Hart,
Let this idea in and feel the terror of the awful realization of alien immediacy-- its presence beyond real or illusion; its presence in all aspects of our lives--our past, present, future. Letting this in brings a boon, enlightenment, the understanding that everything is connected to everything else on every level--so you can visit the other side of your hand on Mars in 1937 and find your watch inside a Chinese box found on the bottom of the ocean unopened since the Ming Dynasty, and find your grandfather alive in the microscopic villages along the ear hair your grandson. And the sun is just a reflection of your iris. And without looking out of your door you can know all things on earth and even if you never look farther than your own backyard maybe one day you'll notice that the very farthest reaches of outer space are right at your fingertips and the vacation you will take this summer is being remembered right now in the bathroom you just walked out of three months ago. And the cares of tomorrow / must wait / til this day is done.
It's only midafternoon, but at this point I figure I should get back to the hotel and check my email before my guide picks me up for my tour of Zhangjiajie.
This is going to ruffle a lot of feathers, but the truth needs to be heard.
This is just a quick message to invite our friends and family to join us in Screen Free Week. It goes from April 30-May 6th. (It used to be called TV Turnoff Week!)
If all of these odd jobs are on a list, you won’t forget to do them. Then, try to do at least one or two of these odd jobs per week, throughout spring.
As kings and priests, we are to be anointed just as Aaron was. He heavily saturated himself! Why shouldn’t he? He was about to partake of the Lord’s presence!
Our premarket predictions on following stocks are as under for information
Zoot alors (that's French for "holy shit"!) Ziva, well done. Congratulations. You be hangin' with dufus this week. What do you say we hop on over to my dentist and we can suck back a canister of laughing gas. Good times! Of course you might argue it's really light. And I'd have to counter with it being less filling.
In the same controller there was some code that used the ‘as JSON’ construct to serialise some objects to JSON. This stopped working.
Thomas Mitchell Lost Horizon
“The blame is only against those who oppress men with wrong doing and insolently transgress beyond bounds through the land, defying right and justice: for such there will be a penalty grievous.”
One of the solutions to the problem is staring us in the face. It lies within the parents, teachers, and others who influence children’s behaviors. Maybe if we correct the problem as it arises, we can stop the cycle of bullying.
it's unusual not to have any fears. but maybe that fool is at play?
as e’er beneath a waning moon was haunted
A 2011 post-holiday shopping study by Google and Ipsos OTX also depicts consumers using their smartphones at many different points in the purchase path. For instance, 46% of smartphone users who used their mobile device for holiday shopping said they researched an item on their smartphone then went to a store to make their purchase. And 37% said they researched an item on their smartphone then made their purchase online on a computer. Holiday shopping data indicates that no matter the purchase channel, mobile devices are likely to play a role in a mobile user’s purchase process.
1 tbsp white wine vinegar
My third thesis brings me around to one of John’s titles: “the Apostle of Love.” There is nothing so guaranteed to produce lengthy outbursts of praise, complete with lots of repetition, as love. John, possessed of childlike vitality and sagacious patience, was possessed by love. “See what kind of love the Father has given to us,” he says in one place, in astonishment; and “we love because he first loved us.”[5] He is love’s contemplative, and he cannot help but turn over and over in his mind the glory, the steadfast love, and the faithfulness of God, as it was perfected in his dear friend Jesus of Nazareth.
And how many doctors and nurses making babies swallow rotavirus vaccines know that?
So I know that everyone is loving the "pop of color" trend right now (including myself), but why not take it a step further and make that color a neon? I've been seeing lots of pastels in stores since it's finally Spring, but I've also been seeing bright neons, like yellow and green! From runways to Forever 21, these colors are sure to catch your eye, and with the right styling and pieces, this can be a great trend for everyone this Spring and Summer! Whether it's on a bathing suit, accents on a wedge, or a full on dress, will you be rocking this trend?
So we’ve pretty much identified the four basic components of what rural folks worry about security wise. So what do we do with that? Quite simply we use those basic needs and desires to not only identify ourselves as a “tribe” but to support each other and reinforce local security. But how?
I have separated partners who continue to be a distraction and that is why I am a fan of the Toobaloos- I will simply ask them to clip down and partner-up with a Toobaloo. The kids really do like them, so it's not a punishment, just a nice way to keep the class managed.
Name: Zofia Roblenska Kohl
On the other hand: will we really experience new things if we avoid places / people / situations just because they’re strange or new to us? The feelings of insecurity, pain, fear and discomfort can very well mean that something new is happening. Are we looking at those feelings through the eyes of the adventurer?
i've had a few of those moments,
Oh, and Xena is home safe and sound. Happy. Sleeping right now. I'm so grateful to everyone who helped me find her--thank you to everyone who posted on their blog or shared on their facebook page or tweeted for me. We love our big (Xena weighs 75 pounds and stands over 5 feet on her hind legs) sweetheart who most probably kissed the burglars until they left out of frustration instead of fear.
Paul Clark, joint administrator, said: “Since our appointment as administrators on February 14, it has been essential to review the cost structure of the Club’s operations and make every effort to achieve efficiencies to help improve the trading position. As part of this programme, Ali Russell, the Club’s Chief Operating Officer and Gordon Smith, Director of Football, have agreed to leave the Club.
Taking control of the Clearviewing - as much as such things were ever controlled - Rel went looking for what Rissad was up to. The faces flickered, growing vaguer, and hunger ate at them. The fake-terror face vanished, and the other two became gaunt. Moving into the future, then.
Duration 3 Hrs.
1/4 a cup of toasted Walnuts
The Temple Restaurant
How can we make sense of something
Homebrew and home vented wine and mead are out of the count… I’m just too lazy!
8. See letter to Jack Straw dated 15th February 1999 in the Macpherson Report.
And guess what? He brought a friend! Two snakes! How fun! Not. Thankfully, the DH was home and he wrangled them on to the deck.
all the necessary sewing equipment needed
“The purpose of this law is to protect vulnerable young people from sexual exploitation for those people in positions of power or authority,” Judge Thornton said.
Make it according to the directions- boil in water for 30 to 40 minutes, serve with main course. No stock, no seasonings, and throw out the water. The website says the water has nutrients, so throw it out? I decided to treat it like a cross between how I was taught to cook Spanish rice by my South American friend, and how I was taught to make risotto.
Author: Wikipedia: “William Olaf Stapledon (May 10, 1886 – September 6, 1950) was a British philosopher and author of several influential works of science fiction.”
…while the rest of the family remained inside, upstairs.
Icy braclets enclosed first his ankles, then his knees. The cold struck his groin with a shock but he kept going. Soon he was up to his neck and gasping for breath. Within moments he became aware of the fact that the water felt quite warm. He began to swim. The indistinct, twinkling barrier filled his eyes. It was as if he had morphed into a different creature entirely, one that could fly through the thick atmosphere of the reservoir, pushing the medium aside with its limbs. He quickly became aware of a feeling of deep water beneath him. He felt like a character he thought he'd seen in a Chagal painting, flying over fields, churches, villages, like an angel.
♥ I don't speak english very well, so forgive me if I have any mistakes!
ME: Actually yes. I am looking for a book called the Chicago Manual of Style. (Notice I didn’t give any additional info because I wanted to see how far this rabbit hole of knowledge went.)
The fangtooth or ‘ogre fish’ is one of the many weird deep sea creatures. I remember being fascinated by them when I was younger. So freaking scary! Probably after one of those puppies appeared in a cartoon version or something. I remember also seeing an angler fish in one of the Disney’s I believe. The little light was the thing that was most scary oddly enough.
If, therefore, God desires every knee to bow to Jesus and every tongue to confess Him, so should we. We should be ‘jealous’ (as Scripture sometimes puts it) for the honor of His name—troubled when it remains unknown, hurt when it is ignored, indignant when it is blasphemed, and all the time anxious and determined that it shall be given the honor and glory which are due to it. The highest of all missionary motives is neither obedience to the Great Commission (important as that is), nor love for sinners who are alienated and perishing (strong as that incentive is, especially when we contemplate the wrath of God, verse 18), but rather zeal—burning and passionate zeal—for the glory of Jesus Christ.
Here is what the manufacturer says:
Anyway, that's the homework done. Now back to work.
1 Tbsp. worcestershire
Food cravings: Sushi, sushi, sushi. And Flips chocolate covered pretzels. I tried the peanut butter ones, and they’re equally delicious. Hence why I probably gained 2 lbs. in a week!
neither confounding the Persons, nor dividing the Substance.
Toe nails and hair growing quicker than usual.
There are three kinds of dogs: ornamental, alarm, and security. Ornamental dogs are fashion accessories for overnight-sensation-media-attention-seeking-starlet-poptarts and for those who choose to emulate them. You know what I mean. These dogs are kept in purses. They are dolled up. They even dress similarly to their owners. Nails painted the same color, and such. These poor things forget they are dogs because they are never allow to experience the fullness of doghood. When the poptart tires of the dog or the dog misbehaves enough (as in, I’m tired of this crap…leave me alone), then the dog is no longer cute. The poor thing gets replaced with a newer or different model as quickly as the poptart can change lipstick. I always feel for these dogs. They deserve much better than they get. Hopefully, once they are out of the spotlight, they get adopted by a much better family who will treat with the respect a dog deserves.
As always with Lotsa Luv and XOXO.J.
But giving negative feedback is a necessary aspect of the job. Kendall, like all managers, had to figure out how to make it work for her and her employees. Read the post to see her suggestions.
4. I don’t like the sluggish feeling when I do go cold turkey. All that lethargy is not fun.
He wasn't at all who I'd thought He'd be,
LJ Fort: It’s all a mentality thing, like I said before if you play like you are 250 lbs. then you will play that way. When you play with that mentality you will always be that much better.
This post isn't a cry for help, a plea for pity, or a goodbye. It's simply a statement that the tank is empty at this moment in time. I will write when I have something I want to write. But I'm not going to force it, and am not going to post just because I haven't posted in x days.
to the same frontier at Hendaye, on the Bay of
The nation’s entry into World War II brought an end to all WPA projects, and the Historical Commission shifted its collecting focus to that of gathering and compiling records and papers to document the state’s role in the war.
Separate the dough into 4 rectangles on a baking sheet. Press the seams together to seal. Top the dough with 4 heaping teaspoons of crumbs. Press into the dough.
I suspect can even name the PR company responsible for the bleh horror that is her website. Shrug.
my family ni gangsta sikit.
As I’m going through my phone I realize that I have a lot of photos that need to be deleted. I save all my photos on my computer, so there’s no need keeping them on my phone taking up space, right? Well, that’s where the logical part of my brain shuts down and my emotional, sentimental brain takes over. I try to justify my actions by filling my head full of crazy reasons, “But, what if I want to show someone this specific picture one day?”
What do I need to do to start making money online?
“khamoshi ko khamoshi se, zindagi ko zindagi se baat karne do
“Worthy Is The Lamb” by Hillsong Live
If there are any tatters in the area who might have a few free minutes sometime between the 18th and 27th of November, let me know.
Claw Boys Claw Rosie NL
We wrestle every day with one desire or another, with the next need or want or craving. Our minds are restlessly making decisions or avoiding them. Honestly, many of us do not win half of our battles and things go awry and not our way.
And yeah, travelling is fun, and Bounty is beautiful and Fiji is full of awesome people but I’m really happy to be back in Safari Lodge trying new things and improving my kiteboarding skills.
Libby appears at his table. "Hugo."
Or you’re gonna regret
Knowing you have a natural gift and talent with words and only wanting to reach out to the masses.
I found a piece of lace netting from Websters Pages that was just the right colour. I used that one on both my pages, but in different ways. I also was lucky enough to find a small scrap of white that I had completely forgotten about!
Although the KSDE removed this requirement, another requirement was not put in place of it. USD#470 decided that one credit of CTE classes would replace it.
Here is Jules' first attempt (note the red dot on his forehead):
"Oh, good gravy...
(Note that the option to remove books from the shortlist for canvassing only applies to bad books. If you have what the jury considers a good book, canvassing is not against the rules, and no one will go looking for it. Nothing unfair about that, is there?)
- billions of U.S. taxpayer dollars in grants and other payments given to scientists and environmental groups for their so-called research
Life is so bizarre sometimes! We purchased a thickness planer for Jim’s shop through eBay two weeks ago. The seller was in a town close to us, so we contacted them and asked if we could pick the planer up at their warehouse. After multiple contacts, they finally responded and said yes we could pick it up there and they would refund the shipping amount. We picked it up; it works fine. However, they refunded the entire amount to us – the cost of the item plus the shipping amount. I emailed them and told them – they responded with a nice note saying they appreciated our honesty and that usually when this occurs, they never hear from the buyer and lose their money. Hmmmm…sounds like this has happened before.
*Dress like a bug and carry an apple…”Fruit fly”
9. Savvy Ingrid Law
My husband was going to fast with me, but changed his mind and asked when I would end mine as he would like to continue my fast. This is something different. I am wondering how it will go as I was planning to fast at least a week to ten days, depending on the weight loss which is one purpose of my regular January fast. As to the spiritual part, I had some things to discuss with my Lord. Actually, I always do, so no fast goes without the spiritual aspect.
In fact, now that Nachos Grande is back to being fully functional, I think he's got another break coming!
4, 300 foot rows all trenched by hand.This year we were very fortunate and lucky to have our friend Jim Johansen (of Wesley acres produce) let us borrow his awesome antique potato planter. I was so happy when he offered it to us to use. With what took 3 days to do last year only took a mere 1 1/2 hour to do this year!! I could not believe it! I must have one. This thing trenched,buried,and Hilled the rows. And of course my mom and nephew wanted to try it. My nephew was actually better at it than the rest of us.
I haul ass back onto the highway. I take an exit that I thought would take me directly to the first accident scene. Well this doesn’t. It takes me to a service road that will put me on the highway just after the accident. I could have took that but decided to drive over the grass median. I slowly jump the curb and Splash!!! I was in what felt like 2 feet of water / mud. I lightly hit the accelerator because I know if I stop I’ll be stuck. I can hear the mud just flying all over my car. I was able to get out of the mud and start toward the scene. I get back the scene and I’m praying that there are no fatalities.
Now for the details....the cases are made from 88% Post-Consumer Recycled Materials and feel similar to a hardback book. The inside iPad holder is made from leather. We like them because they protect the screen and flip open to read like a book. And lets face it, we like them just because they are colorful and fun!
Well, I’m guilty, i admit it, but i can defend myself saying that I’ve been posting in italian on the other website Wozuup that currently has some followers.
A guy arrives at a backyard party, waves to no one in particular, and meekly says “hi everybody.” Nobody even notices. “TOO LIGHT,” proclaims the ad. Then the same guy is shown crashing through the back fence in a fire-spewing monster truck. “TOO HEAVY,” for sure. In contrast, we’re told, the beer that’s right for you is “not too heavy, not too light.”
This year’s highlights will include:
Can't wait to catch up on all my favourite blogs I'm going to have one hell of a self indulgent evening at the very first opportunity.
Is it any wonder that we don't hear much about these things? None of this means that we shouldn't hear about Nazi brutality and evil, nor does it mean that contemporary Jews bear guilt for the deeds of some of their fellows. (But strangely the zeal for hunting down Nazi war criminals was never matched by one hunting down Communist mass murderers.) However, it puts a crimp in the Jewish notion that they have been unique victims, and in the notion that Germans have been uniquely evil.
Writes Patricia Kilday Hart, Shapiro "zeroed in an a study by the Legislative Budget Board earlier this year examining the employment status of paroled inmates who had received vocational training. Lawmakers wondered why inmates who received the training did not seem to have much better luck finding jobs than those who did not."
So if you've ever wanted to learn the classic crane fold, come by and see me!
Me: "I don't know. What's blue and lives on the moon?"
Chuck’s Never-Ending Daddy Issues
1 cup granola
There's a fat old lady outside the saloon;
- Date of birth
"Yep, Lexi."
Grease and flour a bundt pan. Crumble pecans in bottom of pan.
I read this quote after my competitive rowing career had finished. Maybe I would not have understood it had I seen it when I was rowing anyway. Looking back on my days as an elite athlete, I think of how differently I would have approached many situations.
And then once recovered, what do you do next? Training for these babies is full on and gives you a real focus. Running 4+ days a week and doing more and more miles and seeing improvements along the way, really gives you a boost and focuses the mind. So when it’s all over, there’s a gap – at least for a bit. For a lot of people if you don’t enter races that often, what now? Enter another race. This year is London’s year and there are lots of great running events on. One I’d only just heard about is the British 10k London on Sunday 8th July – a week or so before the London Olympics and covering part of the planned Olympic Marathon route. Covers a lot of the great sights you see on the London Marathon and the Royal Parks Foundation 1/2 and “only” 6.25 miles (10km) and 25,000 people – so a great crowd running through normally busy roads in central London. See the route plan below:
"And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose." - Romans 8: 28
1. Turn the oven broiler on. Rub the peppers in olive oil and place on a baking tray. Place under the broiler and watch carefully. As soon as the peppers upper surface begins to char, remove the peppers from the oven and turn. Repeat on all 4 sides until the peppers are completely charred. Place in a sealed bag and allow to cool. The condensation will make the peppers easy to peel.
I got to Norman Regional Healthplex this morning at 6:27 and was given a buzzer at registration so they could call me back, because they didn't open for another 3 minutes. They called me back, verified my information, put a bracelet on me and I waited. I got called back again shortly after and was taken back to a room and given the fizz-less orange drink. She told me I had 5 minutes to drink it...I was thirsty and I didn't have time to mess around, so it was gone in less than a minute...and it really wasn't that bad. I told Adam it tasted like a stronger version of the Hi-C Orange at McDonalds that had been mixed right. He understood that analogy...lol
Now you may think all this was a lot of activity for a man who had nearly lost his leg, and you'd be right. During a season in Las Vegas he threw himself around so much on stage that he had to have a metal plate permanently inserted. Pretty soon, his finances were in equally bad shape and, midway through one tour, he absconded to Alaska with all the band's money.
to protractors.
And for thy sake, that all like dear didst buy,
The opposite of freedom is constraint. To “constrain” is to imprison, force or severely restrict. Constraint is a consequence of sin. Just as shame limits our ability to see one another in innocence, constraint limits our ability to make a free gift of ourselves. This constraint is manifested in many ways, and we feel it in the form of uncontrolled passions. Especially, the urge to misuse each other is toxic to freedom. This results in a lack of freedom to give oneself. Without the ability to give of ourselves, we lose the ability to know who we are. By inhibiting our freedom to give of ourselves, the constraints of sin—uncontrolled passions—touch precisely on our ability to be known and find ourselves. We must learn self-control in order for us to achieve freedom.
So I was talking to a friend earlier today who will remain nameless, and she has a dilemma she needed help with. Let’s call her Lucy, like Ace and TJ do. So Lucy is a recent UNC Charlotte graduate (I freaking miss having classes with her). She applied to several graduate schools and has been accepted to all of them, except for the one she hasn’t heard from – University of Massachusetts. After deliberation she has narrowed it does to three schools. Two are in the U.S. and one is in England.
But inspiring anorexia is not the only worry--overweight and obesity can arise from eating disorders, too. There's a note made of eating disorders in the Report from the White House Task Force on Childhood Obesity, and one lone eating disorder specialist was at the first-ever White House Childhood Obesity Summit in April. But eating disorders in general are outside the rubric of the campaign. The focus on NOT talking about weight, however, now seems to have become a regular part of Mrs. Obama's rhetoric.
Provocative and elegantly argued, On the Origins of Jewish Self-Hatred challenges widely held notions about the history and meaning of this idea, and explains why its history is so badly misrepresented today.
212"Obedient slumbers that can wake and weep;"
Finding a planet that could potentially support life is a major step toward answering the timeless question: Are we alone?
(Release: Spring 2008)
This week, the lovely and talented Kasia has provided our sketch, based on this beautiful card. (Be sure to check out her cool tutorial, too!) What I really love about it is how open to interpretation it is ~ the possibilities are endless!
We have our untrasound on wednesday....tell me what you think it'll be? What kind of vibes are ya getting? I know what I'm feeling, but I'm not gonna say. All those that guess right will go into a drawing for something fun that I've been in the mood to sew (maybe a minkee, skirt for your girl, baby burp cloths...i don't know...something). I can't wait for wednesday or in mommy language..."two more sleeps!"
Tuesday – Toad in the hole with roasted new potatoes and vegetables
Here’s the thing to the negative people of the world, it’s time to just smile. This life is too short to continue to be down and talk about how horrible this and that is. Bad things happen, we get it, but you don’t need to continue to share to a world who doesn’t want to listen. Now, I am not saying hold it all inside, talk out issues with close friends and loved ones as they are near (Not on Facebook or Twitter).
"How can we fight against them unless we see them, or overcome them unless we face them? Our victory does not consist in being unconscious of them but in not consenting to them, and not to consent to them is to be displeased with them." (Introduction to the Devout Life)As we begin this novena let us follow the direction of the beloved St. Francis de Sales by calling to mind our sins and expressing true contrition to God. Let us consider our work and business dealings, our duties and responsibilities and discover where sin has tainted them. Let us lift up our voices in asking the Holy Spirit to help us conquer these sins through grace and devotion. Most especially, let us realize that our vocation in life is lifted up by humility, prayer and devotion, sanctifying our own lives and the lives of those we come in contact with.
Remember we moved from the NT to the 'rat? Then 2 months after we moved, Maybs got sick. And then the bit I didn't tell you.....the real kick you in the guts stuff..... husband was sacked from his job.
“That’s fine, of course,” replied Rothmon, “but I do wonder… what became of your two Hobbit companions?”
KERS harvesting (charging the batteries under braking) will also have a similar effect as brake bias. Drivers can alter this setting from the steering wheel.
There was no warning beyond the scream from the Force to duck. A golden blade burned the ozone where his head had just been before Ken had even registered movement. Not having time for anything fancy, the Jedi Counselor threw himself into a forward roll and, rising to his feet, light the back end of his weapon and snapped it at the Sith’s lower back. But the Sith’s second golden blade was there to meet his attack and bat it away even as the dark warrior spun, bringing his right leg up and thrusting a boot into Ken’s gut hard enough to lift him off his feet.
With this premise, the film pours forth mysterious yet majestic visual sequences depicting the cosmos, our molten earth, prehistoric era where dinosaurs roam, early life forms, the roaring ocean, blood streams, fetal heartbeats. The first part.
So, what I have to do, and it’s tragic however you look at it, is fire at one of those houses. The first place that they fire at me from, even though there are children on the roof, I will immediately fire on it, and some of those children will be killed – because I have no choice, because I have no other means to protect myself. The terrorists took away from me the normal means of self-defense. It’s out of the question that I not protect myself, so I hope the terrorists will take the children off the roofs, and I will wait for them to take the children off the roofs in order to defend myself against the terrorists, but if they don’t take the children off the roofs, I will continue. I have no choice. A state cannot say “I will allow my citizens to be killed because the enemy has placed children on all the roofs and I will not kill children.”
Sexual corruption in the social care system unquestionably exists. I spent five grubby and frustrating months delving into it, and that in turn led to helping in a tiny way to unearth the cover-up at Stafford Hospital, plus the scandal of psychotherapists’ fees paid by bent social workers to get small people into their clutches. There are major centres of it in Plymouth, Liverpool and Bristol, and it is driven by the obsessive compulsion of a few senior people. In one or two cases, it is linked to an adoption racket. In one specific instance, there was clear evidence of police involvement in it.
she got a little white kitten as an EARLY birthday present from her nino.
It was Emily who was handling the organisation of our most recent event as part of the Kirkdale Pop Up. On 26th November, six days after Emily had emailed with the latest information, I received an email from her father saying that Emily had been taken ill and was in intensive care. In spite of the appalling anxiety he and his family were dealing with, he was kind enough to stay in touch with regular updates. We allowed ourselves to be cautiously optimistic when he told us she had regained consciousness and was making slow but encouraging progress.
EUGENIO ANGELES, Fiscal of City of Manila, respondent.
We took a break to go get some lunch and journeyed into town to the “Lost Maples Cafe”. All the times we have been to Utopia we haven’t eaten there……a mistake we won’t make again.
If you haven’t checked out the record 1) Where have you been? 2) What have you been doing? 3) Why do you hate your ears?
After letting the candles burn for about an hour, the only slight heat we noticed was around the jar mouth just underneath the wood, but it's not nearly enough to cause any problems. In general, the heat seems to head straight out the jar openings, so we think it's plenty safe as long as the candles are monitored. Also, it might come in handy that I just learned (from Pinterest, of course) that I can either freeze or bake my Mason jars to remove old wax. Someday I'd like to have a legitimate light fixture here, but in the meantime we're going to enjoy the dickens out of this redneck chandelier!
Strawberry: 4th – SU chocolate chip, 3rd – SU cherry cobbler, 2nd – SU regal rose, and 1st – SU pink pirouette
presented by Aaron Patterson and K.C. Neal & special guest blogger, (The Book Brunette, AKA Zombie Queen!)
latte, fruit tea and gorgeous ginger flapjacks all for £1.20
I wonder if Darwin had any idea of how strange we have become, dreaming up machines to feed every one of our needs.
Its feathered beauty, stretched
The term “banality of evil” was coined in attempt to describe the actions of the Nazis, and of the everyday citizens who performed unspeakable atrocities in the name of their country. Since then, this phrase has been used to describe the more mundane processes of serial killers and psychopaths, who adopt ideologies of “evil” as a normal, everyday lifestyle. The Dutch film “The Vanishing” stakes this concept literally as we follow the dull, boring life of mild-mannered Raymond Lermorne (Bernard-Pierre Donnadieu), a middle class high school chemistry teacher who plays with his kids, takes his family on vacations to their summer home, and clinically tests the effects of chloroform to more effectively kidnap his victims.
Nonstick cooking spray or melted butter to prep the waffle iron
My first day in "the field"-- my first day working in a hospital with another nurse/preceptor, I worked with Molly. She's literally about half my age-- 25 or 26. If you didn't know her, you'd think she was a sorority girl. But when you get to know her, she's anything but a sorority girl. She's smart and got a wicked sense of humor. When I'm working in the same hospital, she always checks up on me, and she's someone I can always call for advice and information.
After nearly an hour, the two came into sight of a cluster of shacks sitting on pilings near the headwaters of the Suwannee River. Long before, the river was made famous in the Stephen Foster song, Old Folks at Home. Pitcher laughed to himself every time he thought of Foster and the song. Foster had never visited the river when he wrote the song. He had even misspelled the name of the river “Swanee”.
6. Respect each other.Stop making jokes about her hair or skin, or whatever it is u love to laugh at. Ask urself if she thinks if its funny. And if he has an inferiority complex about his height, stop ogling at tall guys and make him feel worse! Love is about respecting each other's feelings and being sensitive to each other at all times.
now in that stead we straddle fences
The two met back in 2008 The actress, 39, have reunited with Sean “Diddy” Combs, her off-and-on hookup since 2008, when Combs pursued her during Oscars week, a source tells Us Weekly.
You have to release most of them immediately. They're carnivores, and if they're hungry they eat each other. They can be fantastic for the garden, and we're hoping the countless ones hopping all over our garden right now stick around to keep the pests down. (well, maybe not all of them, there are SO many) But, we kept 5 in the netting to watch them grow. Fortunately Drew was home early to help the girls out with this project. I'll say, we were all warming up to the little guys though.
This marvelous hotel is located in the city of Chandler and the brainchild of Dr. Alexander Chandler who founded the city in 1912. He named the hotel after Friar Marcos de Niza, a priest sent north to Mexico City in search of wealthy cities. The hotel’s grand opening was on November 22, 1913 to over 500 people including the vice president of the US, governor of AZ, congressmen, and many celebrities.
Before she donned her hair-shirt in self-recrimination, she informed him that she was going to tell her sister about what had happened. Of course he begged her not to, but she was determined to at least get that much off of her conscience. After she had finished packing and made herself a light meal, she sat down in the living room to wait for the family’s arrival. Earlier, Evie had phoned Waverley and let him know they would be home in a couple of hours, so the time was very near…in about twenty minutes or so. He stayed locked way in the room he shared with Evie.
Remember the plan to do complete sets of draught beers from a specific brewery for a specific year? I didn't think you would. We've finished Barclay Perkins beers from 1942 and can move on to the second set: Kidd from 1934.
It’s about the 3rd one this week. Its at a chocolate shop- Max Brenners. That place is awesome. I always go up to Newtown to go there. Now one is opening around the corner!
Originally a Christmas goodie...it can be enjoyed all year round. I have since discovered it is available at Sligro.
Mennonite Central Committee
The economy of the United States is based on the free flow of resources, energy, and the rights of consumers to buy and sell as they see fit. Any interference in this economic process quickly leads to shortages, rising prices, and civil unrest. The purpose of President Obama signing this new Executive Order is yet unclear, however, it may coincide with information coming out of Israel yesterday that plans for a tactical or strategic strike on Iran are accelerating. Oil prices in Europe rose over $3 a barrel for Brent crude after the Israeli actions, and US oil prices rose $2 for WTI.
Questioner with beard: “How much time did you spend in Kent researching the geography?”
I have been forcing myself to focus all my verbal energy on the mass quantities of papers that are required of an English and Spanish double major. Hopefully you will excuse me.
In a reversal of fortunes for both the Yankees and Sabathia, an home run in the bottom of the first inning hit by Justin Morneau, was instead called a foul ball thanks to video replay. The umpires playing a controversial role in the Bombers 5-4 loss to the Royals, got this call correct-as a replay from the Twins TV network showed the ball going foul.
Iwo Jima
although he understands the time frame that i chose..and he understands that im putting family first.. which is my son but every now and then…. i guess it wouldnt hurt to make a pit stop at least once a month…..
2. Not Fade Away - 16:27
Gratitude practice means facing reality and gaining awareness of the many aspects of yourself: your inner self, your one self, your subpersonalities, and those of the people around you. It means understanding and embracing your shadow. It means letting go of a need to control yourself and others, it means growing compassion for those who have hurt you, it means being aware of the difficult parts of your life and still being able to reach into your pocket on a dark, snowy night just before you leap from a bridge to find that small, innocent petal. Gratitude is the ultimate expression of hope.
So it’s OKAY! Hard to believe I will just have one child left in school ( not counting the 3 in college. Tadd will graduate this May and has accepted a job in Cincinnati ( another new chapter) He leaves Purdue just as Troy goes.
50 Perfectly Vertical KBS 24/16kg
All told, eight people lost their lives—six Black and two white.
The conduct of the State is therefore fundamental to the conduct of a huge slice of the business activity in our country. If the behaviour in the majority of our commercial relationships is improper, that is good reason for the cynical attitudes and poor standards which flourish.
and I am dainbread.
DJ Jazzy Jeff and the Fresh Prince
-tinuous. Mystery
My ultimate destiny
(Servants enter.)
I would contend that the mass third world immigration into every single Western nation has created conditions which will lead to the destruction of the native European peoples, at very least in part.
The Third and last section of Gran Via under construction - looking up the slope from Plaza España
2. St. Louis Rams
(Sorry, the video is boring, so just sit back and listen to the woman groove.)
'But since we are constantly being exhorted to exercise independence of mind and apply scientific methods, undoubtedly the best way would be to knock on the janitor's door and say to him, 'If you would like a nice new barometer, I will give you this one if you tell me the height of this skyscraper'. '
Turmeric powder - 1/4 + 1/4 teaspoon
Police said they asked the first caller to phone Norwich City Council’s dog wardens. So the police didn’t think it likely they were wolves? Well, that’s reassuring. I suppose…
There was a little blond haired, green eyed, american-born girl who due to some strange twist of fate was born with an intense connection to the Latino culture. Her name was Tiffany Joy. She loved to speak spanish, dance salsa and play bossa nova on her guitar. One day, no longer able to deny the "call to the south" she left her family and friends behind and moved to Buenos Aires where she miraculously fell in love with a beautiful Colombian boy named Dani. He invited her to travel to his country where she was warmly embraced by his family and friends. Two of those friends being a lovely couple, who had just decided to join their lives together by marrying, there names are Alejandro and Clara.
I’ve missed a lot of soccer practice this season taking Bugaboo to find the potty, which is inside the school building, about 200 yards from the soccer field. At roughly yard 199, Bugaboo informed me that she did not actually need to use said potty, but had merely wanted to go for a walk with me, and that she was tired of everyone playing attention to Beanie, Mr. Man, and Baby Guy.
It is finally, really, 100% totally sale season here in central Ohio - hooray! It means I should be back much more often with stuff to show off and things to blog about. :)
I love Bournemouth beach, whether the sun is shining or it’s pouring with rain. It’s just a fantastic place to be, and to photograph. There’s something about it. I think maybe the tide and the waves hypnotise you and pull you back to them time and time again. They certainly seem to be having that affect on me. This isn’t part of my ‘One-a-Day’ photo blog, that ended yesterday but I couldn’t resist posting another photo to start the month of May off.
The Dani are equally short on cuisine. The staple is the sweet potato, and the pot bellies on the naked children running wild in the villages betray a lack of protein. “Pot bellies mean peace,” the guide jokes, hinting that the only time the Dani enjoy meat with their one veg is after a ruck with the neighbours.
Now usually I don’t do horror. I’m such a coward that I couldn’t even bring myself to go and see Daniel Radcliffe in Women in Black. I mean E.T absolutely terrifies me and that’s a family film (supposedly). Yet I couldn’t help myself with this. Whoever came up with turning a classic into a zombie story is a bit of genius.
Brandom’s account of deontic scorekeeping, which I endorse, requires a form of strong permission. What it is to be entitled to a theoretical or practical commitment must be independent of what it is to be committed to it in order for his account of the various inferential relations (permissive, committive, and incompatibility) that constitute conceptual content to get off the ground. This means that I can’t hold that obligation and permission are straightforwardly interdefinable, and thereby makes it harder for me to uphold the unity of the deontic proposed above. I don’t have a complete solution to this problem, but I have a rough strategy. Although I don’t think that all forms of permission can be simply reduced to a corresponding notion of obligation, I do think that what distinguishes such strong forms of permission can be explained in terms of the ways in which they function as reasons for action. If I can then explain the general structure of this kind of reasoning in terms of the fundamental obligations that underlie it, I will have indirectly explained permission in terms of obligation. This strategy would not only shore up the unity just mentioned, but would also secure the primacy of the notion of obligation discussed above. However, this isn’t so well worked out, so I won’t discuss it further.
Sometime in early December, those suited up cuntards at UEFA showed the World the teams that will have post-Valentine dates with each other.
As for my own discomfort - keep in mind, your talking about someone that flew to the other side of the planet to have their genitals realigned with their correct gender in their mind. NO MAN would do this. No MAN would ever part with their penis. No real man would want a vagina. AND, no real female would want to have a penis, given the choice.
These feelings — being nagged by this constant guilt — is what has aggravated my disordered eating of late.
#1 doubles Adam White and Shane Spencer defeated D. Cowling and S. Burbridge (6-0) (6-2)
The contextual menu of the Flash Library.
I have become that which I really, really don't like.
I own your nation's media,
The same could be said for what happens to the attackers when Hills catches up with them. The methods used to hasten their demise are graphic and disgusting although there are some darkly humorous elements of poetic justice.
she is stretching out her legs,
Today we were accepted into the Mountain View Art and Wine Festival and the Los Altos Art and Wine Festival, and we're waiting to hear on three others. Additionally, Mackie has scheduled the Holiday Food and Gift Festival in Tacoma to display her pottery. We're both really excited about the future and looking forward to seeing you at our upcoming shows!
Geoffrey Lewis was solid, but I didn't feel he was all that different from what I have seen him in in the past. Which isn't a bad thing... just an observation really. The man has been in tons of stuff that I know I have seen and cannot think of any of it off hand. He was in Thunderbolt and Lightfoot which I really need to sit down and watch one of these days.
as well as English?
Season to taste (this means add salt and pepper – in this case black pepper). The gazpacho will keep for a day or so, allowing you to prepare it the day before. Pour into a suitable bowl. I like to use a glass bowl to best display the rich colours. Garnish with coriander and shavings of parmesan and serve cold with chunky bread.
Ah. Spring.
Afterwards, we mostly relaxed. Abdu came over to my house and we watched Twelve Monkeys. It was an interesting movie and I think Abdu was a little confused at times, and so was I. By the end I more or less had a sense of what happened and did my best to explain it to him. It takes place entirely in America and so I did my best to explain the social cues and context of phrases, sentences and the meanings of certain things that he probably wouldn’t understand not being from America and not seeing a ton of American films. I think he got most of it. Afterwards, Bethany, Tim, Abdu, Dayyibu and I played Monopoly. Dayyibu and Abdu had a little bit of trouble at first since they had never played but I think the next time we play they’ll do much better.
There were some pretty great costumes as well. But both my daughter and I left saying, what was up with that blue dress and the bright orange bow that Snow wore in the closing scene. ???
How long he would have gone on I don't know, but at this juncture the train luckily stopped, and I heard the welcome shout of 'Pedding-ton, Pedding-ton,' which announced our arrival at the West End terminus.
I will be buying a pair of scissors, and document how i learned to cut my son's hair.
The manager’s voice boomed from several feet away. Helene didn’t answer. She gripped her guitar with trepidation and turned toward Sadie and Mara. They sat with their instruments slack-jawed but refusing eye contact with Helene.
- Don’t be disrespectful towards them. This might seem obvious to you, and you should treat your boss with respect regardless, but it's even more important in France. Think twice about snarky jokes or sarcasm.
PropertyGuruis holding a number of overseas property exhibitions in Singapore in the coming months, including the International Property Showcase which takes place on June 16-17 in Singapore. On the same weekend it’s hosting a Malaysia Property Showcase in Hong Kong, building on the success of its recent Malaysia-focused property events in Singapore. Property exhibitions featuring Thailand and Philippines properties are also planned for Singapore in the coming months.
Tuesday came and He started to come down with the cold. Now in the midst of all this chaos we are showing the house tonight. Yes it's still for sale.
In books that discuss cotton spinning, we're told that one end of cotton sliver will spin more smoothly than the other due to the direction of carding. So if your cotton is not spinning smoothly, flip the cotton sliver over to see if it spins more smoothly from the other end.
Many seriously harmful consequences from legalizing euthanasia could far outweigh any benefits it might have. Apart from its harmful impact on the societal value of respect for life, it would harm the institutions of law and medicine. Can we even imagine teaching medical students how to kill their patients?
The funny part is when we start defending our labels. We get mad, especially if someone does not agree with our point of view… Don’t they know how right we are??!!
In short, its a good book and its approach to the reader is a lot more easy going than a lot of the old CAMRA publications (sorry Protzy, I did nod off a bit during those last couple of books). Basically I can see any beer curious individual taking a lot from this very easily and as an insight to the current world of craft beer, there isn't really anything that's missed out.
.:: SYR6: Koncertas Stan Brakhage Prisiminimui is an EP by Sonic Youth. The sixth in a series of experimental releases put out on the band's own SYR label, the album is a live recording from an April 13, 2003 benefit show for the Anthology Film Archives. The band, joined by percussionist Tim Barnes, played along with silent Stan Brakhage films.
Don't know where that came from. I'm stuck in some kind of Martian imagery this week, and I imagined each blade of grass as a root-bound Martian, frozen by our strange weather (after all, it is red hot on their home planet), unable to move as paws and boots came down upon them.
In this instance, Stoke were hardly solely to blame. Aston Villa haven’t improved any since that soporific goalless draw at the Brit on Boxing Day, and this at times, resembled trench warfare more than a football match, a stalemate with plenty of ineffective aerial bombardment from both sides and the usual wrestling and push me-pull you nonsense at set plays.
Paisley baby, paisley thumb,
First person is a great way to tell a story. It offers an immediacy and an intimacy that is incredibly hard to capture in other forms of writing. But it does have some disadvantages and they should definitely be considered before you charge into the fray. I’m not saying don’t do it (Mostly because I adore first person) but if you do be aware of the choices that you’re making and do it well.
Inner-break done. Now back to Larry Sanders.
Flies to that heavenly sphere
It's quite disappointing.
The jar that sits, on top of the cupboard by the window
Oneness does not understand this. It doesn’t know what “needing” anything means. Aboriginals, who remain in unity-consciousness, and other indigenous people, do not know what “need” means; whatever they need just appears because they are in harmony with nature. If we really knew, we could just think the thought “warm” and it would be so. We have the capability to change anything in the reality from within. But many of us feel that we are just people, with no power and no say regarding how things are in creation.
Well this week while cleaning and organizing guess what I found.....
- I say: Who is the father of Dr Eleanor’s baby? Oh she doesn’t know.
WW: Tell us about the competition you’re running to promote Write A Great Synopsis?
I shot this a few months back when it was still getting dark early and the temps were down around 40f / 4c
It has been quite some time since I last cook Dalcha Curry. Dalcha curry goes along well with all types of roti (bread). This is a mildly spiced curry; therefore kids would normally take it. To speed up preparation time, I soaked the dhall beans for around 4 hours before cooking it. If you want to soak the beans overnight, then you better leave them in the fridge to prevent the beans from turning bad.
A couple of weeks ago, we attempted to go on a Cub Scout "hike". Unfortunately, we had the wrong day so, nobody was there except for our neighbors that strangely enough made the same mistake that we did. Since it was a nice afternoon, we decided to do our own hike with our 4 boys, and our neighbor's 2 boys.
...but, with modifications, the look of the monster itself, as you can see by comparing the frame from the movie above with this illustration from the magazine. In the movie the beast is identified as a "rhedosaurus", a species that does not exist in the annals of paleontology. It's fun to believe that the first two letters of the beast's name stand for the "RH" of Ray Harryhausen (Harryhausen denies it, but I think perhaps he doth protest too much).
1/3 cup granulated sugar
What makes this important in David, is that Gabriele is posing for such a work of art. Which brings up all sorts of questions about how you know, before it has acquired any reputation, whether a work is likely to endure or not. Of course you can’t know what external forces – fire, flood, war – might destroy it but does the artist or the model know when they are part of something as great as the David or Leonardo’s portrait?
take half a heart from one person, put it in another, and have them
First up was a camping trip with Paul. We headed up to Boyne City, Michigan, stayed at a very expensive state park, and road some terrific hilly roads around the area. To be camping again was great, even if it wasn’t my usual accommodations. Paul brought along a spacious 9x9 tent and two vintage cots. Luxury!! It felt great to have time off again, the racing team has me working a lot of hours and a lot of days. Too soon though, we had to head back. Paul hasn’t achieved retirement yet and the j.o.b. was calling him. Retirement will come soon, we hope. Plans have been made....
At the United Nations, the South African delegation protects its tyrannical allies (such as Mugabe and the military junta in Burma) by protesting against outside interference with governments that abuse human rights. The current South African delegation’s arguments are nearly identical to the arguments that the apartheid regime once used when it insisted that foreigners should remain silent about oppression in South Africa.
Though we are limited in what we can share because of copyrights, I wanted to share one little nugget with you all:
The Government PR machine in in full defensive mode. It is, perhaps, not the best idea, when trying to convince people that you have behaved with utter scrupulousness, to make a statement which contains a big whopper. And Jeremy Hunt did just that. Unfortunately, none of the media seem to be challenging this line and it is increasingly repeated by every hapless MP wheeled out to defend the beleaguered Secretary of State.
Despite the fact that I semi-shut up my hearing, I could soak up your feelings.
Daniel begins to feel just as lonely as he discovers Sarah has applied to college and will leave home soon. Concerned with the thought of losing both Sarah and Briony, Daniel busies himself helping his neighbor Shoup overcome the prejudice of the townspeople who refuse to do business with an African-American merchant. Before long, business is booming and Daniel is too busy to notice that Sarah has made a trip to the West Coast to smooth things over with Briony. When Daniel returns home from work, he questions an extra place setting at the table. Daniel soon learns a very special friend has returned to Canaan.
Post 97 of 180
If you like to get your blood pressure up and have little value for your precious time, spend a few hours looking at the Primary/Secondary Education and Curriculum Standards for your state or province. The vast majority of these standards are developed around the concept that a liberal arts education - as opposed to a more focused "skills training" type of education - is the best choice to ensure that students are able to think critically and expansively and to solve problems. There are actually some pretty good arguments to be made in favor of a liberal arts education. Personally, I am not a big fan of any approach that dictates that there is a specific body of knowledge that you need to have in order to succeed in the world; there are simply too many examples of healthy, happy, productive people who know so many disparate things - and don't know so many others - to categorize "good" and "bad" education so simplistically. I also don't subscribe to a pedantic ("I teach you") school of thought when it comes to education, because I believe that people learn best when they enjoy what they are learning and are able to apply those learnings to some practical use.
When I am literally killed by happiness from any of the above encounters, I want to be dressed very stylishly as I lay in a heap on the cobblestone.
He played all night, he trained all day, to pay the bills he had to pay
I feel my cheeks get hot. The muscles in my neck tense like tightening cords. “You also happen to be the person who has tried more than anyone else to kill superheroes.”
Nokia Music Store
17. We'll Sing in the Sunshine - Helen Reddy
¼ cup plus 2 tablespoons of oil (75 ml)
Thank you all again, and please pray for another strong Beta next Friday!
and my baby brother wants a choo-choo train and a dinosaur. please."
I used lots of eensy teensy gemstones on Millie's flowers and crown, stickles on Millie's dress, my spotty ribbon has a nice wee sheen to it and finally the Jenni Bowlin pin has a lovely sparkly diamonte band below the pearl - so there we have it - Millie the princess, sooooo pretty in pink and full of shiny sparkle!!
A swift kick to the stomach brings me back to the present. My body curls over in pain as I scream, “Jack please, p-please Hun; enough for tonight. I won’t leave you, w-we can talk about this in the morning.” I manage to get all of this out before the next kick to the ribs is received. Crack. He hears it, I know he hears it but that doesn’t stop him or slow him. I feel it, my rib snapping, and my eyes widening in pain. Too much, I think. I don’t know if I can handle much more of this, the darkness closing in on my eyes.
Hummmm....I just wonder to myself,how many will graduate from this school with an uncontrollable urge to become wee little toy makers.
Some say Islam is not a bad thing. Islam is a bad thing for the non-Muslims who do not want their society to regress to some anti-humanitarian tribal patriarchal past.
He plays piano.
I live in a boring part of California to match. It’s so boring that when I leave it, for LA or whatnot, I revert to a wide-eyed hick: “There are so many people! So many hills! It’s so bright at night! S0 noisy! The buses bend! The buildings are so tall! Omigod, I’m in the city!” I get all excited and then I go back home. I live in California, but I don’t consider myself to. It’s not the beach nor the city nor even a Redwood forest, and I can’t see the lights of Sea World from my house I like I used to be able to in my childhood home. This is the desert, and an area equivalent to a washed up beldame. My city is faded and forgotten; a hasbeen, the Slimcea Girl. It’s Norma Desmond… or so I thought.
definitely can’t wait for that, because both p’Mario and n’Fern have grown and improved since then, so i can’t wait to see what is planned for the 2nd installment!
The cool thing about my Doc, he likes beer. We usually spend a good 5 or 10 minutes talking about beer. What we have tried, where the best places in town to go drink beer, and about my blog. This Doc is so cool because his uncle is one of the Widmer Brothers.
WHY RENT THIS: Captures the connection between the Internet generation and their obsession with documenting everything in a very authentic way.
(Cassandra Peterson)
I have to mention as well that a couple of years ago Teen Titles got schools to come up with their 40 Best Books Ever and I was thrilled to find Fleshmarket named there - so, yes, I have a bit of a soft spot for them!
"For thousands of years, Mayans were expert practitioners of bee husbandry, and honey was an essential forest resourceâ€¦as a sweetener, as an antibiotic and as an ingredient in the Mayan version of mead. The Mayans, like other tropical forest cultures, worked with large-bodied meliponine bees that produce a variety of honeys. Their favorite, and one of the most productive species, has been Melipona beecheii, 'Xunan kab', which means, literally, 'royal lady'."
Mile 14: Stopped to take off our shoes and enjoy a short nap on some dude's front lawn. Been passed by several 75 year-old ladies, and two pre-teens running with stuffed teddy bears under their arms. Glad I'm not wearing anything that says Army, because Uncle Sam himself might suddenly apparate and rip my stripes of my sleeves for being such a wussy.
Either I am right or I am wrong here, but I am wiling to share my view for that 69 and risk my own life in pursuit of the truth because someone pulled me into this by blaming me for being behind Breivik.
Then this morning as I was standing behind him,wetting and combing his unruly morning hair, he reached his hands out behind him and hugged me even though I was standing behind him!
So, the difficult decision was made to have it removed.
- Bottled drinking water
Just five hours earlier, I was delivering food to a new client on my Meals on Wheels route when the tears surprised me. Mr. Blevens wore slacks and an ironed work shirt with a patch with his first name on it, and as I walked up his front steps, he looked as if he wasn't sure what to do with his hands. I introduced myself and as I gave him his meal, he looked at it and said, "God bless you, ma'am. Thank you. It sure is a good thing y'all do."
“During the first week, we couldn’t even find the camera because we were so nervous. Even while performing, we did a lot of big and small mistakes but I think we got a bit more relaxed now. It’s a relief that we got to show the image we worked hard to get ready.”(Suho)
Anyway, if it's relisted, I'll be sure and put a new link on here.
On Tuesdays, the Shoals Community Band rehearses from 7-8:30 pm They welcome past and current players of any band instrument and they have drums and percussion equipment available for percussionists. For details, go to www.shoalscommunityband.org.
As with most writers, there is a reason for my absence - one of those reasons flared up yesterday. A root canal that was installed in December 2010 failed Saturday night - split this premolar into two pieces. The long and short is yesterday, when my regular dentist was unable to fully extract the tooth and I ended up driving 1.5 hours south to Roanoke to have it removed (drilled out to be exact), and then drove that same distance home.
6. Garnish with fried onions.
Another favourite of mine is the snowtex. I have two types, one plain and one glitter. The one with glitter is the one I tend to lend my hand too over the festive season.
I missed the point of this hymn of praise:
Until you’ve read the poem in its whole.
Tuesday: rest (body rested, brain studying in overdrive!)
Next week I'm teaching a class called "Social Media 101 - A class for beginners (don't be a Weiner)."
I also made some Chocolate Fudge for my daughter to have through her vacation - though mine had Macadamia Nuts and Raisins in it and she picks all the nuts out!
Bunny Slippers: RV34,RV00,
Trout was excellent! She was charming. She was chatty. She was a ham. She climbed up the bleachers to look cute college girls in the eyes. She was given some steak jerky by a vendor which resulted in much "circus" behavior, barking and spinning. Trout the personality parade!
As you can see, I love Paris a little bit.
14 The Reorganization Act of the Department of Environment and Natural Resources.
This post is about me and one incident that happened to me and how I reacted.
Everyday she trusts unconditionally in all of us. I really don't know why. Some days I don't even trust myself. But I have never doubted God's hand in her life. She was intricately made and specifically chosen for her place in time. She is my teacher. Some how she knows that we will keep her safe. She reaches her hands into a constant oblivion. She steps into open space. She swims beneath the water's surface always knowing that we, you and I, will be there to pull her up. How she does it I do not know. What faith I though I had was only a false security in my mind. I want what she has. Peace. I want to know that there is someone there to protect and rescue me, even if I can't see them.
The guy that traded the chess set was getting long in the tooth and needed a knife to scrape his trail bars so he could eat them. He said he’d swiped the chess set from a homeless guy that’d passed out from too much wine in the parking lot down by an ALCO store in a small town in Western Kansas. I’d been carrying that thing around a long time.
In the circle following our last dance someone said, “Now John can see all our faces”.
It is of great comfort that in the midst of turmoil and change, the seasons provide a gentle backdrop of continuity and familiarity.
When your voices are heard about the injustices taking place in America on the backs of the middle class due to excessive greed in Capitalism and its refusal to use their profits to better us all so we can better ourselves, then they will continue with an overbalanced and unjust system that weighs heavily on the backs of the middle class while taking welfare and subsidies that only make the wealthy richer. Not many of us can claim to make 20 million a year while unemployed unless we earned it on the backs of others, won a lottery, or inherited the same. It is time for a more equitable tax system where everyone pays to variable degrees of ability into the Treasury, so that America can still defend itself and it’s future without becoming reliant on others who would defeat us all.
The acting was stellar on all accounts. The biggest standout was Joan Allen who portrayed her sadness and aggravation with a realistic flair. It was also interesting to see Tobey Maguire, Christina Ricci, Katie Holmes and Elijah Wood as young actors. They definitely showcase their talents, especially Tobey Maguire, with his surprisingly large bong hit.
Since all things are empty, the world is, at a very profound level, what you believe it to be. Wherever you imagine a Buddha, a Buddha definitely goes. Wherever a Buddha goes, they accomplish their function. A Buddha has the power to fulfill all pure wishes. Conditions are neither perfect nor imperfect, they are as perfect as the way we view them.
On April 22, 2012, the national Egyptian gas companies, EGAS and EGPC, announced the revocation of the agreement to supply natural gas to Israel. The announcement was relayed via the Egyptian company EMG, which has acted as the liaison between the Egyptian national gas companies and Israeli gas consumers, chief among them the Israel Electric Company (IEC). In 2010, Egypt supplied IEC with 37 percent of its gas consumption; in 2011, that dropped to 18 percent because of attacks on the pipeline in the northern
He also told the AGC to file its submissions by April 26 and the resident, Madam Vellama Marie Muthu, to file her reply submissions by May 10.
Non-black link
Yes there is better awareness today, earlier detection methods… new drugs, new tests, new treatments. Breast cancer is fast becoming considered almost a manageable disease by some standards, tho not by mine, not by a long shot. Instead I find myself wondering more and more…what about prevention? I mean, if I were you reading this blog that is what I would want to know more about. Is there anything I can do to try and prevent getting this awful disease in the first place?
- I read pages from a book
So, can’t we just have a deal here? Since we can’t work it out and that I seek more than I can get, and I fail to meet your expectations. It only makes sense.
Second half of a commission was creating card holders in a pirates theme. After chatting with my client on what they wanted they liked the idea of a beach with a pirates treasure and something extra for their boss.
Some of these things, I end up buying; but many others sit in my lust list and are eventually forgotten in the wake of other new and exciting stuff instead. Real life is fickle.
“And when it was determined that we should sail into Italy, they delivered Paul and certain other prisoners unto one named Julius, a centurion of Augustus’ band.”
PROSPECTS: A new tale from the minds of Pixar and the first non-sequel release by the studio in three years. Pixar still means quality when it comes to computer animation.
Brew Con Queso
Analyze Internal Communications
This seemed rather questionable to the doctor, but he decided to go along with it.
I go on websites, review "slide share" presentations from some punditogarch's conference talk and listen to the general drivel about marketing and human behavior, and I'm told the very way people respond to information, share information and generate information has changed.
Hayes Bridge Road.
Distance run in total; 460NM
For the whipped cream, if you have a tried and true recipe you like, feel free to use it. I don't really follow a recipe. I just take heavy whipping cream and add confectioner's sugar and vanilla to taste then whip til stiff peaks are formed.
“So, maybe Eli is just as paranoid as you. As shocking as it is to someone like me, some people just don’t have their information strewn across the internet. It doesn’t automatically make them a suspicious character.”
I think there is a lot to be said for finding one specific thing to fight and taking that on, whether it be trying to find homes for the thousands of young orphans, providing clean water, or trying to end oppresive regimes. However, there is also a need for big-picture campaigns like ONE to keep the larger picture before our eyes at all times.
Our politicians pretend that we and Islam have shared goals. Margaret Beckett, when British Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, told Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten on the 7July 2006: “Our obligation to the values that mean most to us — freedom, tolerance and justice — has grown even stronger and deeper since the London bombs. So has our relationship with the Islamic world, which also shares our common ideals, today.”
“Yeah, I can see that you’re wearing a belt now.”
Yes. See Romans 15:16 in the original Greek, or in the RSV and NIV. The ministry of the gospel is thus a priestly work, according to St Paul. And the name of “elder” (=presbyter) given to Christian pastors is also given to a group of priestly offerers of incense in Heaven in Revelation 5:8 (cp. Luke 1:8-9).
A few days back I was asked an interesting question. Although personal but I believe that the answer to the question is worth sharing. Somebody asked,
On New Years Day 2012, I opened up my new Vax vacuum cleaner for a spot of spring cleaning, and wow, what a little beauty SHE is. I can even hoover with a broken wrist. She effortlessly glides across the carpet sucking up every tiny little speck - including the ones that have been there for many years. I was so excited about her capabilities I spent much of the day vacuuming. The whooshing sound it makes going across the carpet was enough to make my head spin. Tom wasn't happy about me using it on the car though.
Part of that research may include some travel. I’ve connected with a mentoring couple within Wycliffe who have worked for years in South America. As part of my journey of getting better at Spanish, learning about Latin culture, learning about missionaries, learning about how to counsel them, learning about Wycliffe, I may be able to accompany this couple to Colombia sometime within the next several months.
Fiber lives in all fruits and veggies...
The other night in my deepest slumber, I must have been dreaming about our wonderful rhino who are in desperate need of intervention by us from the incensed poachers and users of rhino horn. Seen we had just celebrated World Rhino Day, I thought it might have been the reason that these shy, prehistoric looking beasts were playing on my mind. I made a concious effort to hold onto my vision so that I could portray the idea on paper the next morning.
At the airports, there are vending machines for tidbits. One of my favourite is the giant cookie which last I checked cost NZ$1 per piece. Try it – mouth watering delicious!
How Do Dinosaurs Love Their Dogs - I figure we have to be kind to our dogs too!
And should you be one who's presently scorning reality when all the world seems to be singing, know that the Song is yours, too. And He rescues not only those weeping in the dark, but those painfully hiding in death's shadow and those who must be guided back to the path of peace. Guided back to that for which we were created.
Here are my top 10 ideas for creating a healthy and positive work environment. These are small steps, but they can have a positive impact on your employee morale. Here we go:
What’s the year’s biggest hit so far? Nanban. What’s the next biggest? Last week’s Oru Kal Oru Kannadi (going by the tremendous response from the trade and the audiences). And the next? Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Yeppadi (KSY). Agreed, we have quite some way to go before 2012 ends (and the world too, if you believe conspiracy theorists), but going by the current trend, it looks comedy will be the flavour of the year and comedy films will figure prominently among the top grossers as well.
Back then, she’d have had every mother, grandmother, housewife, mid-wife, and auntie in The Village to catch and keep her and those babies … and the older they got, the deeper the hugs and tissue-swiped tears and runny noses.
Exposing My Lai
Keeping me warm and satisfied
12. If you could be anyone from 4, who would you be?
Barragan’s influences were shaped by the Moorish architecture of Southern Spain, the domestic architecture of the Mediterranean, the gardens of Ferdinand Bac, the theories of Frederick Kiesler, the writings and theories of Le Corbusier and Marrocan architecture.
with hate in your heart and a gun in your hand
6. Save your money. Don’t think even for a second that you’ll have more money to spend when you finish school. Truth is, there is so much variation and you can’t really tell what will happen. If you are working right now, you have a lot of disposable income. Enjoy some of it, save the rest. It’s a good habit.
I mean seriously, can you say comfort food? And super easy? And super yummy? And chocolate-y?? Well, all those things are wrapped up together in this one creamy dessert. This is one of those been-around-forever recipes. Somehow, though, I didn't learn about it until just a couple of years ago. I was introduced to it by my mother-in-law, and after just one bite, I knew exactly why it's been around forever. Because it tastes so good!
3) under a minor Caesar who appeared to be on the point of being executed continually (Julian) by the reigning emperor,
I thought perhaps a post about how I explain it to my clients
Like the lovely conversation I had yesterday with a poet and writer and lovely lady who reminded me how much I do love writing and that I should do it more often. And got me excited to add more poetry to this blog . . .
2 (14 ounce) cans sweetened condensed milk
Amber - We both agree this started with the head of our Interior Design program at VIU, Bodil Ellins, who instilled in us that interior design is not only surface decoration, it’s about functionality. The first step in any project is to analyze the space and it’s users. The look of the space is always a product of it’s function, not the other way around. Choosing lighting, materials and finishes that compliment the bones of the design enhance the users experience in that space.
WnW Fast Dry Blue Wants to Be a Millionaire
White Water, Black Gold
The presentation is solid and spectacular so far. Slant Six’s programming expertise with a couple of excellent SOCOM titles on the PSP as well as the hard-core fan-favorite SOCOM Confrontation on the PS3 is on full display here in a sharper-looking game that’s going to make a lot of folks happy from new players to RE veterans. My suggestion to the cross-armed, stubborn RE die-hards that think this game isn’t the same thing as what they love is to shake it off and realizes, that YES, it may be an all-new way to play a RE game for some of you guys and gals, but it WORKS and works brilliantly once you see how well everything comes together. Besides, Capcom hasn’t let that old-school gameplay you crave die off completely. Resident Evil Revelations on the Nintendo 3DS will offer up an excellent game that plays like the older titles (but looks absolutely incredible on the handheld).
Coaches carefully instruct athletes on how to pace themselves.
I decided why not, my boys would have a blast making a fun craft, or writing a letter, or drawing a picture, the possibilities are endless!!!!
Don’t tell me I’m a mournful rain,
“Not only did the racially charged statement offend Plaintiff (Jackson-Burch), the manner in which it was stated reveals a level of comfort and bigotry that is usually reserved for private embrace,” the lawsuit states.
In summary, remember that while electronic communication is a wonderful tool that can streamline your correspondence, there are hidden dangers that can expose you to unwanted conflict. Just be careful with what you write or post.
Ebook ARC obtained from the author
West Yorkshire
Other films like It's a Wonderful Life had dealt with the darker side of the American dream, but Arsenic and Old Lace is black comedy of the highest order, with gallows humor to spare. It is the story of homicidal old ladies, a houseful of lunatics and a scarred, fugitive ex-con. And yet it never fails to be light, funny and just plain fun.
I have something important to tell you.
How can we untangle from this series of signs and numbers? Surely the card class is a pivotal point you can refer to, but i'd say that are importanto to consider the brand, some manufacturers in fact, are definitely more reliable than others. Between product of the same brand you can also find the high-end products, meant for the more demanding users ,abeled as "prosumer" (professional-consumer).
So why did Cline mislead the court; and why would she have any interest in such a seemingly obscure matter as prison visitation records? Cline refused to speak to the N&O, nor did she respond to an e-mail from me requesting comment. But it appears as if she was not only lying to a judge but abusing the powers of her office either (1) to dig for material to help save her law license in any ethics proceedings against her; or (2) as part of her futile attempt to compile “evidence” substantiating her wild claims of an anti-Cline “conspiracy” between Judge Hudson, defense attorneys, and the N&O.
Wow! As I look at this topic I am amazed how scripture lights this up for me. I hope you understand where I come from. I am nothing. Christ is everything. Yes, I know who I am in Christ. I rejoice in that. But personally I have not found myself living 100% in the power and strength of God. Until my flesh is completely crucified and no longer affects my life and my thoughts, I will not be satisfied.
Dishonorable Mention: Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close – Okay, this film had enough redeeming attributes that I can’t rightfully call it one of the worst films of the year but god damn did it make me angry. Firstly, it all hinged on the performance of a kid who doesn’t really seem to have a clue as to what “acting” entails. The most maddening thing, earning it’s unranked spot on this list is that it uses 9/11 as a cheap gimmick to wring some unearned tears out of the audience. 9/11 has a place in cinema. United 93 proved that. This is not that fucking place. The fact that this got an Oscar nomination sends the mind reeling. Like I said, not necessarily one of the worst movies of the year (though the more I talk about it, the more I reconsider that) but the dislike I bear this movie earns it a spot on here.
It's wondrous what a hug can do--a hug can cheer you when you're blue.
(CIA World Factbook)
Sam Grocott, vice president, marketing, EMC Isilon said, “JLR produces some of the best luxury SUV’s and sports cars the industry has to offer. They need a storage solution to match the rapid advances in simulation technology to help sort through the resulting Big Data. EMC Isilon delivers a simple, flexible and scalable platform that JLR has leveraged to maximize performance and capacity, while simplifying management and lowering overall environmental impact of their operations.”
On a side note~ I hate my phone service... I have two bars right now and it's not sending a freaking message.
Hang a teapot, on a wall, in a garden and throw in a a few things to grow...why not?
This is a mind-body motivational article as the title says so, I hope you are ready to get motivated and feel awesome! As we all understand the importance of maintaining a steady success-oriented mind, this article will make an introduction about sharing the motivation and gaining the momentum for life to get Jacked and work like maniac while keeping the head cool and Awesome.
And I still haven't gotten to the story. Jesus, Maxwell...
College Guy – College Guy showed me lots of attention, told me he loved me, about everything a girl could want. But, he partied too much for my liking, and part of me just never really felt for him the way he felt about me (although I really wanted to). We did have lots of fun talking via AOL IM while he was away at school, and I was able to visit him a few times, which was a blast. The parties I attended with College Guy were actually some of the only college parties I’ve ever attended (my own college experience was pretty lackluster), and it definitely felt cool to be included, considering I was much younger than the crowd. But at the end of the day, I liked him better far away – on the phone, IMing online, but when he was with me, I sort of lost all interest.
The words on the badge reminded me of a recent article by one of the professors at my alma mater. Fanfare for the Comma was in the New York Times’ Opinionator column on April 09. The author, Ben Yagoda, who is professor of English at the University of Delaware, wrote about the rules of punctuation: specifically the comma. He laments that his students read less “edited prose.” Their writing is influenced by the informality and shorthand used in social networks. These new ways of communication coupled with less attention to the rules of grammar create a loss of skills in “punctuation and spelling.”
May is a good time to talk about the anatomy of a tshirt quilt with graduations, wedding, special days and birthdays approaching. Above are 2 examples of tshirt quilts.
for a bit of life, for what keeps you going
It was an exhausting experience…I think it took 6 weeks to line edit. I have uploaded the new version. Hope everyone enjoys the changes and corrections!
PS...
tickin away
Frustrated that her previous efforts to get more women into the top echelons of European business have not yielded stronger results, Viviane Reding, the senior justice official in the European Union, was to announce a new effort Monday that could result in legislation requiring that women occupy up to 60 percent of the seats on corporate boards. …E.U.-wide rules were now needed, she said. “Personally, I don’t like quotas,” Ms. Reding said. “But I like what the quotas do. Quotas open the way to equality and they break through the glass ceiling.” Countries that have quotas “bring the results,” she said. Ms. Reding has long campaigned for major changes in European boardrooms and had given industry “a last chance” to improve its record on placing women in top management.
The true “evil system” with a clear track record of gulag concentration camps, mass graves, millions of political prisoners, torture, starvation, etc. was the Communist system.
Peter Schiff: They will still talking about the bubble. Eventually, the people who are talking about a bubble will have to start buying some gold
The marketing world may convince us that clothing must be replaced and updated each season, even kids clothes. But personally I’d rather put more money into a college account than try to keep up with the Joneses. That doesn’t mean kids shouldn’t look nice. But there are lots of ways to extend the life of kids clothes without sending them out the door looking sloppy or unkempt.
Rav Hirsch explains that on Pesach the Jews primarily experienced physical freedom, which is symbolized by the korban omer. Barley, commonly used as animal fodder, signifies physicality. The shtei halechem, the wheat bread sacrifice offered on Shavuot, symbolizes spiritual freedom. The Jews did not achieve complete freedom until they received the Torah. On the fiftieth day, when they finally attained the pinnacle of spiritual purity, they approach Hashem with human food. Rav Hirsch writes that the day after the Jews left Egypt they began to count sefira. This further demonstrates that the Exodus was only the beginning. It was not the goal.
We were up bright and early on the morning of Saturday, August 6th- not that it mattered much since I could barely sleep the night before due to all the excitement :) Because we had to leave for the church at noon, the girls and I were at the hair salon by 8am and back to the guest house at Oceancliff to get dressed by 10:30am. I could hardly wait to FINALLY put on my wedding gown (and was praying that it would it zip! .... luckily it did ;)) and get the day I had been waiting all year for underway.
152. Walking
Leifester someone lying faster and faster
I manage to open this word document by employing my very basic knowledge of key commands. It takes a few minutes and a couple of wrong turns (I opened up like 5 songs and garageband somehow) but then, there it is, a blank word document for me to write in. I am still stressing out, because now I can only write about this.
So, does the Fourth Estate have an agenda? It won’t be often that Bill Moyers will be quoted by me but on July 11, 2008 he rather accurately observed:
Yet if hope has flown away
I will reiterate that my blog is not about putting anyone on out there, okay, I’m lying, I enjoy doing this. Karma, isn’t it a bitch? Don’t worry, we can talk about that next week with more details. Today we can remain focus on dating and being in relationship with “mature” adults.
358 12. “Hyde Parker Brings the East of the West” (Interview of George Anastaplo by Lenore T. Atkins), The Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, May 16, 2002, p. 5. (Adapted from the Hyde Park Herald, Chicago, Illinois.)
“… unifying the building and the landscape, they exploit the pleasure of living in the tropics. It’s a fully seamless integration of the lush landscape and the modern structures.”
My Hubs Absolutely LOVES this!!
“Then one officer slapped me and asked a female officer to arrest me,” she said, adding that she sustained injuries in her lower back.
the immaculate altar of your desk,
It's PEOPLE that create shelters in the first place, be they government or private.
The heart of “no man’s land” for a church is not being targeted enough to reach the unchurched, but beingtoo targeted to the unchurched for the churched.
I don’t know if she realized how beautiful she was. She sat on the stage, hands trembling slightly, eyes down cast. She took a deep breath, looked up and scanned our faces. I wondered what she might be searching for—judgment? Compassion? Someone… anyone… who might get it?
Ruth from Rowley Regis: I think I know that one. Is it Jewish?
After his bath, while he was wrapped in a towel, I did a
A normal person would leave, right? A clear minded individual would find another bathroom. Not me! I can't, I gotta go. I'm already doing the pee pee dance. I have the bladder the size of a pea. No, make that several pees, all about fifteen minutes apart. I spend my life excusing myself to the bathroom. TMI? Sorry, but I digress.
when its cold and wet and not at all summery
*What else could be in the catechist training? Please leave a comment and add to the list.
2. These entities are never exhausted by any of their relations or even by their sum of all possible relations. Objects withdraw from relation.
V for Vendetta’s contrivance to facilitate vengeful violence from a virtuous vantage verifies the villainy of the Wachowski Brothers.
But my muscles won’t move. I’m so tired.
Tom citing reports that Tressel and Satanorum have never been seen together has conclusively concluded that Tressel and Satanorum are indeed one and the same person. Further evidence that this is true was offered by The Donald Trump who says hat he has not seen Satanorum’s Birth Certificate.
I never did let on these were fitted with reversing cameras.. so you could safely reverse up to anything within about 3 inches!
Side One:
Voice Call: trip calls of lower wildlife a ringing clee-ip or peer; western wildlife give a clear, whistled tew, just like the olive warbler but higher. Song: hardly ever heard and badly described.
Well, either that or she was feeling gassy from the Parmesan Mashed Potatoes.
see the joy in the world around us,
Jack and I got stopped at Customs. We were detained. After a long chat with the woman in the booth, who seemed quite pleasant, she suddenly started asking questions. Did we have any firearms? Did we have any firearms at home? (I do, one antique shotgun that was my grandfather's, but why that's a concern of Canadians -- or any of their business -- is beyond me.) Where else have you lived? (A fairly long list of different states for me.) Do you have any alcohol? (A flask of whiskey for personal use only.) Jack wisely said "No" to most of these questions, but I just couldn't help being truthful.
It should come as no surprise that it's a Night Shade published title. Putting aside its similarity to Glen Cook, one of Night Shade's most prolific authors, Scourge of the Betrayer screams 'new voice'. Like last year's God's War (Hurley), it isn't reinterpreting old genre conventions, but finding entirely new pathways. Once again I find myself applauding Night Shade for its editorial vision, further cementing them as my go to source for something I've never seen before. I can't wait to read whatever's next for Jeff Salyards. His debut can't be considered anything but a tremendous success.
Scenting the air
yeah, its been long, way too long since my last post...
Medication course:
1 intervened
Once again Millers my deepest sympathies and Crawley welcome back.
Gerald stared around. Heaven, huh? Not what he’d expected at all. Admittedly some of the trappings were there but for him it was all a façade. Oh it was all right for the Senior Gods, they had it made – he’d glimpsed into their private realm. Cavorting maidens, simpering sylphs, tables laden with fruit, candy, cakes, wine… What did he need to do to reach that divine enclave? Perhaps the gods were assessing him. Perhaps he needed to pass some test, prove himself.
Having a good workspace is a great way to help the kiddos learn through creative art or educational play! These Ikea tables couldn't be more suitable for crafty kid's zones, they are durable, perfectly sized and cute to boot!
So we've chosen together. Reached unanimity. Are yet to submit the forms. Feel reassured by our choice. Hope she'll yet pass the tests. And are conscious that this is another rite of passage in parenting, premature in our case, but which I'd guess most go through. Preparing as best you can. Trying to do the best you can in the situation in which you find yourself. Being clear that the child knows, whatever happens, you are there for them. Rehearsing scenarios, together. And then, tearfully, fearfully, standing back, and letting them take control.
I won't lie. I felt like I was sprinting, and it was a little painful. But I didn't feel like I was going to die, so I just kept pushing myself. One foot in front of the other. We turned a corner and then all of a sudden we turned onto a gravel road. WHAT? I was not expecting gravel. My lungs were burning and I was ticked about the stupid gravel. Really, it isn't that big of a deal, just something I wasn't planning on, you know? Anyway, then I saw the 1 mile marker. Lungs on fire, thighs on fire, two miles to go. The entire second mile, and at a least half of the third were all on gravel. When I finally hit pavement again I was so incredibly happy (not to mention it was a bit of a downhill and the last quarter mile, woot!). Pretty much the entire third mile I was thinking I couldn't make it. That I had gone out too fast and I wouldn't be able to finish at that speed. I more or less argued with myself in my head for five minutes about whether or not to slow down. But when I reached that last quarter mile I decided to go big or go home.
- 1 8oz bag shredded Mozzarella style Daiya (or Pepper Jack)
Raising her head slowly, she looked across to her friends. They both changed the topic, helping spare Leigh the embarrassment she was privy to. Naturally they were right, they always were. After a few days she could forget about Christian. She’d be able to surpass this event, she always did. Hopefully this other girl knew what she was getting into.
Luckily for us, historical forces have shaped the world in such a way that monogamy is a more common moral ideal today than any other system. While their priests still don't marry, for example, the contemporary Catholic Church is extremely supportive of the married couples who form the core of most Catholic communities. Jews in medieval Europe dropped plural marriage so as not to offend their neighbors and have continued to hold to monogamy since; Mormons abandoned our limited practice of plural marriage after less than fifty years of practicing it and are now devoutly monogamous.
Heavy, wet slush-blanket.
Dead air.
The scores were not "good". They would indicate that my child needed remedial help in all subjects. So needless to say she was not accepted. There was a pity letter included, stating that I could repeal the process if I liked and try to convince the board that my daughter was smart enough to join the gifted class. No thanks.
I gratefully accept your offer but would like to request that the collection on me covers minimally the same period that you have done for Dr. Chandra – from the 70s to 2007. It would be great if you can extend the period of collection to the present (2012) and for the results of that search to be
While the three most popular places for survey respondents to live and work remain the United States, the United Kingdom and Australia, their dominance appear to wane.
Let's face it, there's a lot more at stake from "You're cute. Wanna go out?" to "I've tried and tried but I can't stop thinking of you. I love you and can't keep this to myself any longer," even if we don't add the gender element. So, yeah, being the man to man up and admit his feelings is no easy task nor one, I'd think, a man would take lightly except in the right environment (like say a gay bar where, hopefully, his odds of finding a prickly non-gay recipient are less).
-1 HALF A WHITE ONION FINELY DICED
Now I’m coming alive
Shell and I had such a great day deciding on the final design, cutting, folding, printing inserts and front labels, threading ribbon through butterflies, sticking and sharing lots and lots of giggles.....and don't forget we were also amusing, entertaining, feeding, winding and changing our twinnies :-)
At this point you can add ¼- 1/3 cup cream. Or you can add a tablespoon or so decoratively to each bowl when serving. Or you can omit it entirely and keep it vegan.
“How can we help our youngsters and our kids to develop to the highest level possible? What structures can we give them? The introduction of a 10-month season is just one of these pieces. It’s crucial that we adjust to the global game. It’s crucial that we understand that soccer is not a seasonal sport. Soccer is a sport that is played 12 months of the year. In most of the soccer nations, it’s really played 11, 11 and a half months out of the year. How can we compete with those nations? Whatever it takes in the discussion and what is ideal for 10- to 14-year-olds and further up, what is ideal for all these kids, then you should adjust. We need to find a tier-driven environment because we need to give a lot of the younger players the opportunity to get enough games per year. If you look at the players between 18 and 22 years of age and you summarize all the amount of games they really have and see if they are part of an MLS system, then maybe simply it’s not enough. It’s really worth it to get everybody at the same table sooner or later and discuss all those topics. It’s not me coming in and saying this is what we need, it’s really everybody involved that needs to come together and say, ‘This is how we need our players to grow more effectively, to grow more continuously and not drop off in a couple of months here and a couple of months there as often was the case.’ But this is a huge topic.”
2 lrg egg whites
I cannot get away from Nathanael’s question and Philip’s answer, “Come and see.”
He will always put you first
- To balance all of the tartness, I used a bit more chopped apple - 2 smallish ones. I don't know what kind of apple they were, since they were from my farm box, but they were fairly sweet.
The yellow sign feels like, Would You Please Take A Moment And Look Around You, Kindly?
So how did they do this? The Times explains:
“Our efforts are to ensure not only SUPP retain and recapture the lost seats but also to help the BN win in the coming election,” he said.
As reported previously, Taetiseo revealed ‘Twinkle’ on April 29th through various outlets such as iTunes and other music sites. In addition to achieving an all-kill on the music sites, they also topped the Japanese iTunes album chart, while ranking #4 on the U.S. and Australian iTunes album charts, and #5 on Canada’s iTunes album chart.
Onions, 1 pc, cut into four
Mark D. Hensley
Diane Student
The Browns second round pick Mitchell Schwartz will end up being just as important as Trent Richardson and Brandon Weeden. Mitchell is a right tackle, and this this is a very important position on the Browns offensive line. The left side of the line is pretty solid with pro bowl left tackle Joe Thomas anchoring that side. An offense can not run effectively with out the line giving the quarterback time to throw, and opening up holes for the running back.
There are many great documentaries out there and these ones are only but a few. Try to watch as many as you can because they really are much more exciting than the mainstream nonsense you will find in abundance on your T.V. I would strongly recomend viewing current T.V. while it is still there or at least use the record function if available to you.
I forgot to post last week, but I should mention the 15th of Feb was the 7th anniversary of the start of the Healthy Eating lifestyle change that lead to 88.8lb loss.
We launch into the new opening credits after a hearty breakfast and some delicious pancakes and only a few minutes in Katie says she thinks the whole thing looks and indeed sounds a lot like James Bond, with it's covert, spy style music; like Doctor Who does Bond. She throws doubt on to whether radar technology actually works, ponders why there isn't a crater when the meteorite/sphere crash lands to earth and laughs at the model shot of the TARDIS arriving. She also points out to me that when this originally aired no one would have known what the Doctor was going to look like when he fell from the TARDIS doors. I'm sure it would have been out there in the press but younger viewers in particular would have been unaware. How exciting that must have been!
A restaurant that is in my top 10 favorite restaurants in Chipotle! I love the tacos, I love the burrito bowls, and of course I love the chips, salsa, and guacamole! I tried to recreate the burrito bowl a few times and failed! I could never catch all of the flavors that are in the original. Then my sister showed me a post on a blog called Iowa Girl Eats, which recreated perfectly. I made it exactly like she said the first time, then every time since then I have made my own little changes. I add corn and red onion with the beans, the seasonings also tend to change based on what I have on hand, and I ALWAYS add homemade guacamole! So feel free to make your own changes that better suite your family's tastes!
When We Eat
Now, I have to tell you, I have not made a cake by hand in quite a while. I use a stand mixer most all the time! This recipe, however, called for hand whisking of the wet stuff and folding in of the dry stuff. It was rather relaxing I must say.
If you are anywhere in the LA area and are looking to kick-start your art career, get organized, and learn just about everything it takes to make it in the art worlds, then this class is just what you’ve been looking for. Learn how to make things happen for your career and get one-on-one feedback from leading LA critics, curators, and gallery owners.
our control. I'm excited about this new paranormal. I hope you will be, too.
A panda was bored of his life in the forest and wanted to buy a property to live in so he bought a blue house which was not painted very well so he decided to repaint it blue.
Thumbing through my field guide at home... atta! Found it-- Hotarukazura. Hunting online for the English common name, I find that there isn't one. In Japanese, though, it's called "Firefly Vine". I put a satisfying check in my field guide...
And if time brings understanding
Friday the 23rd – Syleena Johnson @ The Hare & Hounds, Kings Heath, Birmingham – Tonight, she’s gonna let go. (EDIT: Note well, if it’s important to you for transport and such – it’s a club-night type of gig and Syleena will be on later in the night).
(For some reason coffee makes me feel more philosophical and "deep?" Anyone else...or maybe I'm just strange that way! I grew up in a town w/o a Starbucks and always envied those on TV who walked around carrying brief cases sipping their 15 letter long coffee drinks. I wanted to be "one of those people").
Breakfast - French toast
While I'm working on the computer, I usually have about four Internet tabs open: my email, my blog, Facebook, and Pinterest. I'll flit back and forth between them during the day, and invariably a link on one will lead me in a completely different direction and distract me from what I need to be doing.
Especially when these same determined men had just fought a terrible war over this statement:
Having been taught at the art academy myself for Interaction Design in the early ’90s, one thing you learn early enough is that someone is an artist who can create a creative product out of passion, instead of commercial purposes, unrelated to the effect it has on an audience. This does not mean that a true artist is someone who lives a live of starvation and anarchy, defying everything that the society likes to consider as rules; it means that an artist creates, unrelated to how the audience responds. Art does not mean it cannot be a commercial success. Steven Spielberg is a real artist, Martin Scorsese, Walt Disney… and many more. Even though they ended up to become very wealthy persons, commercially very successful, their careers started unrelated to the financial success, often risking everything to follow their dreams. And I consider, knowing a bit now about the history of Mr. Stern, Mr Stern indeed an artist.
I work and concentrate best, I’ve found, away from home. In my apartment, I get too distracted, listless. My internet is out this week, so I can’t even blame the world wide web as a whole. I don’t know what it is about being in whatever place I’m calling home at the moment, but I can never really concentrate whilst there. If I have a great book I’m eager to read, a piece I need to write, or some other sort of work to get done, my best bet is a coffee shop. Currently, I live exactly one block away from my very favorite coffee shop, so it’s never an issue of getting there when I want to read or have work to do. And thus, I’m on a first name basis with most of the people that work there.
i simply wasn’t taking care of myself. i pushed myself until i couldn’t give anymore. and i later realized you MUST be poured into before pouring out into the lives of others. it’s vital in order to function properly. unfortunately, it’s just the nature of the position or you’ll crash, and crash hard like i did. others might see it differently and not agree with me one bit, and that’s okay. that was simply what i gained from my experience during that time.
In looking at Jacob’s encounter we have seen that different motivations drive us to God and for Jacob it was family issues and problems. We have seen family issues do drive us to seek the presence of God and they push us to seek direction from God about them. We also talked about the paradox that we must give up the most precious things in order get all that God has for us. We will encounter God when it seems like everything is lost. God will also encounter those that seek There are some tough things to learn but if you wrestle with God you will find that God does not want things easy for us but He simply wants us to hold on tight to Him through all we go through.
We have made it matter. By labeling ourselves as “speculative fiction on the rise” we have made it more about genre than about content. Also, there are several realities that we just have to face. The majority of CBA customers are women interested in romance. Argue all you want about why that is the case, but it is true. If the trend is ever going to be broken, even your speculative work must find a way to nab a portion of that market (heaven forbid!). You can’t cross the bridge until you build it, and there are easy ways to make your speculative novel more attractive to the female reader. First and foremost, the LOVE story. Do you have one? Is it prominent? If not, I may not even be interested in reading it. What’s an epic without love, the most epic thing we know? Also, sorry to say, but your book about alien invaders who suck out people’s brains is not going to do well. At least not right now. First we have to move the trend…get science fiction and fantasy readers to look for new books in Christian bookstores, then turn it up a notch (maybe not quite that far, but you know what I mean). This is where I think the debate gets confused. Just because a few speculative titles (probably poorly promoted) fail to do well does not mean that none ever will. Genre is supposed to serve as a guide for readers, but because of this debate “speculative” has turned into a major obstacle for authors with publishers and agents. You can almost see them turn up their noses when you read, “no sci-fi or fantasy” on their websites. I don’t fault them for that, but they have become part of the vicious cycle of No marketing, No sales, No titles, No customers. If a title has good content and good marketing, it will find its niche market and spread from there, thus creating more sales and drawing more customers in, creating demand for more titles. Seems simple, right?
I don’t have any money, he said.
Now, let me start off by saying that I was scared to plan a party.
Electricity theft and illegal connections cost the eThekwini Municipality more than a R135 million a year - losses for which ratepayers will have to fork out.
Ok, ok, I’ll admit; these are definitely fine lines to walk on. More commercial genres of adult have voices that can sound very close to YA. Take Janet Evanovich; her writing is as sarcastic and “I” centered as any teen novel. What sets these apart are the mature situations -- not to say that YA books don’t, or can’t, deal with mature situations, but HOW the characters confront them is very different.
“Shelby.”
‘‘(d) REPORT ON INFORMATION SHARING.—
In case you’re wondering, his answer works but it’s not at all what I was expecting. When you ask an expert, you’re expecting to hear stuff you never heard or you never even imagined. Most gurus that I meet these days will tell you that there are no real secrets in life, but putting hard work with sound principles will usually get you where you want to go.
Netizens commented: “Eunhyuk’s statement is kind of sad.” “How much does Choi Siwon earn?”
2 Tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
as the clouds gather in winter
My brother is in sales and I went to his office one day and saw a sign and loved it! It said: The hustle is heaven if you’re a hustler. The hustle is hell if you’re not.
For my enemy is dead, a man divine as myself is dead,
The Congo Diamond Tiara was one of Grand Duchess Joséphine Charlotte's wedding presents, and she chose to wear it for her wedding ceremony. She then passed it on to her daughter-in-law, Maria Teresa, and both of her daughters for their wedding days. That's a strong start to a tradition - but it hasn't been worn by a bride since then. Furthermore, the family almost sold this tiara after the Grand Duchess's death, in an effort to divide her assets (the proposed auction of quite a lot of Joséphine Charlotte's jewels and other valuables was cancelled after it caused public outcry). So we wait to see if the tradition will or will not continue.
While they put the finishing touches on the Purple Rain album, Radio Riddlers have been very busy remixing a variety of artists and track including a wicked remix of the track 'Hard Life, Harsh Times' by Leicester-based reggae/ska band By The Rivers (who are just off tour as the support band for The Specials U.K. tour). Have a listen below:
Finally, here's the sketch.
Prize: This month the winner will receive $150.00 in credit to Cricut.com.
The IPKat notes that this ruling was preceded by three days in court, back in October. He wonders whether the parties, neither of which is exactly impoverished (Specsavers' revenue topped £1 billion in 2008/9 and Asda is the local presence of Walmart), needed to spend so much cash and effort in tussling over the sums involved here -- and whether there were better things for the Court of Appeal to be getting on with.
update or why you shouldn't read blogs after being out in the sun in 90something degree weather with a heat index in the 100s:
Forward-thinking hospitals have now begun to promote healthy food. Kaiser Permanente, the nation’s largest nonprofit health plan, opened its first farmer’s market on the grounds of the Oakland Medical Center in Oakland, California in May 2003. Today, a total of 26 Kaiser-Permanente facilities have established on-campus farmer’s markets, which enable the facilities to offer better food choices to both employees and patients and promote awareness about good nutrition.
I think the show is so successful because of the stories of the working class. I have been known to tear up at some of the stories, because these are real people trying to make a living, something 98% of the people watching the show can relate to (I guessed that statistic…). Some of the stories are inspiring, and others are just downright sad, but it really teaches you to appreciate the things you have.
Coding Knowledge: Basic
I do dress like the oldest skater in town, despite the fact I have never been on a board in my life.
We have proved time and time again that the council and representatives deliberately block the democratic process.
I’ve been run over by shells, stepped on, fallen into pits, chomped on, fallen into lava and fires, devoured by a giant, horrific beast, shot, pierced, mauled by giant fish and calamari, and I always end up right back at the start. They don’t remember the things they did to me, but I remember it. I always remember. This entire world tries to kill me and the only padding for protection is this ragged pair of overalls.
Jaime Concepcion, 46, New York, N.Y.
Usual thing again, define a controller with naming convention, then extend the Ext.app.Controller, and define few functions onAddNote, onEditNote, onSearchNote, onBackButton and onSaveButton so that we can fire the event from views later on.
May 24 Missoula, Montana - The ZACC (235 North 1st Street West) w / Keys Knees, Bryan Ramirez
Backstroke and Butterfly are not recommended for your aerobic training
This is because some of the nation’s religious scholars – and we do not underestimate them, for they are good people… But due to a certain confusion, they had dissenting views on the martyrdom operations, and this caused us great embarrassment. However, in his unequivocal fatwa, the sheik, may Allah reward him, considered martyrdom operations to be the most noble level of Jihad. That was unparalleled support for the people of Palestine, because, brothers and sisters, you cannot imagine how difficult it is psychologically for a young Palestinian man or woman to sacrifice themselves or what is most dear to them, only to encounter a conflict in their minds and hearts as to whether they are on the path of righteousness, or whether they are committing a religious violation.
Status and Submission Breeding: coniferous woodlands and mixed wood, mainly in mountain ranges in the west. Winter: Sometimes common at lower levels and south of reproduction range. Often seen in flocks at seed bird feeders. Unusual to recreational in lower states. Vagrant: recreational in spring northern to Ak.
This week has been great. Some eye opening experiences and some great communicating has led to better relationships and a healthier life. So great!
In His Love,
Then I see my friends
One I picked up my sweet tea and my order, I looked around for a seat. Not finding one, I did spot a sign that read “picnic area out back.” I wasn’t sure if this was some joke, along the lines of all the other signs, to pick at unsuspecting visitors, but I tried it anyway. I made my way past the kitchen, through a screen door, past a washing area, and old pit, and into a small field out back. Sure enough, picnic tables lined the sides of the field nearest the trees, and most were full. I took a spot at an empty table and dug in to my plate.
Dr. Patricia Kennedy Grimsted, Harvard Ukrainian Research Institute
Thanks for your patience, normal service will resumed shortly.
On 15 June we were delighted to go in support of one of our members as she read a few chapters from her book ‘Shades of Milk and Honey’. Ms. Robinette Kowal entertained an audience mixed of some of our local time traveling Regency folk, and those of a more modern persuasion. All in all, a lovely evening.
I tell them and soon we are all pushing against the door, screaming and shouting to be rescued.
c) my laundry pile is growing ever-more precarious.
will fall beneath the spell of
Kimchi gratin? Kimchi casserole? or maybe baked Kimchi rice?
Fragment:
Writers must read voraciously. As a writer, I read constantly–much of the time for pleasure, but sometimes for education’s sake. I like to learn different techniques and there is no better way to do this than to read the best and analyze their tactics and decisions. Here are the ten books I’ve read recently that I would recommend. Each writer, in the book I’ve chosen, masters their genre–whether it be general fiction, biography, reflection/memoir, or historical fiction.
This will be Virgin’s first A330 fitted with business class, and will sport 33 seats over nine rows (in a mosty 1-2-1 layout) in the same space where the current A330s have 59 premium economy seats (arranged 2-3-2).
The Bureau of Investigative Journalism (TBIJ) in London analysed 116 drone strikes on Pakistan between August 2010 and June 29, 2011. In its ‘conservative estimate’, TBIJ reveals that in 10 drone strikes at least 45 civilians have been killed, including six named children. At least 15 additional strikes are likely to have killed at least 65 more civilians. While the investigation is a rare glimpse into a big atrocity, it might have underestimated civilian deaths. The atrocity is being replicated in Yemen and Libya, the “Pakistanisation” of Yemen and Libya.
I am in between educational programs right now. I hope to start my Master’s in September and I hope to work in a summer camp environment in July and August. However, with Asperger’s, it’s difficult for me to go out and get a job right now because many positions don’t suit my abilities.
Now I'm happy when I'm junkin', but ya'll this is serious business and it can be very dangerous.
Sorry im a little late.
I’m forever in your debt! I’ve been trying to get rid of this junk for ages – thanks for posting it on your website! Remember, prices may be negotiable, but all sales are final.
And some of us have just been turned away at the door.
An 02 2500 4X4 sexy beast. It's PERFECT...but I knew it was too good to be true. It's a damn automatic. WHYYYYYY???????????????? UGH. I cringed as I walked up to the window to look in and only see the 4X4 stick on the floor :( Damn it. But...I figured I'd go in and ask about it anyway. It only has 120K miles. My heart sunk even more. It's so CLLEEEEAN. And it's got some upgrades. It's got a massive 5" exhaust on it and I saw 3 aftermarket gauges in it. That could be good or bad. I'm thinking about going back and driving it today. They want $12,995 for it. Wayne says don't settle for something less than what I want. He's right. I've made that mistake before. These trucks are just hard to come by with the mileage I want and the transmission. I'm on cars.com, Craigslist, eBay, and Diesel Trader every day. I'm willing to go out of state for one. Laurie got her new 3500 from a GIANT dealer in Kellogg, Idaho. She said it might be worth my time to give them a call and see what they have or what they can find. The guy at the dealer with the truck in the pic said he tries to stay away from manuals because people don't want them. Huh? Ok. Well, I want one. My truck is out there...somewhere. So, if any of you guys know of one or see one LET ME KNOW! Doesn't matter what state!
I was dumbfounded by her remark. I started to wonder whether I had imagined it all. Was it just teenage angst? The people I was closest to - my best friend and my parents - seemed to tell me so. After much pleading, my parents eventually let me switch school, and I ended up attending one with a progressive reputation. Some teachers were dedicated, but the kids obviously took advantage of the situation, and yes, there was still bullying there. But by that time, I had learned to be invisible. And when after GCSEs, most of the school bullies had dropped out, I rejoiced. I still feel a trace of triumph as I write this now.
2 large Texas sweet 1015 onions, peeled and chopped (about 2 pounds)
Comes over me
Amy at Goodbyte 20's Hello Botox
Nina Moffet
“You don’t mean to imply that he is a spendthrift?”
Later on, I'd referee Against the Giants for friends and I can recount many a tale of their exploits, such as an opportune use of creeping doom against a roomful of hill giants and inter-party strife after the discovery of a ring of three wishes in the Glacial Rift. If a module's goodness is to be judged solely on the fun had while playing it, I think Against the Giants has to be one of the most fun of all. I'll always hold it in special regard, because it symbolizes that weird time when I was initiated into the hobby that I'd have for the rest of my life.
The next morning, we all met around 9:00 for the breakfast part of our B&B stay. The meal was so French: fresh fruit, baguettes and butter/jam, and a variety of tarts. Not gonna lie, though…the cafe was easily the most exciting part for me. It’s been so long since I’ve been able to wake up to a hot cup of coffee!
Alas, Sam has no bearings on where they are, so she cannot plot a course back to Earth. Thor shows up, seemingly to save the day, but in reality to request help. The Replicators have overrun the Asgard homeworld. To be continued…
Unforgettable. I didn't think that the "watch me watch myself in the video vault of my mind" trick would be the reason to watch. Dull and predictable.
Three: the meat of this post. Have you ever noticed how different things are after dark? Even when trying to find your way around, I find that even taking the same route as you did before can be rather disorienting when viewed under different lighting conditions. Last night, I think I really came to appreciate how things change once the sun goes down….
The first lady’s effort to distance herself from her mother’s White House stay comes as both she and President Barack Obama try to stress their middle-class roots, amid a stalled economy and high unemployment.
I always feel as though I'm waiting for something but for some odd reason I'm on the wrong platform or walked into the wrong store or walked the wrong different path. Maybe I'll find what I'm looking for or it'll find it's way to me. If GPS locating systems were free and had emotional detectors and everyone had one would people be able to find each other better? For example it could tell that I'm supposed to be at that street corner because a future best friend would be lingering there....or that Im supposed to sit at that stool in that bar to share an intimate conversation with the dreamy guy whose plans fell through and needed some company? But I guess the not knowing is all part of the fun of life. But maybe I'm on the right path and it merely just has cloudy reception today.
It is clear from all these issues that fundamentally the building was poorly designed. The main problem with the building is that although an example of modernist architecture it is not a good one. GKC are a respected architectural firm, who have completed some incredible projects and although I am not attempting to destroy their reputation we need to accept that they are not untouchable.
The Utopian Impulse: Buckminster Fuller and the Bay Area: Through July 29. San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, 151 Third St., S.F. Museum admission: $18. Call (415) 357-4000. www.sfmoma.org.
dissipation factor (Q) of Io, but the required dissipation is untenable if the current
From the article :
I can honestly say that, for once, I felt amazing about myself. Little did I know what would happen next.
The choice is ours. Each of us knows if we have a right relationship with God or not.
Joao Pessoa, Brazil
This is music for late at night and listening to on your own. It demands attention and once you have tapped into its aural fractals it is hypnotically addictive.
I didn’t think so either.
When I came to leave Amsterdam it was my turn to nominate a new member. I couldn’t decide who would be a good fit with the current members. Then I met Red, recently arrived to take up a top job at a fashion company. Unusually - almost uniquely - in our expat world it was her job that supported her family, with her husband, a freelance designer, taking on the bulk of domestic duties.
Extra Stages in Capital Agenda Beat bold to open.
Would a yard of Heather Bailey Rose Bouquet in Emerald help you decide?!
Bradley 1: 43: first three cost £1800; later three £1900 each. A lot of trouble was experienced with the fisrt No. 109 Rocklia, but Nos 110 Avon and 111 Test were less troublesome. Nos. 112 Trent, 113 Stour and 114 Frome were slightly larger. Bradley include a photograph of Frome (Fig. 13). They were withdrawn 1868-70.
And hearts will be glowing
It had to be tangerine shoes this week in recognition of my town's football team making their premiership bid next week. Blackpool Football Club and thousands of Blackpool fans will be making the trip to Wembley next weekend.
Of course - you can still download it from Amazon MP3 and iTunes too.
This obituary for Emilie Schindler, the wife Oskar was never faithful to, tells a bit more of her own side of the story. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/obituaries/1358768/Emilie-Schindler.html Emilie states in this article ‘that he had no trace of anti-Semitism and that he counted his workers among his friends, and indeed his mistresses.’
Let me assure you, those who do not know me in real life, I am who I say I am: a relatively imperfect 31-year-old who nerds out about celebrities, movies, books and other fancies. I read obsessively. I study burlesque and yoga. I write YA fiction. I wear a lot of dresses.
Q036) If you were to have your first date this spring, what would be the ideal date?
Next step: rip and scrape off as much of the paper as possible. At a complete loss for any idea to keep this disaster from snowballing, I could come up with nothing other than to cover it with more of the blue ocean map. Once I had done that, it became clear that it was too light, and therefore not helping the contrast problem at all. Darkening it seemed the only solution, so I added layers of acrylic ink until I thought the value was dark enough (you can see this below). Problematically, the map didn't absorb the ink well, instead building up a gloppy surface somewhat like a floor that's been waxed too many times without being stripped.
But, something about Camille du Bassin, something so different and so desirable, unlike any human or vampire woman he’d ever known, piqued his interest.
As we had driven up the on-ramp to I-70 heading east out of Salina, Utah that night I remember my mom saying in a concerned tone, “It’s already snowing pretty bad. Are you sure we should keep going?” Two hours later we were sliding back and forth on a road I remembered traveling the previous summer. Even in the warmth of June and with dry dirt the road had scared me. I had actually ducked my head down just to not look out the window during that drive because I’d been so scared. Now, in the dead of winter, and knowing we were now sliding back and forth and that same road, I was doing the death grip on the back of my mother’s seat in the Bronco. To everyone else in the vehicle it had been a good time. Never mind that the roads we were riding on had cliffs reminiscent of an Indiana Jones movie. As we continued driving further, ascending higher, and encountering deeper snow, the mood in the vehicle quickly changed from jovial to tense. Finally my uncle, driving his Bronco, gave into the pleadings of my good aunt who seemed just as nervous now as I did. Upon reaching a small clearing and wide spot my uncle quickly turned the Bronco around and we began our descent down the mountain pass.
ARTICLE LINK:
spoiled Christmas plans
I'll be reconnecting with old friends.
Not that we're uncaring normally. Anyone who has children has to care.
The spirit of God can move right through you.
To cook. Place bag ingredients in slow cooker and cook on low for 6-8 hours. Turn slow cooker to High, add milk/flour and mix well. Cover and cook additional 30 minutes or until soup thickens.
she inhaled the sweet air of independence,
We just need to get through the frag gaming convention, Erik’s LAN party with his friends (delayed birthday party), and then Erik’s confirmation. then we are on the way. Joanne reminds me she has finals in June.
Bake in preheated oven for 15-20 minutes, or until nicely golden.
A quick evacuation kit in a backpack for everyone in my home that would sustain us for 3 days
Using this data and defining “fair share” as paying the same share of taxes as share of income, one could say that only the top two quintiles pay their “fair share” and in fact the top quintile pays more than its “fair share”!
I used to be known as the "nice writer" in my writing group. I'm all for happily-ever-afters and romance and letting characters have hope and all that lovely stuff. It doesn't mean I don't put them through the wringer first, but apparently after I wrote one of my last novels, I became the author who was capable of doing anything to a character. Want some physical trauma? Here you go, character, have that. And that. And then that. And here's your emotional trauma on the side. Yep, you'll be dealing with that for the next twelve years. Oh, look, I found some more problems for you!
son could get a new lease on life? Instead, I was skeptical, like any good
MC equator
In his readable Five Evangelical Leaders, 3 Christopher Catherwood devotes nearly four pages to this event which he calls 1966: Crossing the Rubicon.4 He refers to “a change of emphasis” in his grandfather’s thinking concerning the doctrine of the Church, but, as we have documented in earlier articles, this new emphasis was not sudden or unexpected but had been apparent for some time prior to 1966. One wonders how well the author understood the background to the 1966 address. For example, he claims that the Evangelical Alliance “had no idea how explosive the Doctor intended to be…”5 and refers to Lloyd-Jones’s “vision of a United Evangelical Church”.6 Later, Catherwood sees the “tragedy ofthe split” as being divided over what was “essentially an ecclesiastical issue”.7 But the prior and major issue for Lloyd-Jones was the Gospel itself; it was from the Gospel that he insisted on the importance ofthe nature and unity ofthe Church. Soteriology and ecclesiology were inextricably bound up, not only in the thinking of Lloyd-Jones but also in the New Testament itself. Kenneth Hylson-Smith’s useful book Evangelicals in the Church of England 1734-1984 is disappointing in its treatment of 18th October 1966. Barely two pages are devoted to the subject9 and, unfortunately, it is based on secondary sources, primarily Christopher Catherwood’s Five Evangelical Leaders. 10 The author is correct in claiming that the effect of the disagreement between Stott and Lloyd-Jones “was immediate and long-standing”.11
Please send me photos if you use it!
Jessica sighed, wiping her mouth on a linen napkin. “Well I know at least one thing that can be done, and it’s about time I did it.”
Conditions can make you quiet
Large numbers are another matter. They tend to re-create examples of what they have left behind. There is less pressure for all to learn the language and adapt to mainstream British culture and to “the-way-we-do-things”. As numbers grow there is competition for housing, benefits and education. The white indigenous population starts to feel threatened. In Britain this racial transition has been very rapid. It was only twenty years after Windrush when Enoch Powell issued his famous warning. Over forty years on the situation is immeasurably worse. What marks the precise threshold when we cross from low level and tolerable immigration – defined as being tolerable to the white, host society – and move towards to mass non-white immigration is not easy to define even for professional demographers. But one thing can be stated with complete certainty: there is huge unease among the white indigenous population in Britain about the country’s racial make up and what this bodes for the future.
Step six: Once the pallet is filled and set upright, sprinkle your seeds or plant your starts with the appropriate spacing.
To the Bolton fans he said: “Thank you from the bottom of my heart. Thank you – not just the Bolton fans but the whole country. The support has been overwhelming and I’m just grateful I can walk again and do things normally again. I wish I was playing.”
All my work is free for sharing, and distribution — radio, TV, and print.
Once you know the context (also commercials have a plot), thinking of a more specific objective will be much easier.
While cannibalism—motivated by aggression, ancestral reverence, or survival—has seldom been anathema in Africa, Into the Cannibal’s Pot is meant as a metaphor, and is inspired by Ayn Rand’s wise counsel against prostrating civilization to savagery:
This girl that you see here is the same person from day 79, my lovely god-daughter; every time I see her I find her more and more beautiful and smarter, she makes me laugh all the time with her jokes and with all the things she does; today she is turning 3 years old, and I just wish the best for her life, because I love her so much!
NOTE: Jewelry vs. lips of knowledge; Song – Diamonds Are A Girl’s Best Friends
Would be one more mistake.
This script just feels like it’s weighing me down. Most of my scenes, especially the last 20 pages, are just the characters rambling at each other, sometimes fighting, sometimes just talking. I’ve thrown them out of planes, had them fall off rock cliffs, and given them waterburn from water skiing. It sounds much more interesting than it is, but no director or producer is ever going to see this. No public is ever going to view this movie up on screen and say, “I hope her parachute doesn’t open and she splats on the ground.”
Actually - you can ASK ME ANYTHING. That's a neat idea. Advice needed anyone? You can post anonymously if you want. I'm REALLY GOOD at giving advice! :)
I don’t actually see any reason why either of those wouldn’t make it over to the US. After all, Jack in the Box managed to boost their profits by 5.8% after it started selling tacos with that same gross American cheese wedged inside the shell.
2. Hi! I love you.
The birds and the beasts were there
60 min-Nugget 3#
Trace pencil with black marker
3.Pour over (quickly) the boild milk and butter mixture and mix well .
If all that is still not enough to have you grabbing the phone to secure one of the limited tickets to this event then maybe this will get you moving - $55. That’s right; the brewers from Mountain Goat presenting their beers and chatting with you in a relaxed and friendly setting, Tom Delmont doing what Tom Delmont does best, five courses and five beers, trivia and giveaways all knitted together by The Prof in Melbourne’s finest beer venue for just $55 per head.
When I awoke on Saturday morning, virtually deafened by the sound of rain on the roof, my heart sunk to the floor. Then I opened the window and quickly closed it again. Oh good. It was pouring AND freezing. This was not going to be perfect spring escape I had planned. The frown was getting heavy.
Any wise person would insist that our society needs to learn how to accept death as a part of life. I think of Kim, and her grace and honesty as her own death approached, and I understand this now in a way that I did not before. While I am in great health now, I know also that I am here on loan, and by the same grace she was. What Kim taught me, in the way she lived before she was sick, and the way she remained herself afterwards, was to embrace and to be and to love. To cherish those many, many connections that make us feel life all the more deeply. And writing these letters is a way for me to express that in some way.
If you will go back to your younger years and try to recall those years when you were growing up, perhaps you will remember how you started from being 4 1/2 feet and eventually grew into 5 feet tall or more. Then there is a certain time when you noticed that growing has left you out; that no matter how plenty you ate or how much milk you drank, or perhaps there were several other things you did; bottom-line is, you just suddenly stopped growing.
"We'll get these," said Harriet as she shoved Bluebelle in front of her to show P. J. their clothing.
Another hour passed and Root knew that these two were it. They chirpily paid their bill and wandered across the street to the bus depot where telephone booths lined up like militia men.
I added American Craft's Rosy ribbon and the edges are punched with EK Success border punch. The circle is cut out with Spellbinders. The letters spelling "BABY" are by Tim Holtz.
How do I tell the difference between the actual and the perceived?
o Child pornography
Kyle Lobstein TAM O 20
Between Solyndra and now Lightsquared, it seems that a pattern is emerging in the Obama White House. In the 2000s, the left made a lot of political hay for Republicans over unsubstantiated allegations of a close relationship between Halliburton and the Bush White House. If we don’t make these much more serious cases a problem for President Obama’s reelection campaign, it’ll be a big mistake.
So lets sum up - the company, AEY, sent 40 year old ammunition (which is VERY dangerous to use - more dangerous to the user than to his enemies...), which said ammunition was produced in China, and doing so breaks American laws - it is illegal.
JUSTIN: If you had to choose just one Jaglom film to recommend, what film would you say is the essence of Henry Jaglom?
THE FAMILY: Don’t you love it when Eli reads someone nasty the riot act? This time he storms Jackie’s hospital room and says that she better apologize to Alicia because Peter can’t get the governorship without her. When Jackie does apologize, Alicia tells her that she will be signing Florrick’s old home over to the kids, or go to jail for using the kids’ trust funds for a down payment. We also start to notice that not all is well with Jackie’s mental state.
Speaking of Son A, he, a freshman was invited to the prom by a junior. The prom, oh my word… I immediately said, “No way!” and he laughed at me and his father said, “Of course, you the man!” with a fist pump. Am I the only one who sees a paradox? My son, who is now a full head taller than me, chased by a girl and an older woman at that; I don’t feel comfortable with this. It seems like someone isn't ready to see their son in a tux holding a corsage. Stop it, stop growing up! That's not funny! Laters.
The Replacement by Brenna Yovanoff
Chaplain, James Potter said: “We have been encouraging students to take on their own personal challenges and put their faith into positive social action. Some have organised sponsored silences, stand ups and fasts. We have also held cake sales and one student managed to raise £329 on his own by holding a sponsored swim.”
Alternatively, you can manually generate a new Client Login token now and replace the one currently in use. ClientLogin can be used with any application that can make an HTTPS POST request. The POST request should be structured as a form post with the default encoding application/x-www-form-urlencoded, like this:
“The work boots came out good,” Mike said. “Do you think I should be wearing them in my avatar? Maybe I shouldn’t wear them because I don’t wear work boots in real life. What do you think?”
Have to say, not quite according to plan but regardless of the circumstances, I’m now stepping down as Deputy Editor and Marketing Manager of Strategy Informer, and giving proper freelancing another go. That’s not to say I wouldn’t consider another job if it was offered to me (and I’m still going to keep an eye out and apply), but I’ve got to do something in the interim to live so freelancing it is. Didn’t do a great job of it when I first started out, but then I had just come out of Uni and didn’t really know what I know now.
about it I guess.
“jigjag, 2010”
Timber concessions in Sabah, like Sarawak are treated like state secrets. Information about who gets what is “Restricted” to “Level 1″ Category readers! not to be duplicated, distributed or displayed to unauthorised eyes, according to the maps we have been leaked!
Serve immediately while still hot. I serve mine with chunks of bread and apples, along with baby carrots. It always goes quickly. This enough for a main-ish course for four people or up to eight people as an appetizer. And if there are leftovers? Yes, you can reheat it and enjoy it yourself the next day, just reheat it in small servings so you don't burn the cheese or cause it to separate.
In the UK, it was coal that took the load but, as the freeze continues to grip Europe, spare a thought for Germany. With an installed capacity of 27.2GW in 2010 and the addition of another 2GW (approx), last year, it has recently been forced to restart some of its nuclear reactors, after having imported power in December from neighbouring Austria to stabilise its network.
She was having a hard time zooming in and out for a couple days.
13. The Awakening
Leave out "possible series" or put it last.
It is good to have empathy, and wish to look inside yourself for why you might be cautious in the same situation where another person is expressing some concern. But beware of the risk of presuming the other person is driven by the same wants, and therefore the same fears that account for your own behavior. In fact, the other person may not be like you at all in some ways you might otherwise think they are, and therefore take for granted something that just isn’t true at all.
Hello Gleeks! I can’t tell you what a relief it is to be surrounded by people that understand how unsatisfying it is to be confined to singing that completely relevant and appropriate song to myself, in my head, all the time. It is so nice to know that I can count on you to always be near a piano, always know the harmony, and always know the perfect dance moves at the exact moment I am ready to express my emotions through song. Before Glee, I didn’t know such magic was possible. I put this life lesson into place almost immediately after the premier of the show. I still get some weird looks from time to time, but I know it just might take everyone else a little bit of time to warm up to this idea…FALSE. That doesn’t happen. That is not real life. High school was not that cool.
Who in their right mind would sit through a play about a woman dying of cancer? Sounds like an awful night out. But it isn't! When WIT opened off-Broadway in 1999, there was talk of moving it to a Broadway house. But the bean counters decided that nobody would go. It went on to win the Pulitzer Prize for Drama and there have been countless regional productions.
I found on my door
Prohibition shall not remain intact,
Champagne, Crown Roast, vegetables and Queen of Puddings. That made it worth it.
Nathalie Croteau, 23 - mechanical engineering
People just don’t seem to understand Parliamentary Democracy.
We’ll post all the details here in the coming days and weeks, but suffice it to say that this has all come about thanks to a single and consistent customer request: WE WANT MORE CHARACTERS!!
18 T unsalted butter, room temp.
We want to thank Hostelling International and Moose Travel Network for giving us such a great opportunity to experience Whistler.
You must be professionally trained and have experience delivering dance in a range of settings. A driving licence is preferred, but not essential
lost over 200 now pounds in the process!
When Tristi Pinkston put out a call for book reviewers for “Million Dollar Diva,” I loved the title, so I volunteered to review it. Then the book showed up, all pink and pretty with the Eiffel Tower on the cover next to a woman holding shopping bags. Since shopping is not my favorite, I was drawn to the Eiffel Tower. My daydream is to travel anywhere in the world I want to go whenever I want to go, and take along friends on the journey!
Chicago police have reportedly spent USD 1 million on riot-control equipment in the last few months to control the peaceful demonstrations.
The design had to be inspired by the following theme: Every city has its special hidden details that make it unique and one of a kind. They are usually unseen by many and unnoticed by most, but the local dwellers of the avenues know the details well. What is a detail in your city which sets it apart from others in an unobvious way? Is it that sidewalks are painted blue, is it a particular insignia, or is it the chimney tops? Open our eyes and show us the unseen and unnoticed details of your city.
He was again refused parole in February this year after the High Court set aside the earlier decision and referred the matter back for reconsideration.
This is DeNetra and this week we will be making a Thin Gift Bag. This project will be perfect for gift cards for any holiday.
So there you have it! Two recipes from my lovely sisters pin board! Thanks Sissy!
I wrote a blog post last week about how Democratic enthusiasm was at a year long low. Now it's at a lower year long low with only 47% of the party's voters 'very excited' about voting this year compared to 58% of Republicans.
"The fight isn't until this evening so hopefully you might be alright by then?"
Enjoys women who wear sexy underwear...He wants to become a womenand is hoping you are his size so he can borrow some.
star (sticker, embellishment, etc.)
Usually we give a prize for one of the participants of the challenge and this is still the case, but this time there's also a chance to win the prize in each of the DT's blog. The prize is a package containing 4 of my favourite Christmas-themed images. Good luck!
Another gimmick pushes much of the legislation’s costs off the federal budget and onto the private sector by requiring individuals and employers to purchase health insurance. When the bills force somebody to pay $10,000 to the government, the Congressional Budget Office treats that as a tax. When the government then hands that $10,000 to private insurers, the CBO counts that as government spending. But when the bills achieve the exact same outcome by forcing somebody to pay $10,000 directly to a private insurance company, it appears nowhere in the official CBO cost estimates — neither as federal revenues nor federal spending. That’s a sharp departure from how the CBO treated similar mandates in the Clinton health plan. And it hides maybe 60 percent of the legislation’s total costs. When I correct for that gimmick, it brings total costs to roughly $2.5 trillion (i.e., $1 trillion/0.4).
Let’s look at some examples of how social media has been used in past disasters:
Worn with Butter's Flawless Basecoat and P. D. Quick Topcoat, Bluey held up well and I wore it for three days. A more comprehensive review of Flawless Basecoat and P. D. Quick Topcoat will follow!
Gabe had the Sloppy Giuseppe, two fried eggs served with Bolognese Sauce and fried polenta ,and we shared a side of double smoked bacon. Both are very good. Gabe wished there's more polenta in the Sloppy Giuseppe, because that's his favourite starch to have, not to mentioned it is fried!
Green World Male Care Chinese Herbal Products for Erectile Dysfunction:
Thanks to the weather, I arrive towards the end of the first workshop on tango melody. I'd always assumed the structure of tangos was A-B-A, but I find out immediately that they are usually much more complicated. Five sections are not uncommon: A-B-A-C-A, for example.
_________
We enjoyed perfect weather! All week!
What’s your favourite way to cook eggs? Broken, flipped, mutilated. It might as well be my favourite, because that’s how they end up.
One reason that I’ve been terminated from certain jobs that I’ve had was because me and the other few guys there were in a minority. The women all ganged up and started drama just because the job was easy and there was nothing else to do. It felt like high school all over again… Next thing I knew was that the poor boss (who was a man) was pulling me aside saying there had been complaints. Complaints for what, may I ask? Oh this bullshit excuse and some other extremely exaggerated truth. I’m not saying I’m perfect. But I’m not that delinquent.
When you run so fast to get somewhere
I am always wary of giving my students books written outside of a typical narrative style like Unfinished Angel is. At the same time, I want to expose them to different ways of storytelling and stretch their imaginations. Besides, it’s just a nice story with a hopeful ending. It also teaches about kids and poverty and family in a very real and sensitive way (this is where the hope comes in, too).
I know I’m not the only gay conservative who has been asked this question. I’ve given a myriad of responses, depending on my mood, ranging from “I prefer not to be thought of an ass who can be guided using a ‘carrot on a stick’ approach” to “being able to get married to another woman is not really my biggest worry at this moment in time” or whole discussions on why marriage shouldn’t be in the purview of the government at all and discussions on why this ridiculous view that all Republicans and all Democrats feel the same way about gay people.
I came across the word Muhajir for the first time in the film Sarfarosh when the Pakistani High Commissioner in the film referred to Naseeruddin Shah as a Muhajir. The conversation thereafter replays the bitterness of Shah’s character and a feeling of homelessness in spite of being in the country of his own kind. Reading the book foregrounds similar politics of that film in a large way. Or it is all about who is a Karachiwala or a Karachiite!
In the second interval, I went to the toilet and encountered the very large black man with one eye, a speech defect, a shaven head, a beard and what appeared to be an MP3 player plugged into his ears. It turned out he didn’t quite have a totally shaven head. He had a slogan which I could not quite read shaved in hair around the back of his head.
“I swear that man has one hell of a men supply. Did you just start? You look new and you’re a cutie.” She smiled and pushed my hair back.
It’s for me to decide!”
We shall not flag or fail. We shall go on to the end. We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and the oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be. We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender.
I have to assume, somewhere deep in my heart, that the world will take care of me if I keep on doing what I love, and throwing my pleasure and joy and enthusiasm for it all around me like birdseed at a wedding. I have to assume that, put my head down, and write more songs.
Robert Herrick’s poem from whence the title of this entry is taken is “To the Virgins, to make much of time. ” Of course, from my perspective it is little more than an earlier century’s version of a young man trying to get a young woman into bed. However, the line “gather ye rosebuds” when not necessarily applied in this context can be quite apt in describing my now-philosophy of life. As I am now middle aged, I pay more attention to the commercials, and books and other media which tell you to plan for retirement, to sacrifice, to hold back that much more percentage of your pre-tax paycheck for your “golden years’. I am planning, of course, for retirement but I also realize the harsh reality that today might be my last day on this planet and that none of us is guaranteed those years of freedom from work. This is a very future-oriented society: we are told we can have x, y or z when we grow up and the we must wait for the promotion, the house, the vacations. People who live in poor and desperate circumstances are often criticized by the middle classes for being too “present-oriented”, however, that is the only way one can be when one is in survival mode and, often surrounded by dangers. There is neither a right nor wrong to it yet it is a huge mistake not to live every day as if you had no tomorrow or, perhaps only a month or two to live.
Then gladly move on.
I think the tiger turned out pretty good considering it was originally a lion I was attempting to create.
Review: Logitech Z-5500 5.1 Speaker System
And help him find his smile tonight.
As I write this, the sweet smell of boiled wort still permeates throughout my house. It's been a long day, being another double-batch brew day at Muckney Brewing. Only this time I was a man down for the first batch, and was getting my all grain cherry popped throughout the second. Yes, MB went AG for the first time, but let's start at the beginning.
So tell me why some now think Oregon, which has had two shots against the SEC (remember the Auburn loss in January), deserves another opportunity, assuming the BCS meltdown scenario plays out.
And remember, a trunk show usually offers a discount on the purchase of a gown, it's usually 10% off.
For fans of: Brainticket, Can, Pink Floyd
there are days
Is the North Star – Polaris – our brightest star? No! And it certainly won’t look that way this month as it shares the northern sky with two very bright stars. But, read on. Polaris is not nearly as dim as it looks!
I’d do whatever it takes, talking more than just living life.
I LOVE this setup because for the first time in 5 years, I've managed to cut and press fabric multiple times without losing either my rotary cutter, ruler, or iron!
Vince Neil (Motley Crue),
The survey also found that drivers would choose rapid transit or working from home if those options existed.
In poetry pacing is regulated by two separate factors: the position of words on the page, and the meter of the lines. These two can interact with each other in order to further manipulate the reader’s perception of the speed of the poem.
Dear Fruitloopmum fans. I have just encountered a brand new way of shopping. Guy’s stick with me here, cos it’s not just some woman’s thing ok? It’s awesome. It’s inspired. Plus, I bloody well wish I had thought of it and sold the idea to retail establishments cos it’s gonna be an absolute CRACKER! And my god, how much fun is this?
I wish I had more hair on my head. I wish I had a stronger chin and actual eyebrows. I wish I had more money. I’d love it if I had more friends of my own (but friendships require time and care.) I wish I could read an uplifting newspaper article about politics and the economy in the USA. I wish I could vaporize Al Quaeda, the Taliban and the drug cartels in my beloved Mexico. I wish I had Kung Fu superpowers.
Although we are morally culpable for our actions, it can also be said that even the first sin in our race was not committed in a vacuum. The serpent in Eden, later identified as Satan or the devil, tempted Eve and prevailed. The Lord had commanded that the man and woman not eat from a single tree in the center of Eden. Satan attacked at that point and helped bring forth the sin. And so we need to ask for protection from his schemes.
But if I have to pick one, then I pick the one that instantly brightens my mood as soon as I hear it: “Lovely Day” – Bill Withers. You just cannot remain in a funk after hearing this song. Impossible.
This is a becoming pilgrimage. The sculptures assume their affect because the spectators are with the sculpture; they bring their curiousity and content. Serra says that a work of his “ includes and is dependent on memory and anticipation.”[7] Orientation through the piece, how to walk through it, unpredictable, alter the routines of navigating around an art piece, exploration, the curved walls, sky or floor are the lines of flight, guided pathways. To experience the structure is an exchange, a resonance. To walk is to ruminate, process. This is how Serra’s structures at Dia Beacon constitute my immanent art experience. Activated by the spectator, the art becomes a living matter.
there and here
A girl after my own heart! I’ll train her to use that sword if Arthur’s knights don’t. More girls should learn to fight and stand up for themselves in this world. Then maybe evil men would stop imprisoning us in towers, and we wouldn’t have to be rescued all the time. Go, Rhianna Pendragon!
Answer: Yes, they do unless it's a public holiday.
Sets and Costumes: Stiff, cold and forbidding, perfectly in keeping with the machinations of the plot.
The wrath of nations, cannibals and kings,
Eleven days later the socks where finished and where soon on their way to the other side of the world, and just before Christmas I received my necklace... we were both very happy customers!
Into fists that were tight.
About 500 Jews, however, did not manage to get away – they were captured and sent to Terezin. Most of them survived the war without being deported to Auschwitz because of pressure exerted by the Danish government and aid sent by the Danish Red Cross.
A young woman appears and sets down a violin case, from which she very quickly produces a violin. She snaps the case closed and takes her place among the remaining musicians. Another song is already in the offing. Seamless and seemingly spontaneous, too. The crowd grows by a few individuals, and everyone seems to enjoy the music and to be aware that this is something different.
11. Retaliation Suite
I have to stop drinking wine while she speaks.
Angela Cartwright is having a giveaway on her blog! You should go check it out. I looked at this book when I was in Borders recently and had book-lust.
People hurried to the harbour wall
What is clear is something is going to give because the stress of liberal positions will lead to profoundly illiberal politics. Some of my friends who are Hegelian Marxists would call this regression in history, but I think this is regression to the mean and a conservatism to maintain it, which of course, actually undoes the attitude that enabled it.
We had dinner, and Captain America and the big boys had just connected to the “Battlefield” server. They played for a few minutes, when the power shut off.
2nd he caught two fly balls in right then was due up forth in the bottom half of
I met Kelly my Jr. year of High School -
Arilla hears the call. Her grandson, bent and broken and despite her instincts
Craft glitter rainbow lites used on heart and underskirt
Hello dear friends!!!
on billboards and bus-stops and hoardings a hundred feet high, images of female sexual availability bulge and shine and flutter their perfect airbrushed eyelashes. Thighs glisten, legs spread and giant red lips open wetly for the latest low-calorie yoghurt. Surely, you'd think, this is a sweaty shangri-la of erotic liberty. Surely this is one place where the sexual revolution of the 1960s was allowed to reach its
For lunch, we went back to the town close to the hotel. This was a very cute small town with lots of nice little restaurants and stores. There were lots of families since it was a weekend.
* Contractions when I'm stressed out gives me the big scare about 5 times a day, need to slow down!!
The Idiot said “Sure…we have plenty”.
Anyway every year on a Saturday in July they host a “opening” party and last year they had these delicious little grilled cheese sandwiches with green apple and red pepper jelly. yum. I have always wanted to replicate them but have failed to do so for various reasons.
And does this make a good euphemism for my life, or is that my exhaustion creating this whimsical feeling in me?
This place is a little oasis in the middle of downtown NOLA, a perfect blend of cool and delicious. Although pretty much everything on the menu is tasty and the crepes look fantastic (I have not indulged...yet), my favorite treat is just a classic iced-coffee, expertly blended with fresh roasted Illy coffee. It is the perfect pick me up and my new favorite iced-coffee destination. If you are curious, peruse the menu, it does not disappoint : www.merchantneworleans.com
Benji: "Mr. Eisner? Admit it. The real reason you turned down my request to become animated was because you found a Hispanic dog who would work for slave wages, right?"
Is thick and impatient
and other cooling things:
But what I’ve noticed lately is my family members do not respect me, and I feel like a piece of carpet that everyone wipes their feet on.
If, however, it is proven beyond reasonable doubt that Luis Suarez did indeed racially abuse Patrice Evra then the book should be thrown at him. Hard.
So whilst the catcher is getting through those flies, I had better hit the hay, make hay while the sun shines, to be honest, it's not you it's me (to use as many cliches and overused phrases as I can in my tired state)
Second, here's a trailer of another one of those eye-opening documentaries that I like so much, this one talking about the processes of natural gas extraction in the US:
A Congress functionary in Uttar Pradesh, Yusuf Ansari, talks revealingly about the complexities of local politics and the weaknesses of the Congress Party at grassroots. The Indian telecom baron Sunil Mittal, head of Bharti Airtel, recalls, in a passage that is almost novelistic, wandering about street markets and trade fairs in east Asia in the eighties, looking for a business opportunity, before finally picking on phones as a growth area for the future. A fatalistic, enfeebled low-caste labourer in Karnataka who spent 21 months in chains, unable to put on underwear or trousers, after failing to pay off a debt to his employer, puzzles over his own story after he is freed. Nor far away, in the buzzing metropolis of Bangalore, a construction worker takes French around the pathetic camp thrown together for him and his colleagues by a company erecting premium apartments.
However, don’t ever tell the main squeeze the science of 16% (whether lady or not), or it’ll be saved till next Christmas. Tell her it all goes off and needs necking sharpish. It can make for some pretty grim boozing (when you polish off the Advocaat, or start squeezing the bag inside a wine box), but by and large if you're imaginative you can knock up cocktails and stuff.
- EAP: Conflict Management (2003)
Mkhwanazi declined to be interviewed this week, but police sources said he was still “fuming” about Mthethwa’s interference.
It brightened my day when:
- hallucinations
really, it makes a difference. while i did add a few things to my skincare routine to get rid of the tightness and flakes (using TBS intense cream at night, stopping use of that drying neutrogena wash, and spritzing my face with TBS face mist every now and then) my skin is normal to the point where i dont have any oil slipping on my face from going sans powder. i have been loving the use of cream products to help add the much needed hydration and dewy factor to my skin. is this what normal skin types feel like every day?!?
TM 15 - Hyper Beam
One more blog about cupcakes and I promise I'll get back to the last Isla trip.
Of course, some Muslim criminals are already deported from European countries. Here, however, I refer to the deportation of anyone of Muslim heritage, citizen of their host country or no. It would need to be decided which crimes warranted deportation, and which groups could have their members deported should those members be so foolish as to be convicted of breaking the relevant laws. Once these decisions had been made, however, a significant fraction of the young, male Muslim population of any European country would fairly shortly be available for deportation, especially if relevant new legislation were to be applied retroactively. The ability to break up families and generally destroy the confidence of Muslims in their status in European countries would be at least as significant as the actual deportations. Additionally, the Muslim unrest that would undoubtedly result from any such large-scale deportations would provide a fresh stream of ‘volunteers’ to be deported, making it a potentially very potent weapon in the hands of committed de-Islamizers.
So, that's it for my pic-spam.
“To die would be an awfully big adventure.”
I am going to design and model a character and weapon using 3Ds Max.
the weekend, as well as over 175 in bottles.
The guest will need to be rigged with a microphone and earpiece. While this is happening, explain briefly how things work and what to expect. If a hand-held mic is being used, make sure the guest knows how to use it. If possible, let the interviewer and guest have a short preparatory conversation before the actual interview begins. This ensures they are both comfortable with each other’s audio level and quality, and helps relax the guest.
This is before we consider what is in some cases the organised criminality amongst the agencies of the State. Odessa is home to three very active ports. Odessa, Illychovsk and Yushni. It is not easy to simply wander into any of these docks. Security is fairly tight and is everywhere. The bureaucracy involved to open a container that has legitimately been sent to you containing completely legal contents is immense. And yet……
But I only wish to say
Despite the fact that the book felt like it might fall apart in my hands, the stories were vivid and engaging, the voices of the storytellers enlivening the tales. Few wolverine lovers will have the opportunity to experience the deep cultural relationships that exist between humans and animals in subsistence hunting cultures, and I wanted to convey some of this here on the blog. So I wrote to Robert Brightman, and he kindly granted me permission to excerpt the wolverine stories. I also asked if it might be possible to get in touch with the original storytellers to ask for their permission, but they have passed on. So with respect and thanks to them for sharing their stories, I will present their wolverine tales here over the next few posts.
This album is so terribly difficult to approach with the tools given to me by any previous musical experience… It’s such a tremendously protean mix of references and genres that I can’t find any one dominant to start from – the music is simply too slippery, too restless. Spanning from circus music, to post-rock drones, to lush violins reminiscent of romantic classical music, break beat percussion, industrial sound effect, theatrical pacing, vocal samples taken from films, acoustic guitar tunes akin to the most harmless, sunny folk and bass lines of unrelenting ferocity, this album is a monumental confusion engine which would normally tear itself apart, but somehow, supernaturally, it doesn’t. Some laws still function, some sense is still there to be found and the devil is in the details.
The nurses were very kind, and I have to say that the scariest part was probably the machine. It looked a little intimidating.
After my run this morning I went upstairs to shower and caught reflection in the mirror. I began wondering if I would ever like what I saw in the mirror. Wasn’t that long ago…almost a year now….that I was over 180 pounds. My doctor told me each year at my annual check-up I needed to lose weight. I would lose a few pounds (5-10) and put it right back on again.
When the sound of traffic slows I hear the birds in the trees. No crows or seagulls, just song.
A few weeks ago, I had Kristina at Your Memories Here order some supplies for me (if you need something like this, just shoot her an email, she can do a special order for you as well.) And I have been busy putting them to good use.
There is just so much that happens as a young adult and as we transition from childhood to adulthood. Despite the intensity of emotion and living, it is one of the most carefree times of our lives. We are not hampered by the responsibilities of adulthood, and we are no longer hamstrung by the well-intentioned restraints of our parents. It is also the first time we are given to a wide range of freedom of expression which is taken seriously not only by our peers but the adults around us. It’s a time when we create so many of our own stories and are part of so many of the stories of those around us. It is hugely fertile ground.
Paul had come to Jerusalem to preach to the Jews. The citizens of Jerusalem shouted him down until the Roman captain allowed him to speak to the people. Being intimidated by Rome, they kept silent and listened, at least for a time.
I do my very best on NO HARM (or as little as possible) to all living creatures.
(As an aside, Colson Whitehead doesn't seem to share Duncan's insulting and condescending attitudes. He recently admonished literary purists asking why he would write genre fiction, "Don't be such a snob." So we should try not to hold Duncan's deplorable review against Whitehead.)
Just a little over a year later, the feud between two of the best in the country has only heated up more. Wyatt would have a phenomenal year at 3XW as he went on to defeat Brian Ash for the 3XW title. Not to be outdone, Sterling on the last show of 2011 would defeat Wyatt thus winning his first 3XW Heavyweight Championship.
I vote for Option 4.
To me the NBA is the one major league in the US (your time will come soon, soccer), where the players dominate. The league reaches a level of personality that you cannot see in any other sport. Sure every sport has a few people who radiate that personality (Ken Griffey Jr., Alexander Ovechkin, and Terrell Owens come to mind immediately), but the NBA differs. Yes, they run plays, and each team has its own philosophy, but each and every player has their own distinct way of playing. For example Dwight Howard and Andrea Bargnani are pretty similar body types, but could you think of two more opposite players? But this isn’t just about body types, take the most highlighted play: the dunk. (Almost) Everyone does it, but a Vince Carter dunk is very different than that of Blake Griffin.
5. If you were asked to introduce the work of your ancestor, the Victorian novelist Anthony Trollope, to a new reader, which book would you recommend as his finest work?
-Project Must be BABY THEMED and use at least 1 Magnolia Stamp
“You’re certain of the reason why she chose to leave?” Luk asked.
For there is a man whose labour is in wisdom, and in knowledge, and in equity; yet to a man that hath not laboured therein shall he leave it for his portion. This also is vanity and a great evil.
his escapades in The Norms with some songs of his own.
Do you have an intruder plan?
Well, anyway, FuFu is very safe now. No worry.
Sounds idyllic, but can it really be that simple? Well, yes and no.
That's why I'm a proud, shameless flexitarian. Yeah, that is a word now. Really. Don't ask me why it was invented when before we were all happy omnivores, but I accept trends as part of my modern life and wear the flexitarian badge proudly as I know it allows me into exclusive clubs like "I Practice Meatless Mondays" and "I Love To Snuggle With Fur But I Dare Not Harm An Animal". So when a vegan recipe comes along that is being touted as the best vegan anything, my meaty nostrils flare in disbelief. When I find myself still curiously salivating the next day, I know its time to switch on my vegan self and give it a try. What do you know, these really are the best damn cookies ever. The fact that some hard working chickens could keep their babies in the process, just another bonus.
During our early years of marriage, I took the opportunity to clean house, and by "clean house," I mean, "got rid of his stuff."
Erect and lofty in the thoughts he drowned himself in the hyperspace
Is it more or less difficult to raise a Mixed kid to have a strong sense of self and a high self-esteem?
The last time I looked at the official site I couldn’t determine much information by way of subscriptions but, what does it matter when (I’m so excited anyway? Plus, WoW, Lineage II (before going f2p), SWTOR, Rift and even Aion (again, before f2p) were the standard $15/mo with possible discounts if you paid for more months in advance. A few bucks in either direction would be okay with me to at least get my excited little hands on this possible gem, so lack of information never concerned me.
Love Is A Rose
Big Brother up in Wisconsin gave me an electronic kick in the pants today that LMS has been dormant for far too long. In my defense, I've been terribly busy and relatively disinterested in the bloggity-blog goodness of the innertubes of late, but to placate both of my readers, here's a post.
Seven diverse craft makers from around Scotland have been awarded prizes in the 2012 craft&design Selected Awards.
He said there are now 55,000 welfare clients in the city, but that by 1967 there probably will be 60,000. The poor, said Dr. Cloward, could become a stake and powerful organization "in small portions of power" within the context "of a broader point."
“Well…I never…”
It's beer: five different types of hops.
Overall = 4.1
61. George's Marvelous Medicine
Sen. Diane Feinstein and her pals have already proclaimed that health care reform would cost $1.7 trillion over the next ten years. So, they say, its goals and methods must be vastly reduced. They get away with repeating this lying horror story because they and their bribe-master corporations know that mainstream media won't check it out.
He was relatively well-supplied. I found two handguns, two rifles – an AK-47 and Remington bolt-action – a sawed off shotgun and several rounds of ammunition for every firearm. He had a nice backpack packed like a bug-out bag. He had food and water and medical supplies. There was a pretty nice tent in the back of the truck, a couple tarps …. This was not a guy out for a short drive.
Cole worked Midnight into a similar formula as Plastic Man. Namely, that of a sane man surrounded by loonies. However, with Midnight, there were a few misfires that may have seemed like a good idea at the time, but which leeched a great deal of potential out of the series. These misfires included moving Dave Clark’s inventive streak (he invented the vacuum gun) to Doc Wackey and surrounding the hero with a whole family of sidekicks so that no one single character ever got enough air time to develop of as anything more than a two-dimensional figure in the story.
“… the Arabian fleet might have sailed without a naval combat into the mouth of the Thames. Perhaps the interpretation of the Koran would now be taught in the schools of Oxford, and her pulpits might demonstrate to a circumcised people the sanctity and truth of the revelation of Mahomet.”
I can't believe it is Friday already! This week just flew by! Oh wait! Maybe it was because I only worked 4 days!; ) Every week should be so short! I have a very bright happy card to share with you today.....so get those sunglasses on before you scroll down. It uses Provo Craft's new Cuttlebug Flower Fringe die, . It creates such a fun flower! I used Pink Paislee's paper and a bit of fluorescent tulle. I added a few glittery letters, twine, and rhinestones to finish the card off. It was actually a pretty quick card for me.....like less than 2 hours!
I know the day will probably come, but I`m hoping that it`s in the far distant future.
Coarse sea salt
The only problem I have is with chicken. I seriously think that I could probably eat chicken every day of the week, and I probably have sometimes. I’m glad the master cleanse has given me so much discipline over the way I eat. I really think about it now. Which brings me to trying the veggie burger. My friends keep telling me, there’s no reason to fear chicken. Just don’t fry it all the time, and don’t go nuts at Popeyes. They are probably right, but I’ll decide on meat after I go to a wedding and wear an awesome dress next week. I may even push it to Thanksgiving so I can show my mother my progress and she can stop asking me if “I’m in the family way.”
(Ends).
Mom: Damn it....go get the phone.
The instructions are to perform each exercise until you can't do it anymore. Write down your totals. I, personally, would perform these the similar to the way I did in class, 10 reps each for 10 minutes.
I loved those!
Gregory: Conservatives are very upset that you
The show has been shot at the very location that Julian Assange has been under house arrest for the last year and a half.
chopped fresh onions if you have them
“Among those arrested were a photojournalists from Malaysiakini,Guang Ming newspaper and a Malay Mail journalist.
Through food stamps and funerals, Super Bowls and serving others, Brenda’s strength is unwavering. Her determination to dream new dreams, willingness to learn from her mistakes, and commitment to giving back to her community make her a role model for women of all backgrounds.
Rooted in the highly communal tradition of American quilt making, “Grasping Flight” references the communal nature of our globalized world and asks the viewer to explore that reality.
I adhered different strips of Studio Calico papers to my white cardbase, and layered everything on top. I die-cut a label shape into my kraft mat, and ran it through with the woodgrain impression plate. It's faint in the pictures, but it's there. I then created a sentiment flag, and stamped and cut out 3 peonies (from the "pretty peonies" set.)
“Hey, just so you know, when your brother was taking a shower downstairs, water started coming up through the drain like what happened last year. So, we had to make an emergency phone call to Roto Rooter and they’ll be here sometime between 8 and noon tomorrow. If you have to use the bathroom, you’ll have to go outside.”
Rexy decided at the eleventh hour (well, about 10 hours before - instead of signing up on the first day) that she wanted to be in the talent show at camp. When Phil asked her what she wanted to do, she said "Dance!" She subsequently told him that her dance was called "The Turtle Nutcracker." We met with the teacher in charge of the talent show and he played about six songs for her from his itunes collection - she knew immediately that this is the one she wanted.
53. Fahrenheit 451: Ray Bradbury
Good morning and happy Monday to all!! After a short vacation, the carts at SCACD are back open for business, and Susana has of course been busy adding more fantastic new goodies to the shelves. :) Here's just a little taste of what's new:
terriavidreader (IN-USA) said...
This tag was done with my copic makers--I sprayed the tag with bg05 and layered some sequin waste on top of it. Then, I used R27, Bg05, and e44 along with my airbrush to spray some tyvek. I then melted the tyvek to create the texture. (To get a better idea, you really should click on it, it's hard to see well in this size.) I then cut out the heart and colored it using bg0000, bg01 and bg05. I spayed the bird (a stencil from Coffee Break designs) using bv25. I went back with my blender and dotted the bird to create the polka-dots. I outlined the dots using my spica pens and did the outline/tree using my multi-liner. The white at the top is the copic opaque white.
“Pilot!” Wei bellowed.
(3) Planetary ruler
mr. jim has lived many years since that marvelous day and his life surely proves that he is a true child of the lord jesus and if we never meet on this earth mr. jim, bernie and i will surely meet you on the other side...
29. Hang Ups (NEW Reflection Eternal not on album)
Many other breeds of cat could also benefit from the same treatment, Siamese tend to have that awful irritating high pitched Meow, Burmese can be grumpy, and as for Sphinx cats and the Cornish Rex, well they are just plain ugly. (Tabbies, of course, are so much prettier and healthier, albeit a little boring after a while.)
My husband is working until after ten tonight so no great romantic meal is being prepared in our kitchen tonight.
If you get too sure of what you know, without examining it, you end up sounding like this:
I'm just interested:
So yeah, I let Andy have half of the pie and took the other half to work. Needless to say, it was a winner all around. If you're a chocolate lover - you have got to try this!
Responding to a Freedom of Information request filed by The Post seven months ago, the mayor's office last week provided just nine e-mail exchanges between Haggerty and mayoral aides in all of 2008 and 2009. There were other e-mails that the mayor's refuses to release on the grounds of "personal privacy." They're so private, in fact, officials won't even say how many e-mails are being withheld.
For the outfit on the right I paired your top with a powder blue pleated skirt that has beaded designs and horizontal pleats near the bottom. Added is a black fitted jacket with black and blue pinstripes, black heels with little bows and blue stitching, and some silvery white flower chained hoop earrings and matching bracelet.
--translated by Albert Ernest Flemming
I consider to be a whole new breed of Americana. No easy feat.
WG: How many domestic helpers do you have?
outward expression of showing that he loves you, but not necessarily meeting your
After providing police with the details about the conviction, he was told he didn’t need to register, the suit said.
When someone dies young, people often view it as a tragedy – a life cut short, with wasted potential. Premature physical death can indeed be tragic. But there’s another kind of death that’s a blessing, especially when people are young: death to self.
Bono is making a random guest appearance via satellite - his introducing a band. Oh Dierks Bentley. Samantha made fun of me last year because I thought they were a person and not a band!
Not having been here for three years made the reunion with our favorite place even more special. Our bellies full, we spent the afternoons easing back into the familiar surroundings, reminiscing about summers past, and catching up with old friends.
This place was very Thai orientated.... fair enough I'm in Thailand!! But in terms of a beer enthusiast looking for the western microbrewery experience you won't find it here aye.. The main attraction is the big stage show with various choreographed dancing and singing shows in Thai and also some English pop/R&B solo and duet songs are performed.... highly entertaining to be honest! The beer here is surprisingly fantastic though which is the main thing!
Inks: Stampin' Up! Pens - Basic Black, Basic Grey, Old Olive, Rose Red
Shelbourne 15/8 (Bet365); Draw 21/10 (General); Derry City6/4 (General)
"Just the lager....ya know it, ya know it...heeeeHHHEEEEEE!"
Drinking: The sour taste of defeat.
And my Willow House business continues to do well. I'd love to show off some of the new products as well as the new designer jewelry by Sara Blaine that we now sell as our second division here at Willow House. I'd also like to feature some decorating ideas if that's okay with you........I know so many of you only have a certain amount of time on the web, so I'd love to feature things that you want to read about....any suggestions are welcome; please leave a comment. I think many bloggers now are crunched for time and not spending the extra time to comment. I have been there. But I would also ask that you at least say HI, and let me know that I have one or two readers!! Thanks!
But this new nesting coffee table combo from Ikea is well within my price range. I love the varying height between the tables and it would still give the illusion of more space in my living area.
What does he do? He makes something out of wood (generally) to precise measurements. Then that wooden bit is placed in a sand mold and removed. Molten metal is poured in the void. Bingo, a casting. Often a BIG casting.
HOPE YOUR WEEKEND IS A GREAT ONE!!
It was a battle of babyhood to grave.
Cardstock: Pearls - Cardmaker Series, Imaginisce - Enchanted Collection DP
the machines have risen up.
“With no clear objective, an unrealistic concept, an over reliance upon airpower and an underestimation of the enemy, it was only a matter of time before the French battalions fighting Viet divisions were utterly destroyed. The fundamental law of military strategy – to be stronger than your enemy at the decisive time and place – was violated. The aftermath of the battle was truly horrific, with an estimated 70% of the 10,000 captured French forces dying on the march into Viet Minh POW camps or of subsequent mistreatment in only three months time.
Cinnamon and sugar mixture
The crit and dodge chances especially help with the Zealous Set, as you will have 4 crit and 3 dodge on your character. It doesn't seem like much, but being naturally fast makes criticals appear more often. You can substitute these points into speed or health instead, however, giving you more a beefy feel. You also can take points out of Holy Power to put elsewhere; more dodge? speed? Even into Sagacious branch would not be too bad either for a little more heal power or defense against magic.
However, we just entered the doorway to a new cycle. Two new sunspots appeared on the sun’s disk last week, one (1045) described by SOHO as ‘awesome’ and ‘complex’ and the other (1046) – which just appeared around the edge – seems set to outdo its neighbor. Because of the Sun’s altered magnetic orientation in the new cycle, SOHO and THEMIS are expecting fireworks.
During a toast at my wedding, my Dad mentioned a quote he had once heard, “Shared happiness is twice the joy, and shared sorrow is half the pain.” That is most definitely true as it pertains to my husband and myself, but through your willingness to share in our sorrow, you have generously lightened our load. Someday when we see the beauty that is to come, I can’t wait to share that joy with you too.
updated: It's 8:43 p.m. Mr. Manic came home with a tin of Garrett's cheese/caramel mixed popcorn. I ate half the can. This made me EXTREMELY HAPPY THE MINUTE I STARTED CHEWING. I am an emotional eater. AND, I am sure I am getting my period for the third time in like 42 days. NOT GOOD.
The morning of Jake’s funeral arrived. It still did not seem real to me. I just moved through the motions. Some one told me to get dressed. I tried to get dressed but quickly realized I had asked my father, brother and father-in-law to remove anything baby related from the house – including my maternity clothes. I did not see a problem with wearing the black t-shirt and sweatpants that I had been wearing for days. However, my mom stepped in and dressed me in clothes I knew I would never wear again.
She wasn't even in town for 24 hours and yet, we had some of the best conversations I can remember that we have ever had. It was a whirlwind hopscotch visit... as it always seems to be with her...but it was an absolute precious memory in the making!
Hopefully they will give him some good pain killers so I do not have to deal with Mr. Grumpy Pants .... Oh, and no sexy nurse outfit this time hubby, sorry .
Try limiting fluid intake before testing, as well as holding your urine for 2-3 hours before.
ARAMA, I didn’t know that! =o
Silent partner (taking no part in management) Valener Energy Company (Toronto Stock Exchange: VNR) owns 29 percent of Gaz Métro Limited Partnership.
I watched the first episode when it originally came on and I really liked it, but for some reason I never set TIVO to record it and then once I had missed a couple, I figured I was too far behind to catch up. So I've just started watching Season 1 on Netflix and now I'm totally hooked. I always liked Bryan Cranston as a comic actor, but who knew he could bring this kind of intensity to a dramatic role without ever feeling like he's chewing scenery. Brilliant!
This humongous burger was cooked up by the owners of the Ambrosia on the Spot Cafe in Sydney, Australia.
As if I needed my life to be any more hysterical. Really?? What’s not to laugh at? If I didn’t laugh like a deranged hyena, I’d cry until I was laughing…
2. Combine orange juice and the next 7 ingredients (thru vinegar) in a large bowl, stirring with a whisk to combine.
QVC’s international third-quarter results include $11 million of adjusted OIBDA loss compared to a $9 million loss in the prior year related to QVC Italy operations that launched in October 2010. Excluding the effects of QVC Italy, international adjusted OIBDA would have increased 7 percent and adjusted OIBDA margins would have decreased 99 basis points for the quarter.
Only for her to see her self efforts was in vain , one of the hinderances of church or community life is pragmatism when our work in the the lord only causes us to compare or critices other peoples application or lack of it.
Especially in regard to celebrities. It seems that celebrities are either upheld as icons or vilified. I know that when you become a public figure, much of your life becomes open for scrutiny -- but still. What we tend to forget is that these people aren't angels or demons. They might be famous, but they're still just people.
The next few days were perfect – she was doing much better than expected. Although her brain showed a slight bleed, we were assured that it didn’t look like it was going to spread and that it was normal in preemies. All of her organs were working and they even started her on pedi-lite a few days after birth. She was the miracle of the NICU – all the doctors and nurses were coming to visit her. She was funny and spunky and full of life. My husband and I were able to change her tiny diaper, take her temperature, swab out her mouth, and help the nurses. We were so excited to be able to do these things. We had yet to be able to hold her so doing things to help take care of our girl felt wonderful.
Because like our love, that bird was cooked painstakingly– not too fast and not too slow at the right temperature. Standing watch, we will tend to this love with unfaltering care–
Flavor is always important when talking about an espresso coffee bean. Some want their espresso more bitter than others. You simply need to taste the various beans and their espresso to understand what you like. You also need to think about power. How strong do you want the espresso to be?
* Inside exclusive gated village
Company spokesman Alexander Westrell dismissed concerns that cash machines across Stockholm would run out of money, saying the cash depot resumed operations late Wednesday.
It is interesting to see the reactions of my co-workers when I told them that I don’t really celebrate my birthday. They actually gave me a cake. Funny thing is, I really did not know how to act when I got it. I was not surprised, as we already have the habit of buying cakes for our teammates on their birthday, that it becomes expected. So I said “Thanks!” and proceeded to put it back in the box.
“Paper was to the urban revolution what iron was to the industrial revolution,” says Scott Bennett in ‘The Golden Stain of Time’, his brilliant essay on periodical preservation. By 1851 Britain was the first country in the world where more people lived in towns than in the countryside. Paper became ubiquitous – for advertisements and announcements, for religious evangelism and for wrapping food. As the move towards universal literacy gathered pace, newspaper proprietors began buying larger areas of the Canadian forests.
Dear 13 Year old Me,
with words written on the walls
one banana
In life, there are two ways of living; there’s living like it’s your last day every single day, and then there’s just surviving, casually strolling through life like it means nothing! No way! I want a hell of a lot out of this life. I want success and freedom and fortune but most of all, I want happiness. I want to feel like I mean something to someone in a professional and personal sense. I want to make a difference in other people’s lives. I want to feel that if I died today, I’d have given it everything! I don’t want any regrets.
Coming to the end of a challenging week… I don’t know what it is, but sometimes I just seem to find it tough to fit it all in. In terms of food, I’ve been right on track, but when it comes to my usual workout routine… I’ve been off the pace a bit. Maybe that’s how it should be though… when things are too routine it’s not always a good thing. I played hockey last Sunday, did an hour of yoga on Monday, played hockey again Tuesday, rode my spin bike for over an hour Wednesday, played more hockey Thursday (which was intense with only 1 sub!), and took yesterday off. Well, other than my 6 consecutive chin ups and a second attempt to duplicate the demonstration which only made it to number 5… At the end of my shift at work is not when I’m at my optimal in terms of performance it seems. First thing in the morning seems best! I guess looking back, my week wasn’t a loss… just different.
Recept: Oh dear, it's on my desk. I guess I forgot to read it.
"Well 'kinky' is less judgmental." We both smiled. Still playing the word games, both of us. "So, neither of you ever wanted anything... unusual. Until, perhaps, he started getting ideas from elsewhere?" I suggested. "Like, maybe from magazines, and who knows what -- or who -- else?"
Who joined together for a different life
If serving cake all at once, spread cream over cooled cake and serve. Otherwise, keep cream in fridge and put a scoop on each piece as you go.
The girls are extremely proud of their "royal clothing." I think the color is quite beautiful and I'm eyeing the last bit of the powdered dye that we have left in the jar for myself someday.
56 minutes of running and my first 10k in Turkey was over. I think I'll do it again. Antalya, March 4th.
This morning I didn't work on art for swaps...though I have many to finish for April...I worked on stuff...just for me...I wish I could show you guys pics, but alas the camera has no batteries. I did the start work, now just have to embellish, etc., to finish them. I did 5 atc's, 2 mini atc's (1.5 x 2.5), a couple of Moo's (1.25 x 2.75), and several mini tags that one of my swap partners sent me with a swap. I also had a chance to mount one of my ink blot projects. I am so at peace...clear mind and happy with what I accomplished. I'll be posting them up as soon as I'm finished making them pretty.
The Crowfield Curse is a story that will appeal to fans of Catherine Fisher, Dianna Wynne Jones, Susan Cooper and Steve Augard.
Have you ever seen a cool umbrella? If so, please describe it to us.
At last—far off—at last, to all,
+Jesus did not have power to raise himself up. God had to raise him up, as the author of Acts says.
Bless You My Son 2:00
Moving along, in one month, I will be finally moving to a new place with a friend of mine! It’s a small duplex, but it’s nice inside and we have the liberty of painting, gardening, hanging stuff, etc. It’s also much closer to my work, closer to a lot of friends, closer to downtown of the city, closer to alternative transit systems (rail trolley and buses, so to speak), closer to just a lot of things I’ve been wanting to be closer to.
This series continues, as promised! I've added a new tab up at the top which explains what I'm doing here and all that.
The third story is the only one not to feature Alan. In it we get to see what his mum’s life is like, creeping out of bed early in the morning so as not to wake Robert and then heading off to the local school where she works as a cleaner. When Robert was made redundant for a while she was the sole breadwinner but now he’s taken a course and decided to set up shop in the High Street fixing watches and clocks. Like most of the pieces in this volume there’s not much of a story here but that’s not the kind of story Andrew writes; these are slices of lives which is another reason why this feels like the skeleton of a novel but I won’t labour the point because I like this style of writing very much. It feels less contrived than more carefully structured pieces; more real. Lives aren’t neat and so stories about people’s lives shouldn’t be neat either.
I also got some cheapo games for them to play before hand. A bowling game, some peg games, a tic tac toe game. Stuff to keep them interested while everyone gets there. Time fillers, you know. I got those organized too.
267I waste the matin lamp in sighs for thee,
Parents with full time (live in or out) nannies, this is just for you:). It’s a wonderful feeling to be at peace of mind knowing that you have someone highly professional, with excellent expertise in the nanny Industry. You trust her with your most prized possessions, your children. Better yet, your children love her and have an ongoing blast with her. Sometimes people, even you look at your awesome upbeat energizer bunny and wonder how she’s able to keep up so well all day long smiling and having continuous fun! She even works when the children are napping or having quiet time. Money well spent huh?
So Gabriel is really learning how to pull the strings and push the right buttons. When I scold him, he gets all sad and walks over to me and gives me the kiss face--the kid knows I'm a sucker for kisses. Tricky, tricky, Gabe!! He also knows I'm always down for a snuggle. I started noticing that he would cling to me and get all snuggly when we would leave a place and go to put him in his car seat. What a punk!! He doesn't want to get in the car (because who knows how long he'll be stuck in his (albeit awesome) car seat?) so he wraps his arms around me, lays his head on my chest and gets the most adorable look on his face. Man, he is goooood.... (and mom's a SUCKER!!)
As another example, a large company might want to try and compete with a lower cost company that is trying to edge into their marketplace; for example, a Defense contractor making a GPS receiver might fear a commercial competitor's cost advantages. They might want to change their entire approach to design of a product, taking more risk, instead of exceeding their requirements by large margins, they may try to just meet them. Instead of a receiver that will work from deep winter in Antarctica to the worst of the Sahara, they decide to make one that would work for a day-hiker. When they try to do it, the company's process manuals haunt them, and internal organizations, desperate to prove they are adding value, force the "low cost" program to adopt the same high-cost approaches they use in all of their products. This destroys the attempt to lower the cost and ensures the failure of the program.
That's right as Paul McCartney and Wings. And we collectively went into a dreadful acapella version of Mull of Kintyre. It was never broadcast of course, but we added it to our set list after that. We did it as the encore at the Lyceum, our first major headlining gig. We’d always choose two different keys, Andy would sing one part and we would play the other… it was all rather confusing. And that was our encore.
346*** 7. “Xenophon, the Trial of Socrates, and the Proper Response to the Prospect of Death.” The Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, October 4, 2001, p. 2. (Source: Item D/V/4/2001, below.) See, also, Item B-15(projected), above, pp. 140-53 (2002)
1tsp ground ginger
Thoroughly enjoyed navigating with the charming character Zack as he unfolded his trials and trivilations (sort of speak) in one of the world’s “salacious undergrounds”, Roppongi. I appreciate this much on point novel of how life could be like, as I have lived in undergrounds myself and could definitely relate. If Roppongi shall become a movie, it will be a great compliment to BLOW and The King of New York.
On joining online contest we lost on some, but we also won big time on a few of the contests. Last year was the luckiest year for both of us. We had won on several contests and because of those prizes we had paid off some of our long time debt. I do believe in this saying wholeheartedly, "Share your blessings with others." Whenever we receive a blessing we never fail to give back something to other people, to church or to charity.
but they won't fit because of the raised faucet.
The group has recently had a workshop with Netron about the general design of the application. The group presented our mock-up and received some feedback. A few minor adjustments will be made, but the general design is pretty much completed. This is still just a mock-up to showcase functionality however, so there is still a lot of work to do on the graphical design. The plan is to present some design ideas to Netron, receive some feedback and get some help from the professionals once we agree on a look.
The amount of booking requests and the money I could make if I went full time keep rolling around in my head. For all my liberal hippy bullshit, Labour views and Commie leanings, I find the thought of making that much money exciting. I keep day-dreaming about that flat in London. About lazy days, spent being this exciting, mysterious person that I could never actually be.But I want it; I want to disappear. Home keeps calling, and all my conversation is vague and evasive. I don’t want to think about them right now. The responsibility of being loved. I don’t want it. I talked to my Dad this morning, and he said he missed me, he never says stuff like that. The feeling’s mutual, but I don’t want to do anything about it. Just stay missing, stay missed. So selfish.
Where the mind is without fear and the head is held high;
Monday, 4/23: 5 hours! (The explanation mark was noted in my journal. I must have been impressed that I fell asleep)
This one seems to have started a most interesting exchange that got Aunty Belle so flustered she didn't produce one of her own. Humorous but we miss her participation. Sure would like to get my own flux capacitor working.
A unique feature of traditional Chinese medicine is the meridian system. Chinese doctors viewed the body as regulated by a network of energy pathways called meridians that link and balance the various organs.
The selection of what kind of liver pate to use wasn’t that complicated since Mommy Ryan had a block of duck liver mousse in her fridge. She is a Ryan after all, and odds are that if you look in a Ryan fridge or freezer there will be some form of liver product somewhere. Makes choices in these situations easy.
Mulla rusketus kesti vähän yli viikon, ja sanoisin että 1-2 suihkun jälkeen se oli parhaimmillaan ja ihanan luonnollisen näköinen ♡
Anyways, awhile ago I came across Marianne Williamson’s “A Return to Love”. It’s a book about what she learned in “A Course in Miracles”, and let me tell you it’s a fantastic read, or listen if you have the audio book. After listening to the audiobook once or twice, I started to put it on at work and listening to it fairly often to really let it sink in. Now in the past few weeks I have been putting it into practice, and I will say that it has blown my mind.
It is easy to fall into a pattern of behavior where we ignore the problem, and the family member, because it is just too painful to address. But is ignoring the person, the answer? Hardly. In fact, all we are doing is keeping ourselves from happiness, and in the process making others just as unhappy. Case in point: One of my relatives was for whatever reason was estranged from her father and stepmother. For the life of me, I can’t remember why. I guess they found a reason to be upset at one another, and fell into a pattern of ignoring each other, allowing stupid issues to rob them of a beautiful close bond of love. Tragically, this beautiful person died in an accident before that stupid argument was resolved… how sad, how tragic, ..how permanent. (Sorry to back up the hearse, but this is reality) Her father has spent the better part of 25 years, grieving his dear daughter, and doing the “would have, should have, could have” game. Are any of you out there in similar circumstances? If so, what is so important, so earth shaking, that you can’t reach out to those loved ones, and put the issues to bed once and for all?. Will it take a death to make you finally see how really silly those issues were? Would you even remember what it was that caused the rift? What could possibly be so important that it causes you to finish this sentence…I don’t talk to my father because…I don’t talk to my daughter because… My mother is dead to me because..” Will it take loosing those loved ones in death to make us finally wake up and realize that while one has breath in one’s body, there is nothing more important than family? In the case of my dear beloved, her children continued to suffer long after her death. Her dad so grieved because of his failure couldn’t face his grandchildren, and in the process, lost not only his daughter but a wonderful relationship with his grandchildren. Those grandchildren lost out not only a mother, but grandparents to keep the memory of their mother alive..I guess the point of this very heavy blog post is, if you have something like this taking place in your family suck it up and seek out those lost ones, love them, and do not allow the fear of rejection to keep you apart. Don’t allow another day to pass with words unspoken.. tomorrow isn’t just another day. Why not make January 1, 2011 the day to put the past in a rocket ship and shoot it to the moon."
All the score lines are scored using a ruler and embossing tool (a scoring board could also be used), and a small hole punched near the point of one of the five-sided panels. I find it easier to tuck in the tabs to get the punch further down the panel, otherwise the hole is a bit too close to the top of the birdhouse.
“Like a pair of old shoes…,” she thought, smiling.
Please leave if you are not a patient reader.
So we continued chatting as the first course was served. And went on talking through the soup and the salmon (it may not have been salmon, I can't really remember. I'm just taking a wild guess here). And we were still talking through dessert. Once or twice my neglected friend Laura leaned over. 'Can you repeat that?' she asked him, 'I didn't quite catch it.' Startled, he did, and then we went on talking. And I forgot all about the camisole disaster, and the lurking ex, and just enjoyed myself.
One new trend that I've been encountering among followers while dancing in close embrace is what I can only describe as a choke hold embrace. Their left arm is positioned such that the armpit is positioned against my right lateral deltoid or, even worse, my bicep. An immense amount of pressure is then applied to presumably achieve a strong connection. All I can say is 'Ouch!'. It feels extremely constrictive, especially when I'm trying to turn or even walk on the outside of the follower. Not to mention the pain I feel afterwards from straining against that embrace. Apparently there is a female technique meme going viral among teachers now: somehow the followers have to use their lats (back muscles) to achieve a good connection. I was informed of this by a follower who has a beautifully comfortable embrace, who has figured out how to get a good connection without squeezing the living breath out of leaders.
Here's a picture I took of Aaron at Intermission. He looks kind of menacing here, but I assure you, he was elated to be here. He's a big fan and I think secretly wishes he WAS Ben Folds.
Hordes of the Red Butcher - Norvell Page
1. Portobello Belle
This world is sometimes filled with darkness as black as the terrible skies over Joplin that day. We’ve got to find the light. Not only did Will discover the light for himself, but even now in death his time here shines for the rest of us to see.
Defence attorney Geir Lippestad believes that it’s the responsibility of the court to determine the information presented in the new report, and not the media.
And considering that you didn’t post my comments, I can only assume that your feelings were hurt. So what are you, Miro, holding fast and staying true to? You are running from a contrary opinion, you are running from a challenge, you are hiding from criticism.
I choked when I heard the estimate today. We all did. It wasn't that the part was sooo astronomical. It was the many hours of labor. There goes my dreams for my new dishwasher and refrigerator. Out the car door they go. (Get it? Out the door. Out the car door. Ha. Ha.)
We've canceled our trip to Spain (we were supposed to leave tomorrow), so we're in London until next week when we go back to Norfolk for a few days, then we're in London again until October 20 when we go to Switzerland for 5 days to visit Patrizia and Alexandra (they're the ones who stayed with us last summer). At the end of the month Lynn is coming down to London with her daughter, Milly, so I'll get to meet a fellow unschooler and blogger which will be awesome. Then we head home on November 1.
Meanwhile, any suggestions gratefully received.
The last twelve years of her life were hampered by ill health. But she took a keen interest in my own nascent literary efforts, and when, in 2004, she was invited to the launch party of the first of my Lulu Baker books, The Truth Cookie, she was as excited as I was.
Aye. It's good to remember that there are far worse things than mere death, and there is nothin' much better than Life properly ealized (in regards to our Destiny), and all that it brings (Hope, Faith, Love, Truth, Nobility, Honor, Goodness, eauty, etc.)
After 1 minute:
The next steps will entail actually piecing together and building the binder! Creating our checklists and templates. I will start plugging away at those to begin sharing more FREE templates next week!
by southern rains or footprint on the ground,
Read on for Kole's Interview with Aaron Karo:
OH DEAR LORD
Again, I do not write this blog to dictate, but rather to share my experiences, and hear yours.
And of course there is lots of rubber to choose from too if you just love rubber stamps.
Your sweet caresses as your hands followed the curves of my body
This look is more traditionally male but elegant nevertheless and "rustica"
~ the portrayal of magic, magical creatures, and magical practices or practitioners on television and in film
The most efficient way to kill -
I used to have a copy of Golden Salamander that I got as a freebie with a Greek newspaper years ago, and it was a fairly ropey transfer. However, the film has just recently been released in the UK on DVD by Odeon. The disc isn’t a perfect one, there’s a softness to the image here and there, and a few speckles. Having said that, there are also stronger sections where detail is much better defined and print damage is generally minimal. Extras are a selection of trailers for other Odeon titles, a photo gallery and a booklet of liner notes. I’m not going to claim that this movie is a classic just waiting to be rediscovered; there are the issues with scripting and structure to take into account. Still and all, it is a good mid-range effort that has more than enough plus points in its favour to earn it a recommendation.
but before you leave Jakarta. don’t forget to brush off all the unnecessary burdens from the past. draw a clear line between you and your previous lover. you know where your going, but he doesn’t. so let him know, that you know you’re not meant to be with him. for real.some jerks will try to get in your way. some from the past will still tempt you. you’d fall for one of them in March at a party, but that’s okay. cause somehow, that night wouldn’t go so smoothly, so that’s your cue to take a bow and leave.
You know what? I'm female, and I'm not a particularly big fan stories where romance is the dominant element either -- that DOES NOT MAKE ROMANCE BAD, or inherently less worthy than books that are all wit, or all humour, or all adventure, or all deep introspection (sorry, I've just been seeing the implication that romance writing is less than worthy for MONTHS and have been meaning to yell about this for a while. I think I tweet-yelled a few weeks ago). It just makes romance not my cup of tea, and that's okay for me and all those writers who want to write their romance-dominated stories.
After the show we had dinner together which the girls also enjoyed. Thanks girls for a fun time! We loved it!
2 (10 ounce) packages refrigerated
I read this article today in the Morning Call. What really impressed me is that Donovan McNabb, although he is the undisputed starting quarterback, lobbied the team owner and coach to bring Vick to his team (keeping in mind that in Vick’s prime he was one of the league’s best quarterbacks). His reason? To quote McNabb, “I believe in second chances. I believe everybody deserves a second chance and I have strong faith in God that He forgives our sins and gives an opportunity to move on in a positive light to continue to inspire others.” Way to go, Donovan. Well done.
Chest pain related to the gastrointestinal tract: Problems related to the stomach, intestines, gallbladder, or pancreas can spread or even begin with pain in the chest.
A week later I told him
EMILY WATSON / Janet Leach – “APPROPRIATE ADULT” (Sundance Channel)
So far, the response to this new line has been phenomenal, and we haven't even shown you the whole collection yet!
“STORM CORROSION is the long-discussed and highly anticipated collaboration between two of the current music scene’s most innovative and multi-talented artists; Porcupine Tree’s Steven Wilson and Mikael Åkerfeldt of Opeth. The pair have been friends since the early ’00s, when Wilson co-produced Opeth’s revered ‘Blackwater Park’ album.
that no prominent Democrat, whether he holds public office or not, has
The nine men from Rochdale were yesterday convicted of abusing five vulnerable teenagers after plying them with alcohol, food and small sums of money in return for sex. However, the true number of victims, who were "passed around" by the gang, is likely to be nearer to 50, police have admitted.
This is Maura enjoying his company. They had a good conversation.
As the beer warms I’m getting more hop aroma and flavour; a pungent, dirtier hop flavour that could be coming from that simcoe. There’re are no faults in this beer, it’s very clean and tidy, I’d guess a California ale yeast strain is at work here. And as it warms further it’s getting better and better, that hop flavour is coming through stronger, I’m getting a floral quality to it now – something along the lines of cut flowers, and then there in the finish there’s a grainy, biscuity flavour coming from the malt. I’m really enjoying this beer as I empty the glass.
Now i don't know about you ,but i could really use this set!Good luck!ends feb 4th at noon!
The individual leaving the guild would feel they are justified in leaving no matter what the reason. The player leaving for greener pastures feels they deserve those pastures, likely because they are better than the other raiders in the team because they produce more dps or fill a valuable role like a healer. Wugan the Raid Leader might disagree. So might Akandra the Officer or Matticus the Guild Master. But none of that impacts on the viewpoint of the individual.
December 23rd already!
I indulge once in a wild and I keep the portion small, the emotional eating is going down.
Therapist: You are not ruined! Moving would not be running, it would be moving… just until the coast is clear. You are fighting, that is not running. Standing strong sometimes means getting safe so you can continue to be strong. You are not ruined. I know that was out of order, but needed repeating. He can and has hurt you, but he can’t ruin you. He can only ruin himself and his chances of having a good relationship with his daughter. You are just right. Regarding money, housing, so on. Crime Victim’s Reparations helps with relocating, legal fees, counseling fees (not sure about in home therapists, sorry), and other stuff. – What do you keep almost typing? You are quiet and then type and then stop.
Distinguishing Features: OFFBEAT WIT
Yield: depends on the size and configuration of your waffle iron
5) I love musicals. I grew up watching grease, west side story, sound of music, etc over and over again. I even love the sequels, and yes, Grease 2 is a great film!
I was not too keen on the joke about the turd in the loo, which would not flush away, or the joke about rape.
There are two sorts of hockey played in our household; Basement Hockey, consisting of regular sticks and a classic orange hockey ball. We use a clothes-drying rack turned on its side as a net, and a goal crease made from hockey tape on the cement floor. Then there’s Upstairs Hockey, consisting of small hockey sticks and a soft ball that can’t possibly damage anything.
waking the fish the ducks
This is post-punk at its finest ladies and gents. Plenty of rock, punk, and experimentation rolled together, with odd vocals to top it off. The vocals are probably the only part I could see people having a problem with, but really, everyone should check this out.
From our family to yours, Happy Holi-gays!!!!!!!
What is of interest here is the other story; of what really happened behind the musical talent.
Yes, the Bible calls people fools, who say there is no God. (Psalm 53:1) And some won’t believe. The Bible says the natural man can’t receive the things of the Spirit, because they are foolishness to him. (1 Cor. 2:14)
He still refuses to ask for mercy. He chose not to appear before the Arizona Board of Executive Clemency earlier this month.
AL Central:
Naked souls in transition
Last year I kept it in a bin, but this year I'm just trying it in a big pile in the corner of the garden.
McLaren Vale
This sort of story pattern is explored in several other stories in this collection. In the second story, "The Will," Miller tells a story of a boy's faith and of time traveling gone wrong. Near the end of this story, the boy Kenny's plight is summed up succinctly in this paragraph:
St. Dymphna, on the other hand, assists those with mental and nervous disorders.
Saturday H had a couple accidents for Jeff in the evening. And Sunday they did diapers with being out of the house 1/2 of the day for showings & such. But we have come an incredibly long way in, what, a week? Especially considering I didn't think Logan would get this til he was 5! And really this wasn't even our agenda. It wasn't on my plans until July. But they totally took the lead on this one & I'm not about to deny them & miss out on our perfect opportunity & possibly make it harder on us later.
Timothy Aaron Haviland, 41, Oceanside, N.Y.
Another thing. Our party’s agitators pay 600 to 800 marks a month [in travel costs] to strengthen the Republic. Is it not proper for the Republic to cover these costs by providing them with railroad passes? Who of you thinks that we should throw our own small change to the Jewish Dawes railroad when the Republic longs to help us out?
Trimble County High School is located in Bedford, Kentucky. The mission of Trimble County High School is “to empower the faculty, students, parents, and staff to grow, compete and excel in today’s post secondary environment.” Check out the TCHS News Page and the District website to see what’s happening in Trimble County schools where “It’s about every student, every day.”
Stilton Cheese, Celery, and Pulled Bread
Thing is about vulnerability, you can't selectively numb out of it. You can't numb yourself to what makes you feel bad without also numbing yourself to what makes you feel good. Plus, pretty sure feeling vulnerable means you're alive, and human. Probably. Of course, I numbed out once and totally screwed myself into thinking I was going to die. At any moment. Never having enjoyed a single insanely bizarre fetish. Well, I wouldn't call it insane.
I gave it two coats, but that was only because of the detail and and having to spray from different angles. It only took one to cover it, I just needed too many angles for one.
1 stick unsalted butter, softened
At Lawn Fawn, we love stamps that are truly one of a kind. All of our stamps feature original designs that have been created just for you; even our fonts have been customized to perfectly coordinate with each set. And to give you the best stamp experience possible, our stamps are
room for romance. Willing to do anything to help her son come out of
RANGERS REALISM
To be honest, at this time in my life my paycheck barely covered my bills, let alone extras. But I reasoned that what I'd spend over one or two nights out at some lame bar with a bunch of predatory losers could cover a whole month's subscription to eHarmony. And if, in that month, I found no one of interest, then I would chalk it up to experience and move on.
Helen Lewis-Hasteley, assistant editor at the New Statesman said:
Those who assume young adult fiction is merely about good story-telling would do well to check out this book. At only 180 pages, it’s a quick read, but Woodson has a voice and prose style that easily rivals—and perhaps exceeds—that of many well-known literary fiction authors. I’m curious as to how Hush compares with the rest of Woodson’s work, and I’d love for those of you who’ve read her other books to share your recommendations!
* 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds removed (reserve pod
Chalupa (pork and pinto beans already in freezer) served over shredded lettuce with tomatoes, avocado and Spanish Rice
Are only reached by anguish and by pain;
“Even to get groceries?”
Truett, our Golden Retriever/White Shepherd now has some new babies to obsess over. He’s as worried as the Mother Hen when it comes to his little chicks — and so are we. That’s why last night I dropped a towel over the mom and babies and put them all in a safe, secure “nursery” inside our workshop where no hawks, weasels or other unwelcome creatures can get them.
See the grain lay scattered
I could go to for support,
Second post for me today. For my Teapot Tuesday/For Your Inspiration challenge card, please scroll down one post.
Fornäs, Johan (1995) Cultural theory and late modernity London: Sage.
Email: help.worldtechguru@mail.com
Hulk Hogan (Mr. Nanny)
So these are exactly some of the inspirational subjects I want to share with my readers. Today I attended a conference hosted by FIWAL, Federation of International Women’s Associations in London. The conference was on the topic of Social Entrepreneurship.
Or there's this residence:
Lips muttering “al mal tiempo, buena cara”, so wise,
But from now on filled with fuel
A: Decades ago, pulp writers learned to write while on the job. Early books by many of the greatest mystery, fantasy, sci-fi, and romance writers, weren't very good. But getting paid allow those writers to improve, and become the masters we now revere.
Some patients with SAD undergo light therapy session two or three times a day, others only once. The time of day and number of times treatment is administered depends on the physical needs and lifestyle of the individual patient.
To announce the coming of light;
EVERY SINGLE PERSON AND ORGANSATION IN THE WORLD THAT EVER SUPPORTED THE ANC AND THAT STILL SUPPORTS THE ANC HAS BLOOD ON HIS HANDS AND IS EQUALLY CRIMINAL AND IS AS MUCH A TERRORIST AS THE TERRORISTS THEY SUPPORTED.
I bought my first pair of skinny jeans about three years ago, and while I have repressed most of the memories surrounding that shopping experience, I recount just enough to know that I was in no hurry to do it again. So much so in fact, that when the seams of my beloved skinnies began to fray, and the belt loops, weakened from continuous hoisting over my ever-expanding muffin top, ripped off, I continued to cling to those bad boys like Rose Dawson to an old door frame. I simply could not face the prospect of doing it again.
Thanks for stoppin by and best of luck to all of you who decide to submit an application.
Poppo: Yeah, he’s great, a hero of us!
* Go ride horses. My kids love that!
3 outside
The Grateful Dead was “sui generis” in more ways than one,
I think it has turned out the way I envisioned it, this personal adventure of blogging. I certainly have learned that blogging, with its quick commentary, the short "slice of life" story, is ideally suited to my writing style. I like that some folks think I am funny.....*I* think I am funny, of course, but then the voices in my head tell me many things. So it's nice to have outside confirmation that at times, yes, I can be funny.
German does well out of bank error: “Faced with the dilemma of a vast deposit in your account from a stranger, how many of us would toy with the idea, or perhaps go ahead with, sticking it into a high interest account to profit from the error until it, inevitably, gets corrected? One man has been told he can keep the €12,000 interest earned while it was ‘resting in his account’ overnight, after his bank mistakenly deposited €200 million. Named in German media only as Michael H, he sold shares last April for €20,000, but his online bank, Comdirect, accidentally put €200 million into his account – 10,000 times the amount he was expecting. Michael H then swiftly transferred €10 million of it into his current account in a different bank. And although Comdirect successfully clawed back all the €200 million, it demanded €12,000 on top – 14.4 per cent interest on the money he moved, according to German media Die Welt and The Local. A court on Thursday, however, ruled in favour of Michael H, after he sued his bank for taking the interest.”
And used these delightful MArie Biscuits that we find here,delightfull when dipped in black coffee ,drowned in buttercream and gorged upon........
Myself without reserve;
It is, of course, completely full of crap. 'Cuz it might be free to apply...but it ain't free to get in or get a copy. It's hundreds of dollars, and access by them to your bank or credit card account information. And once they have that, they have enough.
Maybe you want to explore a new destination on your honeymoon. There’s a cruise and a ship for you. Celebrating your wedding anniversary? Take a cruise with a honeymoon package to make it extra special. There is nothing more romantic than a cruise to an enchanting destination.
“Tooooommy, cooome baaack!”
Juliet (to Andrew): “I’ve been here all morning. It’s a little break in the educational system I like to call Saturday.”
I’m snake eyes
I’m astounded by people who have unquestionable faith, how bright it is for some of those people to see what others aren’t able to see, and yet how very often it is so bright that it completely blinds them to anything else.
Face life without…
and what I chose, actually, was the life of a chair!!
‘‘(i) use cybersecurity systems to identify and obtain cyber threat information to protect the rights and property of such protected entity; and
I love flax so far, lol. There is more but thats enough for now right! so, what are the cons? well.....
10. Despite everything, try to live gratefully; it’s contagious.
Once you've tied the knot, you can use your married initial on any and every detail at your reception including your wedding favors, cake, menu cards, place and seating cards and any other items you are planning on having.
The techies contend the broadcasters want to keep the white spaces for themselves until they can figure out how to make money selling them. The broadcasters say the tech giants are trying to score free spectrum space — unlicensed devices mean companies don’t have to buy expensive spectrum space that licensed devices require. Each side dismisses its opponent’s arguments as bunk.
She is still breathing normally, and there are no sounds of snoring, suggestive of an obstructed airway. This is unusual in someone who is unconscious from a head injury. I file that titbit away, and carry on looking. Her chest is clear, and the movements are still symmetrical.
Overall, I cannot wait to get back an try some more of their beers- definitely will try their other Belgian styles.
Beyond working with tools from differing traditions, another definition of eclectic stems from the type of neo-pagan who does not belong to an established lineaged framework such as British Traditional Wicca- specifically, Alexandrian or Gardenerian (the dominant flavour of witch in my neck of the woods). For many new pagans finding an initiatory coven can nearly be impossible, and fitting into one once you’ve found it, even harder. The solution that many come up with is simply resigning to the solitary life, or making up one’s own path and starting their own coven from scratch- something they are freely bid to do by new age authors. This is the path I’m on. While the group I’m in uses initiatory rites and even a degree system, our practice is Eclectic in that our ‘High Priestess’ is self initiated. The local pagan community has put us through the ringer, and while we are one of the few non-lineaged covens that I know of locally, we have earned respect of the most of the elders of the community. Although, it has been through a lot of hard work and determination (and we are still around after the ‘phase’ time period has well and truly lapsed).
IPHONE is expected to come with newest version ios6 with icloud & iTunes. Current sensus reveals that iphone5 is coming up with Laser keyboard in which you can have a mirror image of keyboard on your desk & you can work accordingly.
Actually, I wouldn't have made the statement in the first place. While the statement may be an attempt to bolster the no-motivation argument, it does so at the expense of does-not-teach. And we all know that does-not-teach, rather than no-reason-to-combine, is your best chance of winning an obviousness argument.
Rnds 16-24: Repeat Rnd 12. At end of Rnd 24, bind off and finish in ends with large-eye blunt needle.
O me unhappy!This all happens in like the space of what — 35 lines? This wouldn't have worked even if Shakespeare had named the Play Two Douche-Satchels of Verona, although that title would have been more appropriate. Eventually, of course, everyone ends up with who they are meant to be with: Julia's presence is revealed, Proteus is forgiven, Valentine is unbanished, Silvia is unraped, and weddings are planned!1! FAHHH-bulous!1! (It take another couple dozen lines to accomplish all of that.)
I had thawed some veal stock for another dish I was working on, so I took a bit of that and mixed it with the meat from the feet and reheated it in a small saucepan on the stove.
The question about William Boyland, along with a respondent's zip code, should help the pollsters understand the resonance of the family name, especially in the eastern portions of the State Senate district.
What happened in the hearts of Tony Perotta and Hope Williams after the affair was exposed and they went their separate ways? Did they struggle with memories from their past relationship, or with wishing things would've turned out differently? Was trust ever restored in their homes after their lives crashed and burned around them? Did they ever heal enough to enjoy their marriages as before, or were they even worse off after their sin was revealed?
In contrast, the Workers Party’s likely candidate for Hougang has been keeping a relatively low profile. Hougang residents said he was hardly seen in the estate except with WP Chief Low Thia Kiang occasionally. His Facebook page has also not been updated for a long time.
14. Fools Rush In
“Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit“. e.e. cummings
Thanks to all who stopped by, especially the dedicated few who stayed for the entire A-Z series!
#1) If all money owned by all American banks, businesses and individuals was gathered up today and sent to the U.S. government, it would not be enough to pay off the U.S. national debt.
- If they have a fever, take their socks off to help it break faster.
I pray our family never sells Beech Haven. After the boundless childhood I experienced, I feel cramped living on a one-third-acre lot and long for a place where my children can roam freely, like I did. Beech Haven remains the foundation upon which my appreciation for family heritage, homegrown food and environmental preservation developed. So much of it still flows through my veins. I hear it when the cicadas sing. I smell it when the magnolias bloom. I taste it when I bite into a fig or sweet pickle. I feel it when I wade through a cool creek.
and all were baptized into Moses in the cloud and in the sea;
I can see this taking off in a big Urban Outfitters kind of way, probably paired with a maxi skirt and braids.
● Business Efficiency Manager, Time & Material Management, 5 Years
Bières de garde (or beers to keep) are France's unique contribution to beer culture. Labelled as such (at least according to Ratebeer) was also Hommelpap by the microbrewery Ferme Beck in Northern France.
I'm excited to announce that I hit the minimum fundraising goal for my 3 Day Walk!!! We had an awesome Pure Romance party this past Saturday as a fundraiser and that topped me over the $2300 mark. Woohoo! This means I can actually get checked into the walk, however, NOW I hope to actually be physically able to do the walk.
Privately, I call him Ben because there are just the two of us locked in this battle, the man of the house being in complete denial. “It’s a mouse”, insists he.
2 Spools -Pearl Assorted Colored Stick Pins
A certain amount of it was, of course. 'Bad Romance' as a project really suited NaNo and it just so happened to come along at the right moment. There wasn't time for a lot of outlining so I was able to really go where the story took me. I was able, one way or another, to avoid anyone in authority notiving just how much I was shunning my PhD.
The sentiment from Woodware is mounted on one of SU's Four Frames in Pear Pizzazz and punched with the matching punch.
$1.50 off Glade Premium Room Sprays
Traquair House Ale 330ml $8.50 - Brilliant rich strong ale, with complex malt character & a touch of oak from fermentation vessel.
But this year, the good far out weighed the bad. A new blog, a new baby, new friendships and a personal strength gained through all those challenging experiences.
Registrations are NOT TRANSFERABLE.
guard, since that’s the intersection in front of the school. And ALL
If you’re an expert on something, go ahead and show that you know what you’re talking about. One of the reasons my novel Damn Straight, a story involving a professional golfer, won a Lambda Award is that I know golf, and let my years of (painful) experience inform the book. I felt I’d done a good job when reviewer after reviewer wrote, “I absolutely hate golf, but I love how Sims writes about it in this novel. …”
We didn't have a lot of time for sightseeing but we did make it to the Great Wall the day before we had to come back. I enjoyed that except for the gaunlet of trinket sellers you had to wade through to get up there. The tourist areas in Beijing have some very aggressive sellers who will literally grab you or get in your way so you can't get by without acknowledging them. We hiked a long way on the wall, maybe 3 kilometers or so (uphill) until we got to a place where the restored part of the wall ended. When we got back to the entrance the guide that brought us there seemed surprised that we went that far.
I mean, I’ve woken up to some weird things on television before, but I just assumed that was because we have a disgusting sense of humour in New Zealand and laughing about wee’s is hilarious for us. But no. America, once again, outdoes little old Aotearoa, and goes straight for the money shot by assaulting early morning viewers with a, well, money shot.
“Stop ‘N’ Swaps have hit at the right time. In this economy, they’re a great way for residents to find things they need without having to pay and they are reducing the amount of garbage that NYC generates,” said GrowNYC Executive Director Marcel Van Ooyen. “In fact, it’s a triple-win; in addition to economic and environmental benefits, they also build community as New Yorkers come out and meet their neighbors.”
European nation states that are facing financial tensions are those who most recently have had authoritarian regimes. Greece, the country in the worst position, has the weakest of democratic arrangements and was the most recently under the control of a military junta; then Portugal, still feeling the after-effects of Salazar; Spain is coping better with its Franco hangover.
But, I still don't think I'm going to be writing all that much in the coming days. Please be patient as I sort out my life.
I took a look at my current craft supplies to see if anything inspired me and with my Mod Podge, Acrylic spray and a small bottle of glitter I knew exactly what I could use these shoes for. A shoe makeover! So I went out the next day and purchased the biggest container of chunky gold glitter I could find. I'll give you a step-by-step process of how I did this DIY.
7. There are three stages in a man’s life: Tri-Weekly, Try Weekly and Try Weakly.
So, you know how we're supposed to be trying to get outta debt?
I feel the same way about my writing. Passion for the printed word did not boil in me at a young age, driving me to learn the craft. Far from it. I was a good student, but not because I studied and worked hard. I have a good memory. History was my best class. It combined my inherit interest in the subject matter with my ability to recall facts. I won my schools Daughters of the American Revolution award for American History as a Junior. I wasn’t in AP classes and I didn’t advance beyond community college. I simply love history. On my own I have read and studied for innumerable hours, focusing on the ancient and dark age eras in Europe.
Thy throne is on the mountain top;
Is it a Dream or is it Real?
The Mia isn't even in the same league as those cheap knock offs.
The International Festival of Creativity, also known as Cannes Lions, is the world’s leading celebration of creativity in communications. Founded in 1954, the Festival takes place every June in Cannes, France.
“This is not the case.” She reportedly added.
I received a console stereo for my 13th birthday. I thought I would pee my pants when I saw it. My best friend, Allison, was there when we walked in the house and there it was with a bow on top. It was the coolest-EVER gift from my parents. I still dream about that crazy stereo, sometimes.
Employment increased by 38,000 last month, the smallest increase since September, from a revised 177,000 in April, according to figures from ADP Employer Services. The median estimate in the Bloomberg News survey called for a 175,000 advance for May.
Hugger Mugger Yoga Experienced
Duh and sorry.
And surrounded by our super awesome dilapidated fence...
Bike race days don’t bother those of us who live out here (at least, most of us), but the pre-race training gets a little crazy. Packs of cyclists vying with trash trucks, Eyre buses, school buses and commuters using these roads as a way to avoid Rte. 32 can be a little daunting.
So this is me saying, awkwardly, um....hi. How are things?
19. Proud Mary—Creedence Clearwater Revival
Being Human ‘Hold the Front Page’ airs next Sunday in the UK on BBC Three at 9PM.
It all started rather innocently just before finals in December. I was a wee bit stressed over the thought of exam essays and needed a slight diversion. I began with a small farm and planted crops that were ready to harvest in24 hours. This was the beginning of my morning ritual which involved harvesting and then planting as I had my morning coffee and cigarette.
Today I spent about 10 minutes in the kitchen.
"A catechism with unctuous Solomon-like language the words of which rise gently like a dove chirp! chirp! to the regions of pathos and thunder-like aspects."
"Pods are the seeds of our imagination."
I really enjoyed them.
Let someone shout halleluiah!
pretty please.
Often completely harmless.
Framed prints size and availability
Lately work has kept me busy, tired and unattractive due to early shifts and the fact that I'm not allowed to wear much make up. I started getting too used to au naturel face and when on Sunday I had a chance to do full war paintings on my face again I felt like a drag queen each time I looked in the mirror lol.
So I’m halfway inclined to make my advice nothing more than “you know what, just keep doing what you’re doing – the letters, off-the-cuff short stories about alien rabbits, bizarre explanations of art projects, song parodies, actual songs, inappropriately handled essays, weird one-act plays, and all those emails about nothing at all – keep it up, yo, because it’s gonna happen. You’ll be a writer.”
Today when the inevitable question came "Mommy, can we go in the pool?" the answer was "Not yet, maybe later when we get back from the baby doctor." Now, "baby doctor" is a term that I used loosely to explain the traveling back and forth to my midwife's office. I'm sure she'd strongly oppose this practice, but it served my purposes at the time. I remember thinking while getting ready for my appointment how insignificant it felt. Just another quick check up, smack dab in the middle of a very long pregnancy. I pretty much just threw on a pair of denim capris, a pink t-shirt, threw my hair in a pony tail and headed out the door with my already large brood of children. I expected the whole thing to fly by so quickly that I didn't even bother to feed them lunch....after all they'd JUST eaten breakfast.
Right now, I have 2. Country Heels, my new romance novel and my yet to be revealed Steal Me Into Moonlight. It’s a vampire romance novel full of everything. My life is tied to my books. They’re what I always have when nothing else is certain in life.
(Still searching for a garbage can at this point.)
F. Deicer
What we need in this situation is some self-compassion. What does this mean? It means being kind to yourself, especially when you’ve made a mistake. Self-compassion has been suggested to lessen anxiety and depression. That shouldn’t come as a surprise to anyone who’s found themselves mentally replaying some miss-step. It can be exhausting! Mark Leary, PhD, a professor of psychology and neuroscience at Duke University says that “studies show that self-compassionate people are more proactive about looking after themselves. They’re more likely to take vitamins, practice safe sex, and go to the doctor when they’re sick.”
Thus when a fetus is 'viable' it is a citizen as it has passed that threshold (totally and absolutely temporal, bound in the material world) in which the life can be sustained without a direct umbilical cord attachment to the mother or host and can then develop normally outside of that host. At that point the full citizenship rights are with the fetus as it now gets absolute and full legal protection including the right to privacy and safe conduct within its host or via secondary means at a cost to the State or via designated charities willing to do this work.
What will replace God? The same being who will replace man; the Superman. Nietzsche’s masterpiece, Thus Spake Zarathustra, celebrates this new god.
At the end of the book I went in search of who would be in the next novel and I was happy to see it was going to be Amy and Will. I like that Dreiling is keeping with the theme of rakes and how the woman will be reforming them in some way.
When right-wing commentators note that ‘there is nothing Barack Obama would like better than to close Murdoch down in the US’, their assumption is one of a Democrat President trying to remove an opponent. In fact, it is more to do with Obama’s sense that Newscorp is already far too powerful and above the law in America. He will not have been reassured by recent events in the UK.
According to Dr. Butkus, the Wayne State University psychologist, “any significant change in behavior is generally a red flag.” A happy child who turns irritable, headaches, unexplained behavior, etc. are all symptoms. And parents shouldn’t just look at their own children.
For the first time in several years, my family is battling a headcold. As so often happens, a friend shared nice. First, one of us was sick. Then, two more. So, herbal treatments and cough syrup are helping us get through.
Now I've got to get around to quilting it. That part probably won't be as fast as the piecing, but I've got a month and a half!
(Mom was there too, but the photo I took of her turned out too dark to salvage.)
I wondered if he was thinking back to all the times at the store he asked for something and we gave him the line, we can’t afford that.
Last week, I overheard Seth playing on XBox Live - he was telling his friends that we had Oreo cake, that he loved it, and that his mom made it all the time. All of which are wishes on his part - I never even knew such a thing as Oreo cake existed. I didn't tell Seth I overheard him or ask him about it; he has always been a champion story teller. This past weekend, I came up with a recipe for Oreo cake that I'll try later in the week - white cake with crushed Trader Joe's Jo-Jo pieces mixed in, or deep chocolate cake (I haven't decided) and creamy Jo-Jo-flecked frosting. I want to surprise him with it, and I love that he doesn't know I overheard him. There it will be: an Oreo cake! (the no-high-fructose-corn-syrup version)
to appear, to innovate some of the rusted structures of spirituality. I can certainly agree with this sentiment in many ways, but it is essential to remember that real change begins within our own heart. The maha-mantra is a tool, a spiritualized lifestyle app, which allows us to come to the core of the real innovation and creativity of our true being.
Currently there are 5,144,269 immigrants living legally in Spain with current residency papers. Of those 2,476,334 come from the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway or Switzerland, and the rest, 2,667,935 come from countries such as Morocco, Ecuador, Colombia, China, Bolivia and Peru among others.
We may well remember the value of little open spaces, spots where folk may repair from the bustle of the street to stop and rest awhile ; very small spaces may serve such purposes. Playing places for children may often be secured in the centres of building areas, which without the making of an additional and costly road would be of little value for building purposes; points too where fine views are obtained, and where the sunset can be seen, can often be preserved by the devotion of a very small area of ground and would add much to the pleasure to be obtained in the district.
Their demand is mostly inspired by the notion called ideological illusion. Trying to create a parallel between Gandhi’s non-cooperation movement and that of inserting puritan reforms confirms the misguided principles with which the aam janta is led today.
Packy got his name by way of a local radio station 'name the baby elephant' contest. The winning entry was a play on 'pachyderm'. And so Packy was dubbed.
Of course, we went to the Jewel Room first. This is DD in a $5k necklace made of cut crystal and gold. It’s a low end item.
The rest of the time was mostly taken up with in house stuff. One of the fighters had lost his father over the weekend so the show generously allowed him the privacy of having a camera shoved in his face, presumably so he could cry in peace – with us watching. Tough it up man, this is the ultimate fighter. They did allow him to go to the funeral and come back again and continue. They know how to look after their fighters in the UFC.
The newspapers have been full of prisoner votes, ‘perverts’ (The Sun, Daily Mail et al) being allowed to come off the sex offender register and now, to inflame the blazer wearers of middle England, the outrage of leading murderers and rapists using the ‘hated European Human Rights laws’ to get benefits while in prison. Carl Gardner, author of The Head of Legal blog brings analysis to the fore with his question and blog post… Have lawyers really “cleared” the government to defy Strasbourg over prisoners’ votes?
* "The Pit and the Pendulum" by Edgar A. Poe
A typical 'street photographer' style can be recognized in Sternfeld's early and as yet unknown work, using a 35mm camera, to record everyday life in America. This work already contained the characteristics that made his later work so successful. In 1978, Joel Sternfeld began a long journey through the United States. For eight years he crisscrossed his homeland and recorded everything he encountered with his large-format camera. His investigation into the landscape and people moving within it resulted in the American Prospects series (1979-1983). In Stranger Passing (1987-2000) Sternfeld concentrated on people. He photographed them in an unambiguous way: from the same distance and looking directly into the camera. This series is a portrait of a society, comparable to the magnum opus of August Sander in the early twentieth century. Just as in American Prospect, there is evidence of a light absurdism as well as sympathy for those being portrayed.
Oh, I believe in yesterday (...... maybe because yesterday happened??).
I will still be there to help you relearn…help you bear the consequences of your then
Jamie Moyer has faced Michael Young, Dmitri Young, Chris Young, another Chris Young, Eric Young, Kevin Young, Ernie Young and, yes, Joel Youngblood.
I can't believe she sounds as good as she does, I swear, given the way she sounded before the surgery and immediately thereafter. She sounded SO incredibly weak beforehand, and her coloring was just wiped out. I swear, I thought for a second that this had all (finally) turned her hair gray.
Felicity sharply turned her head away and took in a quick intake of breath, but before she could begin to explain to him how much she felt betrayed and how stupid she was for having believed his little charade of sweetness and how good he was at faking genuine friendliness, all of these thoughts having come rampaging through her mind the split second he posed the question, he interrupted her and said, ‘No worries. Just giving it a shot. I do want to play with you, it’s just you’re pretty cute as well, so, you know. But never mind.’ He shot her another smile, the same as before.
Now a few words for the graduating class -
We will start with Thursday’s statement by the administrators. As usual, their statement is in bold with my comments beneath in plain text. As an added bonus their release was combined with the “au revoirs” of the first two employees to leave Ibrox under D&P.
I genuinely thought we had won the long argument on double-jobbing. It seemed the pressure had told, when in March this year the DUP anounced all but their Party leader, would give up their second seats. See the link below.
The point is, if you want people to accept the incest, you have to give them more of a reason for siblings to have sex than simply because they wanted it. People want lots of things that are not acceptable, but that does not make the thing acceptable to lots of people. As always, with writing, you need to figure out what your motive is for writing the scene before you can figure out your characters’ motivations. Are you trying to prove that sibling love is acceptable? That it’s inevitable under certain circumstances? That love is love wherever you find it? That you have the hots for your sister or brother and want society’s okay? Whatever you want to prove, you then have to write the scene with this objective in mind.
“It was my tribute to their proud, naked way of living!” she protested.
expected from.
Monday the 7th was my seventh stop and I was glad to wet my gullet at the Fiction Thirst Saloon. The proprietor Rhys was only about 15 or maybe 16 yrs old. So we drank sarsaparilla instead of whiskey. I reminisced about my childhood and I told him about The First Gunslingers I Ever Met, back in the days when things were still in black & white. One of them dressed All in Black & one of them wore Trowsers so Tight they Split & one of them was a Master of Disguise.
It's the part of me that thinks "I wonder where this goes" every time I stumble upon a new road.
Tue-AM: 1:14, 2500' ~ Green Mt.
“Floodwaters are already surrounding the Fort Calhoun plant. The river has risen 1.5 feet higher than Fort Calhoun’s 1,004-foot elevation above sea level, but the water is being held back by an 8-foot-tall flood barrier,” a report said on Friday.
waiting for him,
I didn't know whether to laugh or cry when I read this - but I chose to laugh - to help alleviate the stresses of the last few weeks. And I thought I'd take the laugher a step further by taking the piss out of the moron who wrote it.
A talk about Australian hops followed, and on leaving we were given a goody bag of small samples of various new, old and Australian hop varieties which I will no doubt return to at some point soon.
I live in Henryville, IN.
flowers-woc
When he returned from his climb, he was "ambushed" at the airport by a reporter who noted that the press was gathering information about his non Appalachian jaunt. When confronted with that bit of information, he held a press conference where he admitted to the affair.
First put the butter/oil in your food processor/mixer, stir at slow speed. The butter/oil will start changing consistency, slowly add the sugar. Let them mix together till the oil and the sugar reach cloud like consistency of whipped cream. Then add one egg at a time and keep mixing slowly. Finally add the flour mixture a little at a time, alternating with the milk, maintaining the slow mixing pace.
That’s what she said. Those were the rules. They were always the rules. Maybe I thought they were bull. Maybe I believed in them just a tiny bit. But overall, I wanted to see the ring for myself.
I just wanted to put that out there because she is truly amazing and that just made my whole month.
If you like to enter to win a case of underWAY to try, please leave a comment sharing "why you’d love to try underWAY and/or Smart for Life products."
Hmm, yeah, sometimes it would be nice if the things I put out on the Internet got seen only by the audience I'm picturing when I write them.
2012 is nothing more than a protracted repeat of the 2008 election cycle, and one is now realizing, when the money is gone, and the campaign is resorting to posting on blogs and new sites where every seemingly negative article on Romney is an invitation to use the “Mormon Card” , the desperation of the Romney campaign is now apparent.
I hope you've enjoyed my stitchy blast from the past! It's been nice to revisit some old stitched pieces... I'm quite keen to start a larger stitched project now but I have heaps of swops that I need to finish crafting for first! Mustn't get distracted!! Lol! I've spotted a couple of Jubilee samplers that I'd really like to stitch though, so I think I'll get the materials for those in ready for the summer when I'll have a bit more time!
I never dreamed my heart would make it,
But for my friends who've been here longer, the good-Samaritan-high has lost its appeal. They're tired of being bothered and just want to go about their business without someone saying, "Aahhh Eh-scu-zay-mwah, par-lay Ahn-glay?" and I can kind of understand their point of view.
The reading page is clear and customizable. Select a word or phrase and the menu offers to copy, highlight, add a note, bookmark or search for the word in the rest of the Bible. Bible Reader can also search Bible dictionaries in their library as well. Opening a note adds a floating window designed to look like a sheet of notebooks paper similar to the NotePad app. This notepad can be expanded to the full screen. The title is customizable and the heading includes the date created and last date modified. Tags may be added for faster searching and notes may be saved to categories.
RLR has kindly given me access once again to his collection. It was like a "kid in a toy shop" situation: it was hard to select tapes and at the end I came home with some 250 tapes to listen and eventually to transfer in the digital domain. Some of them will be shared here, possibly the most interesting ones.
It's raining again. (sigh) I was really enjoying the sunshine. Maybe it'll be back. Eventually.
Ink: Clearsnap (Stephanie Bernard Dye: strawberry) & Tsukineko (Versafine: onyx black)
And I wish I had that kind of faith.
Here is a list of the world's most ridiculous laws... no wonder lawyers earn so much!
Hi crafty friend:
Authentic souvlaki is served with a half a lemon and some extra Greek oregano sprinkled over the meat and potatoes. For a little healthier option, try using these oven fries.
Who gained from this decision, and in what ways? Did anyone make money (from consultancies, etc) from giving advice that influenced the decision? Was there other pressure? Was there a stitch up? Or – was it simply a dumb and costly decision?
Years later,
The Ragged Schools movement has been fairly well documented in a number of texts, but I've been unable to find any mention of either Edward Foster or his son, who described himself as an "Author Lecturer & Professor of Elocution &c." in the 1851 Census, having a prominent role in their promotion or growth.
“Yes, I’ll bring the evidence. See you in about thirty minutes?”
Frankenstein was created by a mad scientist.
Music that inspires you to write that song about that sweet little pretty thing you have on the end of your arm.
1 kissing
(Author’s Note: Three Word Wednesday this week offersthe prompt words Draft, Locate and Serenity, which brought to mind a story I wrote back in October 2010, Seeking Serenity. So this is a follow-up, of sorts…)
But Godl thought little of the noise. He rarely made any, as the fullness of his muscles and taut sinews testified to the creatures whose last vision in the world was the shadow of the jaguar.
legs are separate from torso and attached with disc and wire.
Zeke is my middle boy and along with Ross (Bass) and Jordan (Drums) they’ve put together a band called The Insights.
Pray, tell me, my love, for I do want to know
flat-leaf parsley - generous handful, roughly chopped
The cost of the flour used in one cake is a very small part of the total expense, and yet these few cents' worth of flour have more to do with the success of the cake than all the other ingredients.
Yeah. No explanation needed (we didn't start off well rested, okay?).
-Bateau El Alamein: A little boat deck terrace that is busting with pretty plants and flowers.
Who was never here, never there
CHARLOTTE ELLET (Soprano)
White pearls in the corners on the front of the card and done.
The kids thought it was Awesome!!!
BLITZER: Governor Romney, why are you the one person on this stage most likely to beat President Obama?
Mom: (after laughing really hard) We will have to get a bigger house.
“Put aside privacy - and the government has - the scheme is an astonishing waste of money. What problem does it solve that is worth billions?”
Maybe it is because we were there for nearly a month, unexpectedly grounded by the volcano in Iceland, but for the first time we left Texas without looking back. For the first time since we’ve been going back to Texas, I drove to the airport without the children crying and carrying on. My oldest daughter tuned the satellite radio to BBC’s Radio 1; she couldn’t wait to fly home and be reunited with her English friends.
Over brandy and Christmas pud’ Nirab turned his attentions to Uncle Dudley and beat him in the staring out game. Uncle Dudley began to cry like he does when drunk/emotional and got the better of. Then Nirab nearly choked on the penny in the pudding and everybody laughed, apart from Mother, who beat Nirab’s back rapidly, squealing and trying to get it up…
But one Tea Party beef is actually related to tea.
July – TBA (Europe -LMS)
Duncan: I like the animals, but I love the humans.
Only one man can save her-a man who claims to be a fellow oceanographer. He will seek to gain Melis’s trust, getting close to her secret and her life. But what this enigmatic man really wants, Melis may not discover until it’s too late. Because whoever is after her knows her nightmare intimately, and soon she will be forced to relive them all over again.
4. Chicago Cultural Center: In the shadow of sparkling new Millennium Park and the legendary Art Institute of Chicago, the Chicago Cultural Center sometimes gets overlooked but it’s a very regrettable mistake. Boasting the world’s largest stained glass Tiffany dome and gleaming Carrara marble, the cultural center is an architectural marvel in its own right but there’s so much more. Art exhibits, concerts, films, lectures and festivals are presented almost every day of the week and all for free.
“There must be wide and prolonged awareness campaigns to educate the public, and standard operating procedures for officers to produce their authority card bearing their name, rank and number.”
Heat some vegetable oil in wok and sauteed ingredients for gravy (dressing) until fragrant. Add a little water if the gravy is too dry. Add all the vegetables and stir fry for a short while. Garnish with peanuts and sesame seeds and serve.
Tips: Best to go with a group.
In the future I plan on using these techniques to survive conventions:
That is about to change. The USPTO and the EPO (which observes the IPC) announced today that they are working on a joint classification system that "will be more detailed than the IPC to improve patent searching. As a result, the two offices would move closer to eliminating the unnecessary duplication of work between the two offices, thus promoting more efficient examinations, while also enhancing patent examination quality."
Were this contest to take place in St. Louis, I’d give the rams the edge, even though their massive horns would do little damage to men who have peglegs. Since the game will take place in the Raiders’ arena, I anticipate an entire flock of sheep walking the plank.
Why not??
Get out some paper and crayons or markers, or magazines to cut up and glue. Make a picture together that depicts the setting you discussed.
Every time I like you
shadow of illness.
Hello Everyone,
This weekend I exhibited at Comica Comiket, and I have a few thoughts about it.
Speaking of the devil again, he’s brooding over Ga Young’s confession in his office and Anna’s words. He drinks. Yeah, like that’s a solution. Finally, he picks up his phone. Ga Young is stirred awake when the phone vibrates and finally picks it up. He asks how she’s feeling but there’s a silence that follows and he finally mutters, “I’m sorry. It’s better if you don’t come (back). I’m sorry.” Tears fall from Ga Young’s eyes as she puts the phone down in shock.
First, I owe a lot of moral support to Ian Williams, a.k.a. Graveyard Parade. It was the aforementioned lengthy conversation with him that initially forced me to face this problem directly. Also to his bride-to-be, The Official Bailey, my long-lost twin and the principle benefactor of the demonstrative affection that I discussed earlier. The two of you were powerful enough as individuals. It has been astounding in the most incredible way to see what the combining of such awesomeness can do. Kudos.
Address: 27 College Street, Te Aro, Wellington 6011
From Counterpunch, Ehrenreich, who, along with Jonathan Kozol and the late Joe Bageant and a vanishingly few others, tells the true story of American poverty more clearly than anyone else explores how we punish the poor::
“But that’s never worked in the past! History has proven that!” Kayla exploded unexpectedly. She believed that they would die as a shining example of the persevering human spirit–not as heathen charlatans!
Secondly, it is necessary to stand firm in the defence of vital practices and institutions as they come under increasing threat, not only the rule of law but also academic freedom, independent civil society, a free Press, an independent legal profession and prosecution service, and independent courts. It is also necessary that organisations other than business come to the public defence of the free market system, private enterprise, and entrepreneurship.
"Antony Funnell: Dr Kevin Grazier, an interplanetary scientist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a former science adviser for the TV series Battlestar Galactica and also a certified science fiction nut. No offence of course.
Measure Mrs. Carroll!! Please note that this template is not to scale ;) HA!!
Most personal growth books advocate auto-suggestion and positive thinking as a route to genuine change and Wake Up And Live! is no exception. It stands apart from the competition, however, because it is written in plain English and you get the strong impression feeling that Brande felt compelled to write this book out of genuinely altruistic motives.
The other way to categorize these might be according to permanence: the borders that are more transitional and in movement tend to be neutral to positive, while the borders that suggest permanent change are characterized as negative. This would seem to hold for the wider novel. Consider that the twinned villains, Kafka's father and Johnnie Walker, are in the business of producing fixity, in the form of sculpture and distilling souls into an all-powerful weapon.
This comes as no surprise really. In their short time on both record and stage, Cut Off Your Hands have built both their fanbase and media hyperbole on a slew of melodic and downright memorable offerings. From the romantic naivety of songs like Oh Girl, to the speeding, hyper-love balladry of the pop-paean Still Fond, the four-piece have shown they’ve got what it takes to grab the world by it’s collective scruff and shake them into spinning, lovesick action. Happy As Can Be continues this impressive mode.
GINGRICH: I was meeting Rick’s desire for grandiose ideas. But –
To all my friends who ask me about weight loss.
“I know it seems odd, but I really have no idea why I’m here, or where here is. It might be some sort of amnesia I guess.” Derrek lied outright; he knew all too well that everything here was wrong. He was likely dreaming or worse, dead.
Participants who complete the session successfully will receive relevant diplomas, certified by the NATO’s Public Diplomacy Division and Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan.
After several decades, it has still not worn off. I regret not showing courtesy with a friendlier look. As such, it is easy to understand why some police officers can look fierce, considering what they have to put up with.
one sweet handmade card,
Give a man a free hand and he’ll run it all over you.
Bernstein’s areas of expertise include federal and state economic and fiscal policies, income inequality and mobility, trends in employment and earnings, international comparisons, and the analysis of financial and housing markets.
Don't miss the call
Release Date: June 20, 2011
Aaaannnd! This is my final painting for the presentation tomorrow! So happy to be getting onto something new. Sick to bits of painting the studio really badly. I really got that perspective wrong but that’s what happens with those rules where you have to start in the middle with small shapes and do one shape at a time… The edges go wonky as.
Hope you have enjoyed my 5 tips for sewing this Christmas block. For more free patterns and other "how to" tutorials visit www.stitchingcow.com today. Have fun!
In September I registered for tax and finally got into running some workshops in December for myself and soon realised that my mobility problems would not make it impossible to teach. But as well as loving knitting and crochet I also love to help others unlock their potential and I wanted to find a way to make that happen. And eventually the idea of a social enterprise was born. The aims of the company are a bit diverse but the ethos is to reach people who are socially isolated or experiencing a lack of confidence or huge change in circumstances and offer them some hope through learning a new skill and unleashing some creativity. Its amazing to see people who come along telling me they’ve been told they’ll never learn anything mastering the basics and asking to move on to the next challenge. I suppose its my chance to give something back for the support and encouragement I’ve had along the way and an opportunity to say to others – “Don’t let anyone tell you you can’t!”
There are so many places to start with this one: The former Lehman Bros ummm errrr **risk manager** supposedly at the risk-helm; that it occurred within the supposed sober-minded Swiss Bastion of Stability (remaining CHF Longs take note and please re-examine thesis!!); The sheer size of the loss (WTF kind of nominal exposures did it take to generate that magnitude of red-ink?!?!?); and that, while dwarfing other rogue trading losses, still seems trifling in comparison to Madoff, GreeceIrelandPortugalUSACalifornia, FNM&FRE, and, yes, UBS's own US sub-prime write-offs and subsequent equity raise; AIG/Cassano's ridiculuous carpet-bombing of the market with sub-prime "puts", and so forth. These of course will be examined in (hopefully amusing) detail by everyone else, the results I am currently enjoying.
Caitlin R. Kiernan – The Ape’s Wife
Brass Construction ~ International ~ Capitol ~ 1984
There would be no more Sorrow
In a large bowl, pile the bread flour, plain four and salt and make a well in the centre of pile. You can put the flour straight onto a large work surface if you like but I find I just end up making a mess so I always use a bowl. Pour the dissolved yeast mixture into the well and move your fingers in a circular motion to slowly incorporate the liquid into the dry ingredients until all of has been soaked up. Next, slowly pour in the other half of the tepid water into the flour and gradually incorporate it. You want the dough to be quite moist as the more moist it is, the lighter your bread will be.
country girl in charge of the blankets and her sister, a little fancier, supervising shower supplies.
Intensity of fun: moderate
1I said, I will take heed to my ways, that I sin not with my tongue: I will keep my mouth with a bridle, while the wicked is before me.
Woody Harrelson, The Messenger
Regarding character traits, Maimonides writes “that a person should follow the golden ‘path of the middle’ and not lean towards one extreme or the other.”
Actually, I did do a good bit of reading, it was just kind of different than what I usually do. My son's online course is an English course called, "The Journey." The readings were a really interesting collection, everything from poetry by Robert Frost, Alfred Lord Tennyson, and Mary Oliver, to articles by Steven Covey, to a section of Helen Keller's Autobiography, and a section of KAFFIR BOY. There were also about ten short stories- "The Necklace" by Guy Mauipassaunt, “The Silver Mine” by Selma Lagerlof, How Much Land Does a Man Need? by Tolstoy, and "The Bet" by Chekhov.
However, the film does actually have some funny moments and moments that are actually somehow touching. It’s great to see the image that George Banks has of his kid as she was once all young and little, going from braces to push-up bras, and little scooters to a Cadillac, and now she’s finally going to live on her own and be a grown-up just like him. This was brought up a lot, almost too much at some points but I think that this film shows a touching look on what the relationship between a father and daughter is and how it’s a happy but also kind of sad moment to see someone who seemed so little, be a biggy kid now.
We count years, months, days, and hours. Everything “counts” as we manage this neurological monster that lives in our back pockets.
Having said that, I’ve never used or been exposed to virtual reference from an archivist via Chat formats. Interestingly enough, our outreach librarian handles ALL reference requests, at times, consulting the archivists. While I see this as a gap between reference and technical services, I also think it encourages skill sharing between staff and opportunities to strengthen on-the-job duties. With outlets like chat for digital archives reference, it is important to offer alternatives for reference, but I also think archives reference deserves more time and thoughtful considerations. Electronic finding aids with digital object links are ideal, but I’m wondering how they work with large, legacy collections? Small collections have the advantage in that way. Financial support is always going to be a barrier in service, so how might we utilize established library public reference services already in place?
But perhaps the best way to reveal the absurdity of much that has been suggested would be to take it seriously. Let us do that then. Let us describe the society and the nature of the media in the world that is contained in those public responses to the DA's decision.
BLITZER: Is there any dialogue under way right now between your
Today we drove around the area of the lower sloped of Haleakala called Up Country. Up Country consists of rolling hills, cattle farms, lavender gardens, and botanical gardens. I didn’t want to drive up all of the switch-backs to the top, so we visited the Kula botanical gardens (a family-run operation). We were there during peak flower blooming and we saw many exotic flowers and unique plants. There were also waterfall, a koi pond, and an aviary with lovebirds. These gardens were more beautiful garden than the arboretum on Oahu and we didn't get lost!
"I would actually drink..." Here Leone pauses and looks at Pinkerton apologetically, "I'm gonna say it - Miller Lite in the summertime."
My sweets, what are you doing this weekend? My mom is coming from Michigan to visit tomorrow, and Alex and I are taking a staycation in New York next week! Alex is staying home from work, and my mom will hang out with Toby while Alex and I go on adventures, like taking snowy bike rides, going to a speakeasy in Queens and having long dinners with friends. We're even considering staying in a hotel for a night (is that crazy?). I'm so excited for a breather and want to give my mom a huge kiss for letting us galavant around the city!
On NFL game days this season, Rock Bottom Brewery will offer a delicious dining deal. The new special appetizer menu offers a variety of appetizers priced at $5, $7 and $11. The menu is available on Sundays during any and all games.
Here is how I made the soup:
Pranab Mukherjee, in his Budget speech, said, “To ensure that the objectives of the National Food Security Bill are effectively realised, a Public Distribution System using the Aadhar platform is being created.” The Finance Minister also mentioned, “The recommendations of the task force headed by Nandan Nilekani on IT strategy for direct transfer of subsidy have been accepted.” Speaking to this newspaper, Anupam Saraf, a former Governance Advisor to the Government of Goa and an independent leadership, strategy and innovation mentor, said, “The process of registering individuals under Aadhar was assigned to third parties. There is no way to ensure that the third parties will not register non-existent individuals. This leaves a lot of room for massive scams, corruption and leakages if the data is used for distribution of subsidies. Thus the proposed Food Security Bill and targeting of fertilizer subsidies will be based on data which is not reliable. Instead of better targeting of subsidies, it will only lead to more leakages.”
* Close to my Heart Cranberry Ink
And almost every time—cut the last two lines.
When April gets to know you, she explains her unusual story. Every since she was little, April felt different from the other kids. When they squealed, she purred. When they played with dolls, she played with balls of yarn. April says she feels like a cat trapped in a woman's body. And she's felt that way ever since she was a kitten.
I'll leave you with a certain Spotted One trying to rescue his favorite blinky ball from the clutches of the Holee Roller which he received for Christmas. For some reason, he doesn't seem to get as much pleasure out of his new toy as we do. The entertainment factor for us is quite high. What can I say, we're easily amused these days......
Your book did not. You never saw:
Item #: CPTW-M1201-03
“How’d you kids like to make 50 cents?”
Artmaking. It was awful.
I’m sorry, but the ad was misleading. The position advertised for was a reporter. Oh yes, I’d definitely be the reporter-and editor-for one paper. Needless to say, I nearly had an ulcer as I sat through the interview.
He was a raisin of a man,
well, first 2 year milestones . . .
3) Do not be afraid of the teeny weeny lil' CDRs. They can fit on the spindle of your computer disc media player, no problem!
We're slowly getting the starting sounds of words out of his mouth. We still use sign for 95% of our communication, but we are really pushing for sounds. He's great at signing "bath" and saying "bah" while doing so. He can completely say "side" (outside), "star", "Dada", "sissy." We have another PAT evaluation at the end of this week, so we'll see what she says about his vocal improvements and see if she believes an intervention may be necessary.
This is a no brainer, even people who aren’t hardcore Prince fans own this soundtrack to the same-named movie. Starting out with the hard-rocking “Let’s Go Crazy”, the album offers a tasty mix of pop and soul. The album also contains one of his most covered songs, “When Doves Cry”.
The both follow the same flavor profile, malty stout with more of a cocoa nib flavor in the bitter department than coffee. It was perfectly carbonated just enough to make it drinkable, but not enough that it takes away from the heaviness of the beer. The regular version reminded me alot of Lagunitas Imperial stout, but the nitro was a whole different ball game. The oak aging was just enough to give the beer another level of depth, a slight tannin acidity kind of like a wine. But the oak just made the flavor that much more complex. The nitro tap definately helped add another layer, along with the gigantic head that a nitro tap produces it gave it a great creaminess that just pushed the beer over the top. If it was up to me I could have sat there at that restaurant table one the street in Portland all day drinking that beer. Actually in fact I did nurse that beer for quite some time since it was a perfect day and we were leaving the next day...
After some food, water, and rest we started the final chapter on this trip. By this time we started seeing dayhikers from the rim. It was possible, I suppose, to go down to Indian Garden and back in a day. Perhaps in warmer season spend the afternoon down and then come back in the evening. Well, that can be done some other time. We had the goal to make it out, preferably before dark. Since there were no junctions any more I let the guys to just go. Shafi, Rienk, Lily, and Joseph sprinted ahead. I sort of stayed behind to make sure that Rita was fine.
Do you have a wedding dress that you know will never be worn again? Is it a to beautiful to be kept in a box on the top shelf of your closet. Maybe you would enjoy it more if you could wear it in another way?
If you read the blog on 16th April, you'll have seen Sue Purkiss's review of All Fall Down, Sally's latest book. Now you can have the pleasure of seeing the story from the other side, how the author did the research that fed into the authenticity Sue found in the book. But first, a bit about Sally:
Wrapped up in a five-pound note.
Date: 13.3.2010
Yup, Johnny Cash covering (bugger…the ‘Hot August Night’ bloke from the seventies). You should listen to some of his covers. He did an effing amazing version of Nibe Inch Nails ‘Hurt’. Plus Depeche Modes ‘Personal Jesus’. ‘I Won’t Back Down’ (Tom Petty?), ‘I Hung My Head’ is absolutely a must hear. Who first did that one? Heartbreaking. Neil Youngs ‘Heart of Gold’and (who did) The Mercy Seat (Nick Cave?). Most of you know that I am *not* a country music fan, but Mr Cash’s take on these tracks have spun me.
“He’s got to stop criticising (federal Liberal president) Alan Stockdale and Malcolm Turnbull and (Melbourne Lord Mayor) Robert Doyle and (Senator) Michael Ronaldson and John Hewson and Andrew Peacock and (Mr Kroger’s former wife Senator) Helen Kroger.
We welcomed Luke Notary ’96 and his band House of Waters to perform at last Tuesday’s special assembly and to hold workshops with jazz and world music students. Based in Brooklyn, House of Waters is composed of Max ZT (hammered dulcimer), Moto Fukushima (6-string custom Fodera bass), and Luke (percussion).
I’d be a pretty lousy agent. I love some genres, and I don’t love other genres. I read outside my favorites, but I generally stick to Science Fiction and Fantasy (hence the title of this here blog). That means that right out of the gates, I’m already biased (I'm a scientist, this a big admission, here). There are stories I’d much rather read than others. That means a Yes from me might be a no from someone else. Dragons in space? From me, that’s a yes. From just about any self respecting agent? That depends (on concept and writing), but probably no. It’s as much about personal taste as it is about the craft. There were perfectly fine queries that were just for things I don’t like to read, so they got “no.”
04. Press It Onto Wax (Feat. The Aztext)
He needs to solve a case that has becomes a political hot potato, come to grips with his divorce, while he hopes to rescue LIZZY from a dead end life. But he begins to question who most needs to be rescued: LIZZY or himself.
Sometimes the truth just hurts. Sometimes there is no comfort in the truth. Sometimes it just is what it is, and the only comfort is just knowing that no matter what, God is working for His glory.
4. into the mixer, beat in one egg at a time, beating well after each egg. Don't forget to scrap down the sides between egg addition.
The noose is tightening on your organization, vast amounts of money printing are now required to keep your manipulated economy afloat. It will ultimately result in huge price inflation, or, if you stop printing, another massive economic crash will occur. There is no other way out.
1. Please post something YOU made. It doesn't matter if it is crochet, quilt, clothing, anything would be fine. I want to see it! If you use someone's idea or patterns please give them the rightful credit.
All that has been said about 'sight-seeing' and 'picture painting,' the little French talk, and observations to be noted in the family diary, belongs just as much to winter weather as to summer; and there is no end to the things to be seen and noted. Vol 1 pg 85-86
Your answers should be in respect of the work you are undertaking for Sheffield Hallam University
Although Dan Clowes writes and draws all his own stories, the real art of this piece is how the hell this middle-aged man managed to nail the thoughts and characterisations of these two teenagers so well! The dialogue is spot-on, and the relationship between the girls and their ‘friends’ is agonisingly real. Everyone goes through that awkward 'no longer a kid, not yet an adult' phase, and I guess that's why this book is so easy to relate to. It's one of those stories where, on the face of it, little happens, yet dig a little deeper and it's pretty much the whole of life, wrapped up in eighty odd pages.
Till we caught our breath from the womb of death
COURT CONVENES
Unfortunately, due to political reasons, I was not permitted to publish this finding (just used it as my master's thesis).
Dilip Kumar burgles his way into the performance of every Indian actor of substance whether the actor likes it or not.
Summer is fast approaching and I know that means I will probably see you less. If this year is anything like the last, that is what will happen. I wish it would mean I could see you more, and that maybe I could go to the lake with you on occasion, but you’re still wanting free time and I understand. I will fill my time doing my own thing, but missing you all the while.
Ahh...I miss my sister.
“The Basel game will always be remembered for the carelessness of our performance.”
Honestly, eBay is so last decade!
Good Evening Lovely Readers and a very warm welcome to new followers Helen and Lily...
I have to say I’m very impressed with this kit, which, although a little pricey (at £20 for 5), includes an insane number of options and extra bits. Unfortunately it only includes two psycannons, however converting the psy-silencer with a ammo clip and heavy bolter was very easy.
I cheated on the shrub with a dandelion.
But more recently, the tide has been running the other way, with the separate restaurants being stripped out and in effect colonising the rest of the pub with their place settings, pretentious, pricey food and table reservations. It is more true than ever before that many pubs have, to all intents and purposes, turned themselves into restaurants and left behind their original purpose in life. Very often, there’s no attempt to provide even a small area that feels welcoming to casual drinkers.
Personally, I’m not a fan of blues, Eric Clapton or any of that kind of stuff. However; what’s so great about Alabama Shakes is how they breathe a whole ton of fresh air into this somewhat tired genre, that makes it seem far less overbearing and niche. Yet it’s not sugary pop (don’t expect Gotye). If anything it feels more soul inspired and the whole thing conjures up a world of sepia. That can’t be a bad thing.
Well the title to this post could relate to two things .. .. either my share for the day .. .. or myself !!
Focus On Next Twelve Months, and Then Perhaps on the Twenty Four Months After That
BEGIN ANYWHERE.
It seems that when Bonnie and I get together any simple project like a Tat Across Time piece, or a lesson plan, or a book pattern........it gets complicated. The good thing is that we laugh and have a good time far more than we tat and stress out over it!
I can't imagine why either of the first two beers were served, better no beer at all than bad beer.
storm the castle, and execute the entire royal family except the princess. Rescued by the knight who slew her chayim, Jeniah is now heir to the throne of Arden and the only hope for freeing her people from tyranny.
a customer says she bought the iPad 3... After coming home from Walmart with her purchase, she says she was stunned to find "a stack of papers. I was very upset to see that it was not in there." She says the pads were added to provide weight but that there was no iPad in the box. She returned to Walmart and was turned down by a manager.
We spend a lot of time waiting and I'm guessing most of us think that waiting is a waste of time, but is it? Could it be that waiting is part of God's design for our lives to slow us down enough to see what's important around us. Last week, God himself knows that I really didn't have time to spend six hours in a waiting room while my "to do" list grew and grew...and yet, here I am and the world's still spinning! In that waiting time, I spent time talking with my brother, sister and sister-in-law - we dont get to do that much anymore. I spent time talking to a stranger whose son was in the hospital and was also waiting...turns out he's a Christian brother from Quincy. I spent time looking out a window and thinking about how blessed I am...worshipping God by staring. I spent time praying..thankful for my mom and asking for God to protect her. I waited and life slowed down and not much mattered except the waiting of it all and somehow that was what God wanted me to do.
Building a business
Of the many memes being parroted by writers, one of the most destructive is "Most self-pubbed ebooks don't sell."
Sidepod Version 2.1
Jacqueline Fernandez is a Sri Lankan actress and model who works in Bollywood films. She is a former beauty queen who won the Miss Sri Lanka Universe in 2006. She has received an International Indian Film Academy Award and Stardust Award for Best Female Debut in 2010,for her role in the Indian film Aladin.
hisMrs
Walking through busy Chinatown, it hit me how little we see of the city these days. We get in our cars, zoom along our many expressways, from one suburb to another, bypassing the traffic but also the colour and life of the older parts of town.
He knows more than you,
So I decided to scrap the challenge at "scrap the girls".
They didn’t tell the network.
This includes regular meetings during the year (POAs); exceptional meetings (launch); and face-to-face training events (including initial sales training).
Steve was the first to speak introducing himself as a candidate and putting forward the need for a socialist alternative to the main parties. He was followed by Nial Vivian, one of those who took part in last years Jarrow March for Jobs 2011 who highlighted the sky-high levels of youth unemployment and the disasterous solutions being put forward by the government to deal with this including slave-labour workfare schemes.
With whom do you want to be doing it?
929 *D-II/16/1986. Interview of George Anastaplo. Studs Terkel Program, WFMT-Radio, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1992(1), above, pp. 520-36.)
I keep reminding myself to just breath, but even thats not easy...I just hurt...its just all to much for this heart broken girl
why me? you begin to shout
I love these people.
I’m not a scientist. I struggled mightily with science in college. It seemed like so much algebra and expensive names and tiny germy things I didn’t understand. But when I first heard science explained in easy words, I became keen on it, as keen as Commander Keen was on eating digital chocolate bars. (If you are not from the 80’s, and that made no sense to you, do not feel bad. You are normal. If you are from the 80’s, I’m so sorry. I understand. Me too.)
Jonathan learns what he's missed out on in life, what other people think and the true nature of the universe which is nothing like he would have expected it to be. At the end, having learned far more than he ever wanted to know, he finds out that it's usually never too late to start again. Only sometimes it is: no Ebenezer Scrooge or George Bailey-esque turnaround for poor Jonathan.
The book in back of it is an oversized one,
The mission of the Colorado Water Conservation in 1937 is clear, as stated in the authorizing legislation House Bill 6 1937 Section 1: “for the purpose of aiding in the protection and development of the waters of the state for the benefit of the present and future inhabitants of the state, there is hereby created a Colorado Water Conservation Board with powers and duties herein set out. Said board is hereby declared to be an agency of the state and the functions it is to perform as here in set out are hereby declared to be governmental functions for the welfare and benefit of the state and its inhabitants.“
This dish is easy to make, although it involves a bit of time in the prep work. It takes advantage of some of winter’s seasonal root vegetables : yukon gold potatoes, yams, parsnips and carrots. These vegetables are nutrient-dense, and very generous sources of fiber, especially when the skin is consumed. Root vegetables have enjoyed a bit of an upgrade in status in recent years, having previously considered to be peasants’ food and set aside for their more desirable relatives in the vegetable kingdom, the green leafies. But along with the movement to eat more seasonally, as well as an emphasis on nutritional value, these previously overlooked vegetables are enjoying a resurgence in popularity in many kitchens.
In the coming weeks, we’ll take a look at all the different mobility devices out there and help you navigate through the myriad options. In the meantime, if you have any questions leave a comment here, on our Facebook page or e-mail us directly at mobility@yurekpharmacy.com.
The title sounds uninteresting when you first see the book. I picked it up just to see what it was about. The word “Dharma” made me think that this is something about hindu philosophy or religion. But as I found out that this book was actually about Mahabharata, my curiosity and interest in it increased. As I checked the contents table, the chapter names really caught my interest.
"Nothing mobilizes capital like war."
On my confirmation day, lo these many years ago, I fully expected something to happen. I’d gone to classes faithfully, I’d read, I’d thought, I’d prayed. I figured I deserved something. A dove descending. Some kind of bright light. A voice from Heaven. An inner holy knowing. Some kind of change, at least.
Again, I am not sure if you have noticed or not, but I am not the most coordinated person on the planet, or even the universe, for that matter. And the C2K plan involves interval jogging and walking, which necessitates a change in speed on the treadmill.
“The dangerous 530-mile long passage over the Himalayan Mountains took its toll. Official records from Search and Rescue were closed in 1945. Final records showed 509 crashed aircraft records had been “closed”. 81 lost aircraft records were still open. 328 of the “lost” flights were ATC planes. 1,314 crew members were know to be dead. 345 were still listed as missing. “In addition, China National Aviation Corporation (CNAC) lost 38 planes and 88 airmen. “
I've arrived at the decision to forget the novel for now. I have ideas - many - and they are all safely stored in notepads and on my memory stick. They will keep and will, I hope, mature like a fine wine or a rich fruit cake.
rainfall on skin, there, far; my mouth
The lunch had carried on far longer than any meal we normally eat and it was time to depart. Gustavo and Ruth left us at the first corner, as they only lived a block away. Likewise Roger and Mirta could walk to their hotel, although it was the other side of 5 de Julio, so they left us as we disappeared underground again. I must find out what moles are called in Spanish.
When you consume a diet rich in fruits, vegetables and whole grains, you’re less likely to overeat since you’re getting fiber, vitamins, minerals and other nutrients that leave you satisfied. When we consume processed food in mass quantities, they promote overeating and leave you with little benefit. So be mindful of not only what you eat…but how much of it you’re eating, since a 100 calorie pack is not 100 calories if you eat all 6 packs in the box!
When I asked the question last week 'what is it about Paris' I felt as if I could have written on and on... there are so many aspects... from the mainstream to the offbeat... from the large to the small... Paris brings out the dreamers in us all, sparks our imaginations and sends the romantics amongst us into a frenzy...
“We are a major financial and legal centre so there’s a lot of expertise, and there’s also a lot of assets that go through the British financial institution, so it’s easier to disguise your assets,” Plamer told CNN.
What are your routines like?
So I finally received it.... My long awaited Le Creuset Stoneware, shortly after Christmas I was given the opportunity from CSN Stores to review a product of my choice. This was such a hard decision as Christmas had just past but I have to say I have always loved Cooking and Le Creuset Stoneware is amazing. If you haven't ever cooked with Stoneware you have no idea what you are missing. The even baking style and the nonstick surface makes anything that you bake come out completely amazing. I had a $75 credit to use as I saw fit as much as I would have loved the complete kitchen set I decided on adding some new stoneware to my collection of Red cookware.
Bishop Alan Hopes, Auxiliary Bishop of Westminster said “The fact the Chapel House was founded as a house of prayer and healing, and is now home to an abortion provider is a tragic betrayal of the life and mission of Dorothy Kerin.”
Looks like they sort of tried to erase the apostrophe on “tea’s” but probably left it because they weren’t sure.
Place on the baking tray to rise for about an hour, or until doubled in size, under a clean tea towel or a cling film. Once risen glaze gently with a beaten egg with a pastry brush, sprinkle with flaked almond and sugar. Bake in 225 degrees Celsius for about 15 mins or until nice golden brown colour.
Professor Rashib: Learn to copy each letter and do it quickly.
Silver Lining
-12 cup mini-donut pan
Regardless of the decision, one thing is certain: The issue is far from over.
Ollie’s mother and Rory looked at each other, drew a blank, and looked back at the Doctor, who had begun gesticulating and crowing as though he had just won X Factor.
She loved it!
Those of us with celiac disease must become vigilant, reading every label like a true detective. Kitchens must be scoured for sticky gluten residue lingering on cutting boards and non-stick cookware. Toasters full of crumbs and old wooden spoons can become a source of gluten contamination. Sharing butter with greasy crumbs from your teenager’s toasted bagel is suddenly scary (there are two jars of Vegenaise in our refrigerator now- one has Mom’s GF written in marker across the lid). When my sons still lived with us, and we sported a mixed kitchen, they had their own designated gluten cupboard for their favorite breakfast cereals, snacks and sandwich bread. The rest of the pantry was labeled The Gluten-Free Zone.
Exactly what needed to be said.
Andee Bell has found exactly what she wanted: fame, fortune, and respect. There’s also a special man in her life—Jenna’s brother. Despite her success, a secret quells Andee’s contentment. As memories torment, will she find peace in a relationship with God, or will she sabotage herself while also taking down the only person she cares about? As Andee finds her life, will she lose it?
The different legal views coming from the New World and the Old (the European Union, among other countries) do not help to tone down this apparent conflict. The trade mark approach, based on the “prior rights” principle is sometimes in conflict with the approach based on the protection of geographical indications (as in Europe), which is founded to some extent on the legitimacy of territorial rights, as a sort of preferential or privileged right to a certain geographical designation that confers on geographical indications a protection that is asymmetric and stronger than that conferred on trade marks.
11. A Pocketful of Stones
Hey Negrita is a great little band out of the UK that has THREE SXSW showcases. I'm not sure I've ever seen that. They're a great little band that is good to check out if you like your country a little rollicking with some great song writing.
A child who can’t follow rules is a child who’s always in trouble. This book starts with simple reasons why we have rules: to help us stay safe, learn, be fair, and get along. Then it presents just four basic rules: “Listen,” “Best Work,” “Hands and Body to Myself,” and “Please and Thank You.” The focus throughout is on the positive sense of pride that comes with learning to follow rules. Includes questions and activities adults can use to reinforce the ideas and skills being taught.
This 'How To Get Happy' project seems to be working so far. I'm finding the stresses of work easier to handle and I'm a much nicer person at home. And it's got my creative juices going regarding projects as well. Mission well underway!
The foreigners in the strongholds that Bacchides had built took flight; all of them left their places and returned to their own lands.
Still going to write. Now that I don’t have him in my ear clouding my thoughts, I think I’ll be able to express myself more on this journey. And still going to TRY to walk down memory lane, but a lot of it I feel are now lies and I don’t really know if I want to re-tell it. Our story that I thought was just one with a very sad ending is actually a sack of lies…all of it… and I don’t know if I’m capable of revisiting that right now. Then again, if the point of this whole project is to learn from it and to help others not make the same mistakes or recognize their own situations, then I guess I do have to do it. Just not now. So bear with me while I come to grips with it all.
Eating Animals
He finds that her adolescence in ballet school, with all its ebullience, is easy enough to write. Stenner decides to skip the period of stardom as a ballerina in her twenties, and to swing all his energy in the Yvonne's rough years of transition from being a very physical ballerina to being a remarkably cerebral and creative choreographer. Yvonne was very successful in this passage, a rare feat, and Stenner's ultimate ambition is to capture the wonder of this journey of self-discovery, of her inspiration, of her mental process, all on the background of her complicated liaisons.
A Box -
- Conclusion;
“Come on up, sugar,” the bus driver wheezed from way too many packets of cigarettes.
Don’t forget to take something.
I am not sure what the right course of action is. Do I ignore it hoping that she tires herself out, do I play her game and give it back to her over and over again, or do I let her know that this is not okay?
Taib’s daughter-in-law is seeking RM300 million for the assets the couple accumulated in their 19-year marriage and a further RM100 million in compensation. She has cited irreconcilable differences and her husband’s failure to have sex with her since 2001 as reasons for the divorce.
And then it hit me: I cannot handle being the girl who wussed out of skydiving for the rest of this family vacation. Scratch that: for the rest of my life. As I was rinsing the conditioner out of my hair (remember, I was in the shower), I imagined my future if I didn’t go skydiving.
Anyway, a couple of weeks ago a group of us went to The Abyssinian for my friend's birthday. I have never eaten Ethiopian food before, but have been keen to go here for ages so was pretty happy when told we were going there.
So today I was researching for my next trip (Europe for 3 weeks! France, Spain, Germany and Switzerland this time ’round) and I thought I’d post some of my favourite foodie pictures from last trip.
1/2 cup napa cabbage
Yes, there are beggars in Sweden. And a lot of addicts, drunks, and other belligerents. What, did you think "social democracy" would make people into better people??
Reykjavik, Iceland. I know, you're asking, "Why in the world would you want to go to Reykjavik, Iceland, Kay?" I'm not sure exactly, but I can trace my desire to see Iceland back to October of 1986. That's the date of the Reagan/Gorbachev summit that eventually led to the end of the Cold War.
As usual I have painted with my Distress reinkers.
After establishing your breath, begin to exaggerate the movement of the belly and pelvic floor. On your inhale, relax everything and let the belly rise. On your exhale, pull your belly toward your spine without moving your actual spine - keep your pelvis neutral. Now you are engaging the transverse abdominus and Uddiyana Bandha. Inhale and soften again. Take a few rounds of this breath. Inhaling and relaxing, exhaling and engaging.
So there you have it. My take on 2012. Do you like to make resolutions? What are some of yours this year? I hope you all had a great New Year's Eve and celebrated exactly how you wanted to!
(nominally the Magna Carta 2.0 but probably the UNHCR Beta . . . ) Tuesday, 07 February 2012 Super Admin NO HOLDS BARRED Raja Petra Kamarudin
Last minute shopping
When I chomp on queries here, I can't point out every single mistake on the first bite or it would be overwhelming for both the writer and the Shark.
Established by former President Theodore Roosevelt in 1908, the Chase Lake National Wildlife Refuge is located in Woodworth, North Dakota. With 4,385 acres of grass-covered prairies and extensive preservation efforts in past decades, the pharmacist jobs north dakota be awarded prizes for the pharmacist jobs north dakota a decent living, so many others.
56) The Spouse Sparrow had a dog that had my mom's name, and I had a dog with his mom's name.
I give you this
If you want to keep up with our progress and want movie-star good looks, then join the beautiful people by clicking the 'follow' button above. Already have movie-star good looks? Well, then I'll look better by association so win-win.
To be destructive
Josh: Eewww!
For Tristan Hart, everything changes with one crashing wave.
My question to all of my readers are, are you for this amendment or against it and why? I don't normally get into political battles in my blog but I feel strong about this one and thought I would share my opinion.
1. A method of swinging on a swing, the method comprising the steps of:
This is obviously a lie in the case of garlic and many other natural plant drugs. Any doctor that claims that natural substances have no effect on human physiology need look no further than garlic, opium, aspirin (derived from spiraea ulmaria), caffeine, codeine (Papaver somniferous), quinine (Cinchona ledgeriana), THC etc. In fact a very quick Google search points to over 300 important drugs from natural sources.
I enter this realm again with the intention of love.
+You will be published each month in our online magazine
So a wooden dowel, painted black, was placed into an old umbrella stand, also painted black.
need to be prepared for everything. Even if your child
I am very conscious of what I eat now that I am older, and I accredit that largely to my mom. She made me realize that there's a pretty direct (seemingly obvious) correlation between what you eat and how you feel. With fruit, she got me hooked with some of the most irresistible berries nature has to offer—raspberries. Not only did I enjoy their sweet and sometimes subtle tartness, I enjoyed eating them the way Amelie did. My boyfriend and I love putting them on our cereal, eating them by the handful, and lately, on top of tarts and in pies.
Christopher Nolan's "Inception" is currently the internet film community's Rage du Jour. Continuing a battle over the merits of Nolan as a filmmaker that began two years ago with "The Dark Knight", this was also one of the few films being released in yet another barren summer movie season that was worth seeing and talking about. Anyone who knows me is probably aware now that I consider The Battle Over Nolan a low point in film discourse on the web, where both sides of the "debate" have descended into hyperbolic nonsense as if there was a victory to be won on the matter. His films are often wildly misrepresented to simply fulfill a narrative each side wants to create about his abilities as well as those who disagree with their opinions. Either Nolan is the filmmaking genius who is the heir apparent to Stanley Kubrick or he is a complete hack responsible for the downfall of motion pictures.
1 Tbs sugar (I used splenda)
I highly recommend this terrific book to those suspense/thriller lovers out there looking for awesome books to read. And as in all of Randy’s books, you will see Jesus and salvation through Him throughout the book.
At the age of 17, although having been too young to serve in World War II, he became the youngest member of the 43 Group, a Jewish veterans’ underground organisation. It broke up what it considered Fascist meetings in East London. The Telegraph refers to him as an “anti-fascist warrior-hairdresser” whose aim was to prevent Sir Oswald Mosley’s movement from spreading “messages of hatred” in the period following the Second World War.
Ad infinitum. She would do this for hours if we let her.
Ca-tur (Water)
WHY I don't make a good Mormon despite my strong convictions in my
Metabolism is basically how you process what goes in to your body. A ‘fast metabolism’ is very good at using and reallocating the good things in the food that you eat. A ‘slow metabolism’ is less efficient and often a lot of possibly good stuff goes to waste because it is not used.
I finished off this look with the Rimmel Marshmallow Lips in Coral Orange. Love this colour!!Now on to the day-outing..we met up with my sister's friend who happened to be in HK at the same time. He suggested have tea at the Peninsula Hotel, which was just the perfect idea because I have been dying to have afternoon tea for a while now!! The queue was as expected, long! It took us about 85 minutes to be seated. Both me and sister went for the afternoon tea set and the friend went for a scone set.
I Wait.
'the rumpoles & the barleys' by karen hunt
The tension and stakes increase as the hero nears the ‘inmost cave’ where he will battle the ‘monster’ for the prize. Think of Theseus, who travels from Corinth to Athens, vanquishing baddies, beasts and tricksters along the way. This is not the big battle but it prepares our hero for the big battle.
Second, because a few years passed between the event and the making of United 93, the filmmakers were able to reference the 9/11 Commission Report as well as other reporting on the event to recreate the details as fully as possible. This film also incorporates news footage from that day.
Look- I believe in eternal heaven and hell as much as the next Buddhist, which is to say not at all, so the only horse I have in the race is of the Stop Making My Family's Happy Celebration Your Personal Time to Sermonize and Admonish variety. Dude.
Cheddar
“Yes, but mind the dates: she died a full two years before he did: April 1918. There’s something of a salacious story that came down to me regarding that.”
“And I love you too!” He said, “But, this is wrong…between us…you know…?”
When they entered the studio to introduced themselves, I whispered to Jessica, “I know that guy with the headband. I saw him in the hotel lobby this morning.” As his partner walked by on his way to the podium, he looked up into our booth and gave both Jessica and I a thumbs down. The audience went, “Oooooooooo”. Jessica said, “That wasn’t very nice”. I just rolled my eyes and stuck my tongue out at the the guy. The audience laughed.
Even wrestler Terry Funk - who was one of the absolute highlights of Paradise Alley as far as I'm concerned - is about as muted as Loggia, if not moreso. In Alley, playing the dumb brutish pug Frankie The Thumper with a heavy verbal dosage of Damon Runyon's colorful thugs, every one of Funk's scenes was a highlight and well worth watching for the delight Funk seemed to take in playing such a great part. Here, as bodyguard Ruker, all he does is wear a suit and get punched by Sly in a scene. Nothing else. Maybe there was a sense of being upstaged feared by someone? Gotta wonder....
Her little brother, on the other hand, is rapidly growing up to have - how can I put it? A problem with authority.
Rory was just in to purchase a can of beer to stuff his chicken with... Nothing illegal - he assures me the chicken is dead. We both tasted it and both liked it. (Back me up Rory!!!)
After all, I have so much to share now that my life is pretty much non-stop design-making, traveling and filled with exciting nights out.
This Halloween, don’t dress up as someone (or something) else—be yourself! In fact, why not have a few of your friends dress up as you too? Japanese company REAL-f managed to design the most super realistic 3D face replica that you have ever seen.
Death, sickness, stupidity, bad decisions, the movie Brazil, the book 1984.
His fingers are still caressing the insides of my thighs, above my knees and slowly but steadily heading higher. God, is this total stranger going to start stroking my pussy right here in the middle of the subway? The idea is incredibly arousing but I'm not sure I can do it. I might have to stop this, stop you. It occurs to me that my knees are shaking, from excitement or nervousness, I'm not sure which. Your mouth is on my earlobe now, sucking insistently, and you're flicking my nipple repeatedly, setting up a rhythm that under normal circumstances would propel me straight back toward coming. But I'm jittery. Like an unswaddled newborn afraid of flying apart, I need to be contained, calmed. I realize I've grabbed your wrist, as if I might stop you. You sense my hesitation and murmur in my ear, "Hands behind your head."
Want more reasons
I came back with lessons learned. I came back with my priorities in order. I came back with a renewed spirit and a connectedness to my "old self."
Embellishments - Adhesive stones,ribbon from Hobbycraft
Wooden coffee tables, specifically the convertible coffee tables, are loved by children as a place to play their games or do their homework. Their ability to have their height adjusted makes them perfect for children of all ages. Your children will enjoy their wood coffee tables so much; they'll want to keep them in their bedrooms. Because the price of wood coffee tables is so affordable, you can get a couple so you don't have to move them from room to room.
I had a pint of Crouch Vale Yakima, a bit underwhelming, and scrutinised the fridges, which were packed with a good range of Kernel bottles, and some Oakham and Brodie's offerings. I'm intrigued with the way Brodie's bottled beers turn out. I've had a few now, and they've all been excellent in a way that makes their draught counterparts seem like different beers. The London Porter is good on cask but sensational in the bottle, for instance. The Fountain had Seven Hop IPA - the colour seemed much darker than on draught, and some of the huge hopping had given way, leaving a big balanced beer with a lovely mouthfeel and nice drying finish. I wrestled with stopping for more, or making one last pitstop.
I love browns with this look.
The Abstainer’s Handbook (second edition), p.54
Reluctant as I am to rush to judgement as to how the facts will eventually pan out in respect of the recent terrorist killings in France, if the current suspect Mohammed Merah, a 23 year old of Algerian origin, with a lengthy criminal record and numerous Pakistan stamps in his passport, (referred to here in typical BBC speak as a "Frenchman") does turn out to be the killer, we will have seen yet another example of the, now entirely corrupt, Western media rushing to their own judgments and composing a narrative based on their own wishes, rather than upon any rational analysis of the facts.
8. Aham Brahmasmi, Ayam Atma Brahma, all these beautiful exhortations are not manmade. Man may participate into that existing value and be honored with that.
"Not only did the racially charged statement offend Plaintiff (Jackson-Burch), the manner in which it was stated reveals a level of comfort and bigotry that is usually reserved for private embrace," the lawsuit states.
Perfect for those quick errands this is a 4 pocket card wallet that will hold your license, your atm card, a credit card, and a little bit of cash! Awesome if you don't want to carry a big bulky purse or you live in an area with a high mugging rate (this is directed at my sister). Not to mention its got that cute little bird on the branch on it and the stitching makes it adorable! I want it!
May 30 Wednesday 10:30am-3:30pm
My parents told me this when I was very young because I asked a lot of questions about why angry or jealous people act in a certain way or lose control. Their answer changed my life. Ever since, I developed a sense of self perspective of my emotions and my behavior around people. I’ve always made a point that if I’m angry instead of lashing out at someone, I shall use that energy to clean. To clean my table, my storage of my computer, the kitchen, vacuum the floor, fold clothes etc. etc.
It was never my intention to write a personal blog, and I can’t continue to do it. One of my writing teachers in her advice to our non-fiction class wrote “If you’re not standing on the edge, you’re taking up too much room.”
This lock lift you up onto the one and a half mile tidal section of the Ouse where the New Bedford River joins this section, connecting it to below Denver Sluice.
See I don’t believe in coincidence. I don’t believe in happenstance. I believe God made good people, people who care, people who see a starving girl and give her what they can. These are the people who will be seated at the right and left hand of God because they don’t care. They do not do the work that they do for the acolades but simply because they can and know that it is right.
long-hair, small waist, bare feet.
Women in this male-dominated world are all secretaries, whom the males are reminded, should are not be treated like toys—but nonetheless are. In today's world, it is clear that the efficient and trustworthy Miss Jones, the smart Smitty, and the quick-plotting Rosemary would be at the head of the World Wide Wicket Company instead of out bowling or wickedly spinning webs to find husbands. But in 1961...well, those gender lines were at the musical's satirical heart. Today the plot appears somewhat as a stale joke with little resonance.
Comes a low, clear, trickling sound;
But I have made a mental note that next fancy dress day she can go as a princess
Hello Everyone!! Today I'm talking about my FAV technique - FEATHERING!!! It is often said that this is the hardest technique, but I love it and when you practice a few simple things, you will love it too!!! :) This technique is primarily used when you want to colour something from two DIFFERENT colour families, such as dresses, fairy wings and flowers (think pansies or irises that change from purple to yellow). The biggest thing to keep in mind is that, when using this technique that you use colours that end in the number 0, 1 or 2! Why? Because they are very pale and will blend from one to the other. Darker colours are difficult to achieve this look, although with some practice you could also use colours that end in a 3.
Mkhabez (Pecan Cookies)
‘lets frack leitrim’ ‘Trickster ill fame.’
They never hurt a hair of Him, they only let Him die;
5 – Cabin in the Woods – £561.905 – £4.632.981
Life is still good here on the Livingston front. Max is officially three which is still crazy to think about. His labs are still good and he continues to do very well both developmentally and in growth. He has gained a little bit of an attitude since his third birthday which means that his new favorite word is "NO!" Mommy and daddy are NOT very excited about it. He spends a little more time in time out these days as well. He is testing his boundaries more and more each day and mommy seems to be loosing her patience with it a little more than daddy is, but that's a three year old for you.
3 Heathen Earth 6:04
3- *all-star tag-team challenge champions*
*C/stock - Stampin' Up! Bashful blue
Plants…not flowers
To make the glaze, mix together the cream cheese and orange juice concentrate. Whisk in the sugar. Drizzle over cooled cake.
I went off to the store and bought Sense and Sensibility (1995). I fell in love with the whole cast of the movie. Emma Thompson played Elinor Dashwood. She was a perfect Elinor because of the way she looks mature and wise which was the type of woman that Elinor was. Kate Winslet played Marianne Dashwood. Winslet was a young and passionate actress which fit so perfectly with Marianne. Colonel Brandon was played by Alan Rickman. Does the name seem familiar? Colonel Brandon was played by Snape! It was a little hard to get used to that because I always saw Rickman as Snape and to see him play a handsome bachelor blew my mind away. He did a good job because I felt like I was watching a different person. And Hugh Grant. yes…..Hugh Grant played Edward Ferrars. I always thought that Grant played the “player” kind character, but Edward Ferrars required someone who can act shy and loyal. Hugh Grant did just that. It was hilarious for me to see Hugh Grant show off a shy character.
It's OK that I'm probably not going to live up to that last thing I just said.
And she says when can I see it?
Looking for more creative uses?
There is a common element that has driven much of the progress in each division—our members. ABC Canada could not have expanded and evolved as much as it has without you, and we thank you for your continued support. We are proud to report that from 2009 to 2011, Canadian membership has grown 11 percent. We remain committed to working with members, defining their needs and providing solutions.
SATURDAY April 21ST,
Our global reach: Springboarding from our orphan nutrition work in Kazakhstan, and as part of our “A Child’s Best Start” partnership with Joint Council, SPOON staff members recently returned from their first trip to learn about child welfare institutions in China. Through initial observations and meetings, our team began to develop meaningful relationships and opportunities that will lead to improved nutrition for so many orphaned children in China.
Louvre Museum – Arguably the world’s most famous art museum, the Louvre’s most popular piece is Leonardo da Vinci’s “Mona Lisa.” It was established in 1793, and is one of the oldest museums in Europe. Its collections spans from the birth of great civilizations up to the 19th century. A whopping 5.7 million tourists visited the museum in 2002.
If you received one, sorry about that!
standing on the far left side of the beach in front of the store.
We had such a fun time celebrating our little girl! I was so sad that night thinking that she is one and how quickly it has gone. I just hope the next 17 years CRAWL by! :)
The New BS-8599-1 Compliant First Aid Kit meets customer demand, and more.
has no memory of.
Lastly...if all of this is sounding a bit strange to you,
It digs deep enough to turn the soil over, chop up roots
There were other surprises too, not directly related to such clockwork contrivances. In a standout performance, Wayne Robson, who plays the recurring character of Mike Hamar on Red Green, here plays another convict, Wayne “The Wren” Rennes, known for his many successful prison breaks. Here he exudes not that familiar endearing incompetence but a kind of weary professionalism, oddly reminiscent of Richard Farnsworth in Grey Fox. (Though Farnsworth is probably better known to the world as Matthew Cuthbert from Anne of Green Gables.)
Like I said, this is about a low level minor deal. But a kid Glen Sather went and traded yesterday was 19 years old, 6-foot 2", and 200 pounds; no Goliath by any stretch. But Ethan Werek, who played last season in Kingston of the Ontario Hockey League and scored 24 goals to go along with 28 assists for 52 points in 47 games was traded to Phoenix for another center; Oscar Lindberg, who is also 19 years old. However, this kid is only six-feet and 197 pounds. He only scored 5 goals with 9 assists for 14 points in 41 games last year in the Swedish Elite League. Werek was selected 47th overall in the 2009 draft. Lindberg was selected 57th overall in the 2010 draft.
- But I have to say as much as I don’t like our Olivia, the other Olivia is worse, because she is such a troublemaker.
Thank you for living through my shame,
“Serial ports are the cousins of parallel ports and would often be used for mice as well,” I told him. “Then came the invention of the PS/2 ports for mice and keyboards.”
I did read Jack London’s book while at school, but must admit my memory of it is pretty hazy after all these years. However, I know it is mainly focused on the animal story, told from the viewpoint of an unusual dog, Buck, who is taken to the Klondike gold fields but eventually leaves his owners to become the leader of a wolf pack. Wellman’s film adaptation does feature a dog – a beautiful and talented St Bernard – but the animal story is very much in second place to that of the human characters, with a romance between Clark Gable and Loretta Young dominating the drama. This means some Jack London fans are rather dismayed by this version, but, if you don’t worry about the book, I think the film stands up well on its own.
In each Friday Farm Fix post, I share a random sampling of what's been happening around the farm during the past week, and a lot of kitchen garden photos have been showing up alongside the cute baby animals, colorful scenery, and ever present farm dogs. I often been including a photo taken inside the greenhouse too. Right now it's a Swiss chard jungle in there.
Supported protocols: IMAP, POP, SMTP
Tues. Feb. 7th - House of Rock - Corpus Christi, TX - w/Bun B
If you have never been you must go and have a look!!
4. How would I store foods that need to be fresh likes eggs without power?
They seem to have an intuitive understanding of what's going to work and what's not going to work. They are not deluded by marketing cliches or expert opinions. They draw their conclusions from a kind of personal understanding rather than conventional wisdom. I've spent a lot of hours trying to pinpoint exactly what it is that makes them exceptional.
Wheeee!!!!
I met 'Loo Lady' at Shakespeare's Globe, during a break in the West Bank-based Ashtar Theatre's performance of Richard II, performed entirely in Palestinian Arabic.
Dear bloggers, tomorrow i will go in a beautiful place called Sunny Beach @Hotel Victoria Palace. (Bulgaria)
6. Place fabric over the white cup.
We haven't worked out all of the kinks yet. In fact, we haven't even discussed any of the kinks. We are barely past the "yeah, it might come to that" level.
–Living To Tell The Tale, p. 3, García Márquez’ autobiography, tr. by Edith Grossman.
By having the ability to graze this land, farmers and ranchers are able to more than double the land area for producing food.
It's covered in pimples.
Basic Grey "Pryus" - Bradford Paper
I finally got a full night's sleep. And I slept GREAT! That is the first night since my wife was in her wreck that I have gotten a WHOLE night's sleep. I feel sooo much better today!
Snake expert Long Shuai said: "It is truly shocking but we won't know the cause until we've conducted an autopsy."
Lots of them.
Day 172: Strawhouse
When asked by City Press whether the ANC’s support for Zanu-PF does not complicate that process, Mantashe insisted the two processes are separate.
@fountain_penmj: Glenn reveals his Kenyan birth certificate
(Laughter.)With regard to the jury instructions and standards of proof, Waxman had this interesting point:
It takes me a while to switch gears from one to the other at the end of a chapter. And, because it's taking about a month for each chapter (admittedly, these are long chapters), I tend to forget the hows and whys of one story line while working on the other.
Its pretty bad when my daughter and husband search the entire town for a new bath robe for me. They thought it was bad that there were countless holes in it and many bleached stains...
we norwegian call the "solveggen" - (the sun wall).
Apply daily, repeat as needed, watch things go to a whole new level.
Pours a hazy yellow with a white head that thins to a sheet fairly quickly. Has that deep yeasty smell that wits have. I'm hopeful though, because it doesn't have the plastic or chemical smell that many have. I've like the only other Wolaver's beer I've had so far, which was a very good stout, so maybe this will be better than most wits as well.
In France, before 2002, any money used to bribe foreign officials was tax deductible. When the former finance director of DCN made a claim for 31 million euro (RM124 million) allegedly used to bribe the Malaysians for the purchase of the Scorpenes, Breham said, the budget minister questioned such a large bribe, although he did eventually authorise the tax break.
-Sleepless nights, and napless days are exhausting
One guy who came out to sing and dance had some mic issues, so he actually told us to "watch him shake his bottom" as some sort of interim filler while he got the mic sorted. Whatthefuck?
I looked back at the girl wondering where I had seen her before.
A Game of Thrones
She would follow
I took apart this bed, The Dude drilled 4 new holes at desk height using a template I made, The Oldest and I cleaned under the bed, vacuumed and rearranged. I then put the bunks back together, and ran to buy the desk top. The Dude cut the wood to fit. It doesn't exactly, but at $36 a sheet, it's workable. The Oldest also did not want the side rails, so those were left off. He completely reorganized his room with the added storage, set up his fan and alarm clock, and set up his train set on a part of the table:
But unfortunately, there’s something implanted in my brain that stops me from such spontaneity and downright irresponsibility, stops me from picking up the crack whore on the corner, stops me from ingesting meth, stops me at beer 6, stops me from cheating on my wife, stops me from slapping the fuck out of people when they really deserve it, stops me from trying to fly from every bridge I cross and keeps me only smoking pot occasionally.
As far as the “fire the coach after the first loss” guy, everybody loses. No team is immune from losing. Every team, no matter how deep the tradition, has had bad streaks and mediocre seasons. Putting the coach on the hot seat from minute one is not going to make them prepare their team better. Would you do better at your job if your boss was hanging over you, constantly reminding you that you’re fired if you don’t perform perfectly, 100% of the time?
Mantel writes beautifully, for the most part. Her dialogue is natural, and she has a fine eye for description ("gentlemen . . . wearing their fallen-fruit silks of mulberry, gold and plum"). My one quibble is that she generally uses "he" in place of "Cromwell", so that it is often difficult to know to whom she is referring, particularly when she is narrating conversations among multiple speakers. However, once one gets used to this quirk, all is well.
For those still reading, I apologize. I needed to vent badly. and I don’t expect anyone to do anything or to even think anything about it. Writing is my therapy. Thank you for indulging me.
UniSource Energy Corporation, Alternative Energy, Deals By Year, 2006 to YTD 2012 4
Cause after rain theres always some sunshine! Right?
Servings: 8
GARROSH: Is she always like this?
4 Ba-benzélé 6:15
summer is approaching .. but you must take advantage of it before it actually starts especially here(dubai) I tell you, when you say summer, “to the max” it is. so we did. we went to fujairah with churchmates after attending church. it is a 2.5hrs drive. we reached the place at around minutes before 5pm and you wouldn’t imagine how the sun is still very bright that day/time. literal na sunny!
So, two hot-button topics that are sure to get a rise out of a wookie-suiter like me are torture and internal passport checks... er, I mean, "enhanced interrogation techniques" and "intermodal antiterrorist checkpoints". As Joel sums it up:
Lord, forgive me for thinking I am unworthy of a miracle. Thank You that You work
In January, I received an email from my principal announcing an opportunity to pursue a grant for summer travel and study aimed at invigorating, reshaping, or enhancing my teaching practice. I love to teach, and I love to travel, so I was immediately excited. After reviewing the materials provided by the granting agency, Fund for Teachers, I started thinking about what kind of trip might have the greatest impact for me and for my students.
I’ma be the hottest in this spot
Remove and set aside
Are cops passing the buck by arresting Carillo, covering for their own willingness to gun down black suspects, or is Carillo culpable? Prosecutors now have to convince a jury that if Carillo told the truth, McDade would still be alive.
Why? Fruit, vegetables, whole grains, and other organic items (meaning items that are not artificial, not in the “THIS IS ORGANIC” marketing way) have a lot of fiber – you’ve probably heard that word a million times in your life.
None of this had the remotest bearing on the imminent death of his master, whose fate was now faithfully fulfilling what he had so often predicted in his verses, for truly he was now being left as a bleached corpse in a vast and desolate moor of humanity. His own disciples were not lamenting the death of their master but rather their own loss at his passing. They were not bewailing the piteous demise of their guide in the wilderness but rather their own abandonment here in the twilight.
Hey, Senator Clinton, pass me the whiskey. I am so happy to know that they do not serve kool-aid under this bus.
Petronet LNG Ltd
This morning, we talked about finding 3 ways to be kind at school today- beyond the basics of what she already does and already enjoys.
It’s that time of the year again, my two girls are turning 4 and 2.
green apples for the horses and pink roses for racing!!!!
Vanilla: The addition of vanilla produces a smoother, creamier lemon flavor and it seems you can taste the milk more. If you like a tangy tart, lemony flavor forgo the vanilla.
When I came to live with Mom and Dad, we lived in the Cloud
Woman suffrage headquarters in Upper Euclid Avenue, Cleveland--A. (at extreme right) is Miss Belle Sherwin, President, National League of Women Voters; B. is Judge Florence E. Allen (holding the flag); C. is
As I've written once or twice before these past couple of weeks, the outpouring of support for my family after the fire nearly three weeks ago has been more wonderful and amazing than words can express. And that's why, as I was cleaning out my room today, I decided to pay it forward and spread the YA love around to my followers, too. The thing is, I've got more books and ARCs than I know what to do with, and not enough space to store them all--so I'm cleaning house. There's twelve books and twelve winners on the table here, so listen up.
I was expecting a big bold flavor to accompany the big bold color. And, well, it turns out the flavor of a dragon fruit is neither big nor bold. It’s good, but it’s very mild. It has a watery crunch, like a watermelon, with a kiwi-ish taste. It’s very juicy, and I didn’t notice the seeds at all. I would totally eat it again. I’d love to add it to a fruit salad.
4. Fuji apples, .50/lb. at Sun Harvest (through 11/17/10)
the church clock chimes 10
That was when it really started snowing. I switched my wipers on and stepped down a little harder on the gas.
This is in my eyes a very wise concept, and very early I decided for myself that it should be some guideline for my own life and that every now and then I will measure which stage I am on, and what is missing to proceed.
Layer 3: Cookie again, with a hole (or two!) to see the jam. And, as the French say cerise sur le gâteau, a paper-thin layer of royal icing.
I am so thankful for a boss who gets it. I think I can credit being able to work from home to the cerclage holding up so well (at least that's how I feel).
To which the Taliban genuinely replied:
The employee wi-fi connection is very weak when I am in the RV. It probably will work better when I am in the employee lounge area. My Sprint Mobile Hotspot is in roaming mode here. Sprint is usually unlimited, but not in "roaming", so I have to be careful when uploading pictures and stuff.
I hope you have a super DUPER Sunday!