I bought my first HP12C in about 1984 or so, and it served me faithfully until 2002 when I lost it while travelling.  I searched for another one to replace it, but found one difficult to come by in my area.  So, I decided to buy up and purchased an HP 49G.  What a mistake!  I know that many people view the HP 49G (now 49G+) as the flagship of the HP line, but for me that was a disaster.The 49G may be powerful, but using it is extremely counterintuitive...and the manual was sketchy at best.  The 12C, on the other hand, does what I need in a way that makes good sense to me.If you are looking for a solid, reliable calculator, the HP12C may be for you.  It's programmable.  It does basic statistics well, and many business applications too.  The manual makes sense; you will be up and running in short order.I'm ready to set my 49G aside and move back to my old friend.  I didn't even have to replace the batteries in well over a decade of use!HP 12C, I'm coming home!WHY THIS BELATED REVIEW? I feel very obliged to share my views about this old workhorse, the HP12C GOLD at its 25th anniversary and my 1Oth year as a satisfied ower user and fan. Especially after sharing my frank views on Amazon about two of its three successors on Amazon.com, burying the HP12c Platinum (2004 1st release, HP12cP) and praising the HP12c Platiunum Anniversary Edition (2006 3rd release, HP12cPAE or HP12cPA).To the majority of HP 12c calculator owners and fans, including the non-techkie nerd like myself, the name Hewlett-Packard To the majority of HP 12c calculator owners and fans. The brandname of Hewlett-Packard is synonymous with the highest quality and best range offered in handheld electronic business financial calculators before the first generation of personal computers hits the desktops of business users.To date (December 2007), the bearer of this "gold" standard is none other than the HP12C HP's "golden boy" in its calculator business segment.The HP12C now a matured product, is the only continuing HP handheld surviving calculator product since '81 and probably the longest selling electronic calculator ever. According to HP almost 15 million HP 12Cs, cPs was sold since ,it is probably the best selling HP (and RPN) calculator ever.As a proven product, the HP12C "gold" works from day 1, with its form factor and sofware remaining unchanged and has not been dethroned by rivals and even its HP successors which had come and go.Even with PC software versions being sold, the 12C remains the truly indispensable "portable" finance-business heldheld computer for its owners, professionals and students alike. This handy companion powers up immediately and is faster than any portable personal computers to jump right into the action.The HP12C is a serious product and the ultimate time tested solution, field tested proven by its users and survived all its rival products, the workhorse moves on.Anyone in charge of this HP line should always bear in mind that the continued production run of the HP 12c is a testimony of HP's quality and standard expected by its customers.Don't just listen to a HP12C fan here, I own and am using three out of 4 models of the HP 12C series, and it is amusing and somewhat disappointing to observe that it had taken HP at least four years and two major upgrades of the HP 12c Platinium, in its futile attempt to "fix & retire" the HP12C with three successors in the form of HP12cPlatinum since 2004.It would seems especially frustrating on the part of HP, to realize after all the effort spent on remaking the HP12cPlatinum models that it would not outdone its siblings the HP10bII and HP17bII+ series to seriously challenge the HP12C Gold.  However, by their own rights the HP10Bs and HP17Bs, and the HP12cPlatinum may find their rightful place in the HP financial calculator line, differentiating the HP12C GOLD in terms of price and functions.IMHO, this had happened because the following golden rules were infringed by HP...GOLDEN RULE I - A PRODUCT WHICH STILL SELLS ITSELF IS NEVER OBSOLETE.GOLDEN RULE II - IF IT AREN'T BROKEN, DON't FIX IT ! "The gold rule of thumb should always be guarded as gospel by the HP heldheld calculator product team. Based on the same reasoning, the HP12C's built quality and product standard is paramount to its users.GOLDEN RULE III - ALWAYS LISTEN TO YOUR CUSTOMERS! If in doubt, see rules I & II.GOLDEN RULE IV - ONLY OUTSOURCE THE MANUFACTURING OF YOUR PRODUCT TO SOMEONE WHO COULD BETTER YOUR OWN PRODUCT QUALITY. If in doubt ask IBM about Lenovo.GOLDEN RULE V - THE BENCHMARKING INDUSTRY STANDARD FOR THIS PRODUCT LINE IS THE HP12C. Just in case, if HP does not know or is not listening to its customers.GOLDEN RULE VI - DO NOT DISCONTINUE THE ICONIC HP12C GOLD. HP needs no reminder that the customer is always right. Please let your customer, the ultimate market force decide if the HP12C should ever be retired.As an ardent fan of HP12C and line of financial business & scientific calculators, I am of the view that the day when HP discontinue the HP12C would be the day it exit this business segment. I speculate this would happen when the HP brandname disappears from the 12C just like after IBM name had disappeared from ThinkPads and ThinkCentres.Since the price of GOLD is on the rise, it is indeed puzzling to fans of the HP12C, why HP did not release a genuine HP12C gold 25th anniversary model for the fans to mark the occasion, if replacing the discontinuing the HP12C GOLD is the intention READ ALL GOLDEN RULES above.To be fair, the silver HP12c Platinum Anniversary is very nice and has spotted the "retro" silver look of the HP 11C, however, it is still not the GOLD standard. With HP missing this golden opportunity to mark the occasion, I would love to see and own a HP 12C engraved with 50th Anniversary logo, reckon that this would be the ultimate testimony for the HP12C and a milestone for its fans.Looking forward, a GOLD 50th anniversary HP12C Anniversary model would be very nice for the fans.For HP, this is a lucrative business proposition. By now, they would have realized that if they have any of its products which could hit a 50th year home run  in 2031, it would not be from its other product line-it would be this original HP12C GOLD standard bearer. So please treat the old workhorse with the upmost respect!I have an HP 48GX that has been kicking for more than twenty years and an HP 11 that is more than 25 years old and still flawless.  I have had this 12C for about 18 months and the number 5 key is already giving me trouble (have to press hard for it to register).  No drops, no abuse.  The overall feel of this new HP is cheaper plastic.  The keys feel hollow and light.  The available functions are great.  This is a classic calculator.  But the functions are no good if the keys stop working...I've started doing more finance stuff recently and went looking for a good time-value-of-money calculator. I was pleasantly surprised to find the HP12C was still available. I've been using HP calculators for decades (HP-45, HP-15 and now an HP-32SII) because of their great feel and long-lasting quality. However, it's also true that the HP12C is probably the last relic of the great HP calculator legacy. It has 'Made In China' stamped on the rear, but the keyboard feel seems much like my dear departed 15C. Hopefully it will have the same long-term durability.Why do I recommend this calculator?*) RPN. In my world, the purpose of a calculator is to solve fairly straightforward math exercises quickly. If you're a college student and need speed and pictures and parenthesis, buy a graphing calculator. If you're solving Black-Scholl's option equations, fire up Excel or something on your desktop computer. But for straightforward punch-it-in calculator work, nothing beats RPN entry.*) Fit and Finish. The keys have good tactile feedback. The display blinks on every entry. You just *know* you've entered the data correctly. The purpose of a calculator is quick, accurate answers at your fingertips. If you don't care about this, don't waste money on this calculator (or any high-end TI or Casio). Buy a $5 Walmart calculator.*) Straightforward financial calculations. Sure, I could write a program for my HP 32SII to do financial calculations. But why, when I can just key in the data directly to the HP12C, push dedicated financial keys, and get immediate answers. This calculator has most of the financial functions you need in a calculator (amortization, depreciation, NPV, date functions, etc.) along with the basic complement of standard calculator functions (ln, mean, standard deviation, factorial, etc). The complexity level is about right for a calculator. It doesn't take a computer science degree to operate it like the graphing calculators require, and it's far more capable than the $5 Walmart brands.*) Speed. I see reviews complaining that this calculator is slow when doing things like IRR computations. They're right. So what? If your IRR computation is that complicated, use a spreadsheet. If you're a college student taking exams, you're better off with a graphing calculator anyway. For 99% of the things the rest of us do with a calculator the 12C is more than fast enough, and the price of speed is power consumption. My 32SII is going on 10 years without a battery replacement, and I trust the 12C will have the same thrifty ways. It's a pain to need a quick answer, reach for the calculator, and then find the batteries are exhausted. This was a regular occurence when I owned TI and Casio brands. I've never had this problem with the HPs I've owned.It also has some programming capabilities which some may find useful. Personally, I haven't used the programming mode in a calculator for many years. Almost invariably I find it easier to just pull up a spreadsheet or write some code.I suspect the under-30 crowd will find this calculator--maybe the whole calculator premise--feels 'dated', and in a way they're right. However, if you're one of those who, like me, use these tools every day and always want one nearby, I think you'll like this calculator. For fit, finish, and a pleasant balance of performance with simplicity it seems to be on par with my earlier HP calculators. (Time will tell, I suppose, whether or not it has the same durability.) What is certain is that in the age of cellphones, PDAs and computers the era of high-quality long-lasting purpose-built calculators is going the way of the Dodo bird.For simple calculations and discounted cash flows, this one is still the best.  I used this in my graduate business program, and for years as a practicing CPA and financial executive.  Of course for complex cash flows you will want to use an Excel spreadsheet; but for quick cash flow calculations the HP12C really is the tool you want.Personally I find Reverse Polish Notation (&#34;RPN&#34;), which is what this calculator uses, to be easy and intuitive.  Many do; some don't.  RPN takes the place of brackets in an arithmetical expression and is easy to learn.The hardware on this calculator is superb.  One of these lasted me decades.  It got lost in an office move, so I am purchasing another.  RJB.While I don't have an MBA, it's hard to believe that a calculator I learned how to use in 1987 during undergraduate business courses is still the standard for the quick calculating financial world. Any finance professional over 30 will know how to use this, and in a pinch, you might need to know how to use it. I know the TI-8x series has financial functions and the graphic capabilities may make those calculators worthwhile. But for most financial pros, if it can't be done on an HP12C, then you probably need a computer.The RPN system isn't hard to learn (at a basic level it works similar to an adding machine), and the functions on this calculator take input and spit out output in a way similar to Excel (i.e. negative numbers for payments and positive for future value, etc.). I found mine the other day after not using it for a while and immediately used it for a discounted cash flow quick analysis I was later planning to do in Excel. It told me the on-the-fly answer I needed.I've had an HP 12C ever since they were first available, roughly twenty years ago.  I'm just in the process of buying another one, as my original one is finally and completely dead.If you're in any business and have anything to do with money (outside of being a cashier), this calculator is essential.  It includes almost every financial function that you need, and quite a few that you probably don't.  Any problem involving the time value of money or finance is a snap with this mini-machine.The only potential problem that I can see for a new user is the RPN format (By the way, RPN stands for Reverse Polish Notation.  It was invented by a Polish mathematician, Jan Lukasiewicz for symbolic logic.)  RPN is different from the traditional method on entering equations into a calculator, but is easy to learn and use...in fact, once you get used to it, the traditional way seems very clumsy.  For die-hards, the HP 12C Platinum Edition includes both traditional and RPN entry methods and is the one that should be purchased.Bought this for my boss because he lost his.  He loves this calculator & would not be caught without it.  It really helps him with his day to day work & he is the CEO of my company.  If the CEO swears by them then they must be a great little calculator.This is a well-designed, simple calculator that handles typical four-function math. Large, easy to read display that includes a comma to help ensure long strings are easier to read. The buttons are slightly sculpted which helps ensure you don't hit more than one at a time, and are nicely spaced. The display angles up and is legible in even somewhat dim lighting.Seems well-built - better than I expected given the price. Excellent choice if you're looking for a small desktop or hand-held calculator.My only complaint is that you can't clear the memory unless you display it. That seems to be the way with all calculators today. A shame -- I have a very old one that allows you to clear memory without displaying the number (e.g., has separate buttons for clear memory and display memory). That comes in handy at times.I love this calculator, big numbers and calculate excellent so easy to use and make my life so much easier.I've had mine for 4 years now and use it almost daily.  Never had any problems with it even after a few drops to the carpeted floor.  Large easy to read keys with a nice feel, not too hard - not too soft.  Large easy to read display.  All in all, good calculator for everyday basic functions.If you need a calculator that prints, this is not the calculator for you. However, if you need a handy sized, easy to read, solar calculator...this is a good one. It does everything that I want a calculator to do at work. It can figure %. I never use these features, but it can figure tax rates and has memory (mrc, m-, m+). The buttons are big enough. I would buy this model again.A great, basic calculator that does exactly what I need it to. It is a bit bigger than I'd like, but I've become used to it. I actually kind of like the bigger buttons now. I also like that it has a no-slide bottom (i.e., it stays in place when I am punching numbers at the table). Overall, a great purchase!Texas Instruments makes an excellent, relatively basic calculator with all the functions I need. The unit is sturdy; this is well made.In addition to solid construction, there are quite a few calculator functions that should suffice unless you need a scientific calculator or another more advanced model. The keys are good sized; and this makes using them to calculate things very easy. You can expect this product to reliably add, subtract, multiply and divide numbers; and you get square root, percentage, a change sign key (to change from a negative number to a positive number), and three memory function keys as well. Great! I also like that the display uses commas when necessary.There are three more function keys at the top of the buttons that read "(rate, tax+, tax-);" they are for calculating tax rates.Although this is a solar powered calculator (you can also use it under a light), it can be used with batteries as an option. There is a battery compartment on the back of the calculator but rest assured you don't need to use it; solar power or using this on a desk with a lamp will make a battery unnecessary.Overall, this is an excellent little calculator without the bells and whistles I just don't need. I highly recommend this item.This review is for the SECOND version of this calculator, the slightly-larger, grey, BLACK and white model, with a rounded "mound" housing the keypad.  I had actually ordered the older model -- the light-grey model, with the blue and white keys, slightly smaller, which I had had previously, but sadly lost.  I had considered returning this newer model, but finally decided against it, as it is now listed as being discontinued by the manufacturer, so -- if I returned the newer one I did get, I very well might have gotten the same model back..........I was, at first, extremely disappointed in the newer model.  (Why both the newer model and the older model -- which look COMPLETELY DIFFERENT -- have the VERY SAME MODEL NUMBER is completely beyond me.  I mean, people who work at Texas Instruments are supposed to be very intelligent and know what they are doing....but why they decided to give to truly different calculators the same model number is something I don't think I'll ever understand.  I mean...what kind of "genuis" makes this very simple mistake?  (one who wants to fool online and catalogue buyers, who have to trust that the packers will pack the right model, perhaps>)That said, this NEWER model -- though larger and more-than-slightly bulkier than the older one -- does have a few advantages....I think.I don't remember the older model having a "tax+" or "tax-" or "rate" key, nor do I remember it having a battery backup, as the newer model does.This newer model has a nice little compartment for the battery, which need only be opened with a single screw.  So, the entire back of the calculator need not be taken off -- with the slight dangers, therein, of getting dust into the machine, or disturbing the delicate circuitry, in the half a minute or so, that it takes to change the battery.  With a neat little separate oompartment for the battery changing, the rest of the back of the machine need not be disturbed at all!This is all the more important, as more and more calculators, sadly, are made with "no user-replaceable batteries" enclosed, (no -- one is instructed, in these other, still newer calculators, to take them to the nearest authorized repair shop, of the designated manufacturer -- and have them replaced there, like wrist-watch batteries!  First wrist-watches, now calculators!  Talk about planned obsolence!  (Buy even this newer model 1795SV, and keep it close!)Although the newer model 1795sv has a "wrap-around, windshield" numberical display, (instead of what is to me, the far more esthetically pleasing and clearer, "picture-frame" numberical display, found in the older model 1795sv), the numbers still are well-spaced and clear to view.  It also has the nice, l a r g e numberic display, which is not only on this newer model 1795SV, but also on the older model 1795SV.....and also on the belated, dearly loved, and sadly lost original Texas Instrument "1795" model, (no "sv"), which I once had, and enjoyed more than both of the "1795sv" models put together!  (It was small, handy, and a beautiful medium-bone-yellow in colour.  It also seemed to stay on FOREVER -- pr at least an hour or so, if I remember correctly.  Oh, that Texas Instruments would bring THAT model back, sigh!)Well, this NEW m0del 1795SV -- though NOT the older, handier model 1795SV, nor the original model 1795 -- still has many good points, most of which are delineated above.  It is also a desk-top model which can be carried in a pocket-book, if necessary -- and also in a briefcase, but not in a wallet.  It is bigger than the two previous models in the Texas Instrument 1795 line...but does have that priceless customer-replacable battery chamber.  Although I do prefer the previous two models, this newer one, now available, is not a bad little calculator, all things considered.But I would still welcome, (greatly!), the return of the original 1795 model, and/or the original 1795sv.This is a well built calculator that has large keys for folks with large fingers. I would recommend if you have larger hands. Ended up purchasing several for my company due to their popularity. Best large keyed calculator under $15.Texas Instruments Solar Calculater. This is a neat calculator and soent take up a ton of space on your desk. The numbers are large enough to see. And has never given me a false answer or calculation like other ones I have had.It has a solart cell so you do not have to be concerned with battery failure.  As your desl lamp or outside window light will keep it charged for you. Large led numbers are easy to read if your eye sight is not what it used to be.Purchased here on Amazon.com Where the whole World. Shops for Value.I didn't take math my senior year of high school and didn't know where my calculator was when I started college.  I bought this one because it was cheap, compared to the TI 83 that I wanted.  I used it for 2 years before it was damaged (my fault, not a product defect).I bought a cheap calculator to replace it and have been very disappointed. I plan on getting another calculator like these before my statistics class next semester.This is a good calculator, does what it is supposed to, great color, easy to take on the road when I travel.Amazon is totally my school supply go to place. They may not have the colors I want, but they ALWAYS have the price! 3rd calculator I've ordered here. Just like what you buy at the store (and usually less expensive)This calculator does the job for what I need. No batteries needed and it is solar powered. Only problem I have is the cover case. It is not slide in / slide out cover cases like most calculators. It is more of a snap it on / snap it off. Other than that it does help protect it from dust and getting the screen scratched.Outside of being able to attach this to your car's rim and use it as a tire, this calculator does about everything.  And, for a reasonable price!  This is the required calculator for the 6th grade here in Ohio, but I originally purchased mine for an advanced chemistry class for a top 10 university course 18 years ago.  It's still the one I grab every time I need a calculator - it performs all the scientific notation that I need, and doesn't become cumbersome like the TI-83.  I've used this for everything from calculus, microbiology, biochemistry to advanced chemistry and it's worked like a dream.  For the price, it just cannot be beat and durability, well that speaks for itself.  Highly, highly recommend!This TI scientific calculator was easy to use instantly.  Clearly written and thorough instructions that made it simple to operate.  I haven't had use for all of the functions, and probably never will, but for high school and college, this will do very nicely.This is a very nice calculator for high school students in higher math - algebra, trig, pre-calculus. The two line display is an added bonus. Can't beat the price for the functionality.I got this at the Big Box retailer that I despise.  Apparently, they only carry this in black.  URGH!!!  I LOVE that it comes in pink.  (Totally would have bought it on Amazon had I known about it.  Every day I find more and more things to buy on Amazon with my Prime Membership, not that I'm plugging Amazon, but I love Amazon.)  I also love that this shows two lines for previous entries.  That was the major selling point for me for when I do my accounting online homework - my laptop computer doesn't have the numeric keys, so it's frustrating to have to use the numbers above the QWERTY keyboard, and it's also time consuming. I love this calculator - very useful.Too much error code...does not work for me and gives a lot of problems.  I will used it when I have no other choice.  Texas Instruments are always good.  Not sure why I am not having a good experience with this one.When working properly, these are wonderful calculators: affordable, simple to learn, fuctional, small, comes with case, easy to reset the memory, etc.It's not as bulky or expensive as something like the TI-89 and on series of graphing calculators.I recommend these calculators for all my chemistry classes. I've never had to use the sin, cos, and tan buttons, but one feature that is especially useful in science class is the ability to shift between scientific notation and normal notation (end, sci/eng, right, enter). It sounds more complicated than it really is and once you do it once, you'll be fine.Occasionally, there are individual calculators that will have poorly made buttons that stick a little. In that case, you have to be extra careful when inputting data, but usually this gets fixed with enough use.Conclusion: Good choice for science class.Like others have posted this is not as pictured.  The design is not the floral or the geometric as the two pictured.  The design part in these pictures is all white on the calculator I received.  If this is a big deal to you, you may want to go to a store where you can pick the design you want.  For me the pink color met my requirements.A great basic non graphing scientific calculator at a great price.  My school bookstore charges $20 for these and only has them in black.  Pink makes it stand out so you know it is yours and makes doing math more fun!It is solar powered with a battery back up.  It has a cover that snaps on the back when you dont need it shut, and there is a cheat sheet for the functions that is in the cover.  I love Texas Instruments, they make products meant to last.  This is a nice quality plastic making it very durable and last a life time.Cannot beat the price, and Prime 2 day free shipping.  Always looking to save a buck.I used this calculator throughout college and it served me well. For all your non-graphing calculator needs this is the calculator for you. It has all the necessary functions and many more that I never used. Overall solid buy and it has lasted me well over 5 years without any issues.Unless your instructor requires you for having high class graphic calculator that you can see entire graph on the screen, this calculator does good job through lower calc class. I got this a bit over $10 at Wal-Mart, and it's been lasting 3+ years now. No issues or no problem whatsoever.Thankfully amazon had a great supply of scientific calculators, since sadly I had never heard of them until I received my daughter's supply list for middle school.  Exactly what she needs for math.  Powered by solar so you never need batteries.  Cool color...enough said.Main Points:I used this calculator for over 10 years before it finally stopped working, and I treated it fairly roughly (e.g.,coffe spills).  I think others here have attested to the functionality of the TI-30, so I just want to emphasize that it's a tough little gadget as well. Yes, the buttons are on the small side and there is a bit of play, but this was never a major problem (although at times it slows down data entry). You can go to [...] for a good overview of TI calculators, and you can scope out one of TI's major competitors at [...]A Little History:This was also one of the first commercially available low-priced calculators that had two-line display and backspace to correct or edit data entry.  The dual-power and scrolling display features were also once unusual.  The top line (for data entry) shows up to 11 characters; you can scroll backwards or forwards up to 88! The bottom line (shows results) displays up to a 10-digit answer along with a 2-digit exponent.Individual Needs Differ:From the reviews here, it appears that high school math is now more difficult than it once was.  If you know that you're going to need graphing capability, then obviously this is not the choice for you.  Similarly, the prevalence of laptop computers and math/stats software may obviate the need for some of the more advanced features.Recommendation:The layout is very good and, for such a low price, it packs a lot of calculating might.  However, high school (or college)students may want to narrow their choices and then ask their teacher which one has the most relevant functions for the next few years of math. Compared to twenty-five or so years ago, one can now get a lot more calculator for the money. Depending on your budget, therefore, you might determine that a calculator like this is sufficient for your short-term needs, but that you'll need a new one if you go on to more advanced stats and math.  In any event, this is a durable calculator that works very well.These ubiquitous texas instrument calculator that everyone thinks are so great are complete garbage.  Compared to 15c or 42s by HP this is not a tool, but a child's toy or just a piece of land fill luggage.I looked everywhere for a calculator that would help with my son's Geometry. This seemed to fit the bill. Nice size display and a nice instruction guide. I'm sure he'll be using this ALOT.This is my third Texas Instruments calculator.  I also have a TI-84 and a Voyage 200, both of which I love.  I bought this one because I needed a no-frills scientific calculator for my Diff Eq class.  I didn't have a lot of money to spend, so this one seemed to fit the bill.  I wish I had gone to a bricks and mortar store and tried it against some other ones, though.  It has all the functions I want, including storing the previous answer, but the buttons don't always register a key press.  It is really frustrating to be in the middle of a test and have the calculator get temperamental.  It is especially bad when I don't notice it happened and mess up a problem because the button didn't register.  It's not an issue with the buttons being difficult to press, either.  The button presses just don't get picked up some times.I purchased this calculator after the first one I bought for her, this one:Texas Instruments Inc. TI-84 Plus Silver Edition Blue Graphing Calculator (Packaging may vary)was rejected by my sister's math teacher as being too complex for a basic algebra class. The teacher approved of this one, and my sister was able to use it successfully in her math class.This is an item that does what it says it does. Comes in good shape and works well. What more can I say?Overall I do not recommend this product. I remember this calculator from several years ago during various math classes. Bought this as a replacement as I require a calculator with specific test specifications. Works great and very intuitive, however the keys require just enough more pressure than they used to so that it is annoying. Perhaps they will become broken in. Not yet though.This is a great item for basic scientific calculations. It does not do all the functions of the somewhat higher models in the product line but meets my needs just right. And a great bargain at less than $13.I have two teenagers going to the local community college and my wife just started college too. We had my old TI-30X scientific from when I went for my MBA so we ordered two more of he TI-30X which is the updated version of the same calculator I had.  Can't beat the price and color selection.Bought this product recently based on recommendations for an advanced math/ scientific calculator.  Apparently, TI has almost all the schools eating out of their hands by having classrooms make these calculators mandatory in many classes.I will say that the calculator features a lot and you can even purchase more applications to dowload at TI's Website.  However, the calculator is complicated to use, and you almost need a course to learn how to use it.  Furthermore, the functionality is poorly designed and if you press a wrong button the calculator will often freeze on you.At the high price for these TI calculators you would think that they would have gotten all the bugs out.  But let me assure you they are definitely there, and you would be better served to get a Casio or HP graphing calculator instead.Have been using this for a college math class. Does everything I need it to, and a lot more that I have not figured out yet.This is a pricey but versatile calculator.  Yes, there are better, more advanced calculators out there for the advanced mathematics and scientific user.  And yes, this item should be priced much lower than it is, considering it has been on the market for a long time.  However, for use in an academic setting, consider that there exists a lot of  teaching materials out there in the classrooms, as well as activities, that are built around this model.  So, because of that, this model has survived all this time.I bought this calculator to use in a Corporate Finance class.  Calculating Time Value of Money problems with this was much easier than using the BA II Plus.  The inputs are easier to enter, without having to memorize long sequences of key strokes.Your instructor and the class activities will most likely dictate which brand and model of calculator to purchase, rather than a reviewer's recommendations.  However, one bit of advice I can give you is very important to remember:  Please, use regular 1.5v alkaline batteries should you purchase this model.  The rechargeable batteries, with their 1.2v, will not be enough to give you a clear display.  A set of four batteries will last a very long time.  However, it would not be a bad idea to carry a spare pack of 4 in your briefcase or backpack.  You would not want to run out of battery in the middle of an important exam.  This calculator, unlike the more basic models, will not run on solar power.Parents: If you're going to buy your child a graphing calculator for school, DON'T insult his/her intelligence with this limited function calculator. Go with a TI-86 or TI-89 as it will serve him/her well through into college. What this means is you save money by purchasing one calculator that will be useful for SATs, GREs, AP tests, high school, algebra, calculus 1-3, college, etc...If you buy a TI-83, you will have to get a TI-86 or TI-89 in the future because a TI-83 is an OVERGLORIFIED TI-82, which is really good for pre-algebra and algebra.GRANTED you can use a TI-83 for Calculus and more advanced math, but it's a good idea to allow your child to grow intellectually by learning how to use a much more advanced calculator for Calc II and III. I had no problems using a TI-86 for Calc 2 and 3, but the TI-89 definitely helped me understand theorems that were in 3 dimensions.For those who are looking for a calculator to use at work:The TI-83 is a piece of junk. It's for kiddies in 6th grade.The TI-86 is a better engineering calc than the TI-89 due to its more intuitive menu interface for units conversions and what not.The TI-89 is better suited for theoretical math work because of its "pretty print" and units system. Plus with the right software mods, you can do differentiation/integration with the variables intact - just a time saver really.However I realize you're just trying to find info on the TI-83. My overall recommendation for the TI-83 is: don't bother. It's a solid calculator but pay a bit more and get at least a TI-86. It will serve you WELL into frosh or sophomore year of college (Calculus I-III). A TI-83 will have served its absolute purpose by the start of your senior year in high school.It's like bringing a 9mm pistol in an African Safari. It will handle meerkats and other small creatures but once you get to the larger predators - it will not work very well. The TI-86 and TI-89 is comparable to a .50AE and .50 Magnum. It can tackle small stuff but will hold its own when the big beasts come around.One of these calculators is probably one of the most useful things you can have in high school, especially if you are taking classes such as algebra 2, geometry, physics, pre-calculus, or calculus. No matter what you will always find yourself using one of these calculators in high school, they are very powerful calculators that have a great advantage over a standard calculator because it has the ability to have programs on it and because it is a graphing calculator. These calculators can even be used during tests such as the SAT! It gives you a better advantage if you know how to use one of these well. The only downside to these calculators is that they require 4 AAA batteries, they last a pretty long time though because the screen doesn't take up much power. Some people might complain that the screen is too low resolution to today's standards or that it isn't a backlit screen,  but this screen is what allows for greater battery use, you wouldn't want your calculator to power off during an exam. So although this calculator is from 1999 it is still a good calculator that you won't regret getting.I rate the TI-83 Plus 5 out of 5 stars.I hope this review helped you out!Math is not my best subject and this calculator is perfect. I highly recomend it for students from high school on.Worked exactly as described.  Didn't love statistics, but the calculator sure made the class a lot easier.  Would recommend this!Product arrived in the condition and of a quality that I expected. It is a standard black color and functions as expected.classic TI-83. it's back - or at least never left. the price is still up there, but let's not get into that. works beautifully and calls back memories of calculus class back in high school. easy to use, great features.Bottom-Line: The Texas Instruments "TI-83 Plus Graphing Calculator" is probably the last calculator you will purchase in your academic career, it is just that powerful.It's time for me to head back to school, DeVry University's Keller Graduate School of Management that is.  This time I am in pursuit of my MBA with a concentration in Networking and Telecommunications. Why pursue a boring ole traditional MBA when new technology is to be learned?  So that means math; lots of math; loads of math in the form of algebra, calculus, and the ever dread statistics.Did I mention that I hate math!?  What does one do when one hates math, but still needs to do it in spades?  Buy a calculator of course, but not just any calculator I needed a calculator cable of doing complex mathematics including graphing equations.  My very first course called for a Texas Instruments "TI-83 Plus Graphing Calculator."Powered by (4) AAA-sized batteries (plus 1 CR-1616 or CR 1620 lithium battery for backup), the "TI-83 Plus Graphing Calculator" is large unit ideal for advanced mathematics students high school algebra to college-level calculus, and statistics.  The TI-83 Plus packs a lot of mathematical punch and the price of $127.00 (Office Depot.com) certainly confirms it.The TI-83 Plus calculator combines features for statistical analysis, engineering, trigonometric and financial functions making it ideal for a student seeking an MBA.  Financial functions include TVM, cash flows and amortization, though surprisingly a percentage key is missing from the calculator.The two pound (yes, it is heavy, kind of) TI-83 Plus features a non-backlit 64x96 pixel grey scale LCD screen that is frankly hard to read unless the lighting is exactly right.  But the LCD display can display graphs and tables on a full as well as split-screen.  And the display exhibits up to (12) characters and eight lines.  The calculator can graph/trace equations while scrolling through table values.  And the TI-83 Plus can store and analyze up to 10 equations.I also purchased the optional TI-Graph Link (software and USB cable).  The software and cable allows one to connect the TI-83 Plus to a computer via a USB port permitting the transfer of files and data between the two devices.My ThoughtsAmple time should be given to learning what the TI-83 Plus can bring to the table.  All of the nine digits are there of course, but the face of the calculator contains a whole lot more in the form of multi-colored special function buttons; and there are a lot of them!  However, the TI-83 Plus ships with very detailed, instruction manual, so I plan to carry it with me at all times.As I stated above, and it is worth restating, the TI-83 Plus's non-backlit LCD is a little difficult to read when the unit is lying flat on a desk and a lot will depend on the lighting conditions.  Even with the right lighting, the top line of the display is hard to read.Though I was stunned by the high price of the unit the "Texas Instruments TI-83 Plus Graphing Calculator" is probably the last calculator you will purchase in your academic career, it is just that powerful.  You can buy it for a high school student and (s)he can use it through graduate school.I purchase these cards frequently to make my own birthday, Christmas and other holiday greetings. This is the best price I have ever paid for them and they arrived quickly. The cards themselves are of high quality and help me create a final product I can be proud of.This is a really good, high-quality product.  It saves money because you can do it yourself.  It also saves time and gas - instead of going to the store, you can just do it yourself.High quality product - very highly recommended.Not very many people nowadays still write paper letters.  But, believe it or not, I still have a few people that I still correspond with on paper and snail mail.  I do prefer snail mail rather than any other way.  This is a good way to have some stationery in which to write a letter on.no, you won't fool anyone into thinking that these are commercial-quality cards, but they're pretty good. i prefer the matte finish over glossy which tend to have even flimsier paper. the size of these cards are basically a piece of 8.5"x11" paper folded in half, so that makes these larger than a normal commercial greeting card. but since they're "regular paper-sized," it's easy to design your own elements and print without worrying about sizing, orientation, etc...this is fine for casual card-making. despite using your printer's ink, it's still cheaper than buying greeting cards. it's a good option for a home hobbyist or for making last-minute cards if you don't feel like going to the store.I like the larger size and the very whiteness of the paper. The matte paper really takes in a lot of the inks so the result is sometimes stunning. I only mark it down one star because I wish it were just a bit stiffer.I love making my own greeting cards.  These work perfectly with my canon inkjet printer.I like to take tons of pictures at parties and get togethers.  It is amazing how many funny looking faces some people make while trying to smile for a photo especially a big group.  There will always be one in the middle of doing something else instead of getting the smile right.  I like to take and isolate that one and later for their birthday or something make a funny card.  Or put funny sayings in word balloons over their heads and make a funny card.People like personalized cards and not only that, this is so much cheaper than cookie cutter cards at the store.  My friends all seem to look forward to my cards so I use lots of these Avery Half Fold products.Sometimes I want to create an especially personal card for someone and these half fold cards and envelopes make for a very nice end product.  There is a finish to one side that helps make the printed graphics look better than if the paper were not coated.The weight of this card stock is perfect for my ink jet printer and feeds smoothly.  The fold line is so slight that you can use the page whole if you want and not fold it at all.  It also lends itself to being cut in half for single page note cards.  I've already made three sets featuring original art for Christmas presents.I've tried three other brands of half-fold card stock and all have been too heavy to feed smoothly through my printer.  The resulting cards show lines of print instead of a smooth picture--not exactly professional quality.  This product is perfect.  It's a good weight for a greeting card or note card and has a smooth bright white finish.  It can be folded into a half fold card via the scored line as designed, but doesn't have to be and the faint line isn't obvious if the page is left whole for a printed notice where you want some heft, like for a yard sale or lost pet.  If you cut the cards in half for note cards and miss the scored line by a tiny amount, it doesn't show so your note cards still look perfect.I will definitely buy more of these cards.  Highly recommended.I'm a digital photography enthusiast and this product has given me the ability to make stunning personalized cards for family and friends.  Very easy to use straight out of the box.  These cards reproduce photographs very nicely, in bright, vibrant color.The half-fold is nice as it gives you plenty of room for artwork and personalized messages on the inside.  Highly recommended.I created a whole group of Christmas cards with these. They look great and were fun to do. I'm ordering more so I can finish my card list.This product consists of decent quality 8.5 x 11 matte card stock with a partial laser perforation in  the middle so the it folds in half evenly. 25 envelopes are included in the package. This is larger than a typical greeting card, but the size makes it easy to use with just about any printer. The paper accepts and absorbs the ink without seeping through or veining in the paper fibers. The paper color is not bright white, but is appropriate for a greeting card.The package insert, dated 2007, states that Avery DesignPro software is Windows only. However, Avery DesignPro for Mac OSX is now available as a free download on the Avery.com software page. Avery DesignPro for Mac is a basic graphic design and layout program which includes templates for most Avery products, including Avery/American Greetings Half Fold Blank Cards (3265). This is the easiest way I know of to use this kind of product. In addition, Avery DesignPro includes a printer calibration feature. Absolute precision is not so critical on greeting cards, but if you're printing 90-per-page return address labels, a fraction of an inch one way or the other can run a whole sheet of labels.My printer (an HP 7180) has a duplex (two-sided printing) attachment. The DesignPro software will print both sides on the same job. The trick is to choose Short-edge Binding in the print dialog box. If you choose long-edge, the inside of the card will print upside down on the wrong page. The preview in the print dialog box does not show the inside page, but it does print. If your printer does not have a duplex attachment, then you simply print page 1 only, flip the paper over and then print page 2 only. I'd suggest trying this once or twice with plain paper, so you know exactly how to flip the paper for your particular printer.To me, these products fall in the etiquette scale between  a hand-written note on your personal letterhead and a greeting card you bought in the grocery store. They do show you put some time and effort into the communication.This product provides a certain amount of convenience but is not anything special. It is 8.5x11-in. card stock for inkjet printers, with a crease in the middle for folding. It has a template number for use with word-processing and creative-project software, but templates can often be more trouble than they are worth, especially for the simple task of dividing a simple letter-sized sheet into two parts. There is a convenience, to be sure, in having correct-sized envelopes packaged with the paper; but again, there is nothing special about this size of envelope; and they feel somewhat flimsy, not exactly something in which to encase the results of your artistic labors.Plain is OK, but to get a top rating from me this product would have needed to have been special in some way, such as perhaps being glossy on half of one side in order to provide a space in which to print a photo vibrantly.These are nice sturdy cards and envelopes that print up very nice and crisp. They are not photo cards but a slightly shiny card stock, they fold so easily on the fold mark, fit the envelopes nicely and no extra postage required. I used microsoft digital image suite to make my cards and it works perfectly with these, I used pictures of my pets to make Christmas cards and they turned out rather nice. These are not fancy cards but are nice enough to send out to others.I have been using this Avery half-fold greeting card stock for more than ten years.  I have tried other vendors and generic alternatives, but I have always gone back to Avery because of the print quality that you get from this product.On both sides of the greeting card, the printed output is smooth, crisp and sharp, yielding nice images.  There is no bleeding of the inkjet colors into the fibers of the paper.  The greeting card has a matt-coated finish on one side for the nice reproduction of pictures and images.  The card has a slight crease for easy folding.  I use Printshop for making cards, so I have never tried the free templates and software.I'm usually dissapointed in card makers but these are the best I have every used.  The paper looks much better right out of the box, works great in the printer, does not smear and most important gives you a photo-like image on the paper.They are a nice big size and come with their own envelopes (which is good since they are so big).  The images are really as good as premium photo paper when compared side by side.  They fold well, envelopes are good quality also.These might cost a little more than generic ones but well worth the price, cannot find one bad thing to say about them.I usually use Hallmark's greeting card paper and like it a lot.  Avery's product is equally good.  It is a true matte finish, so if you want a little more shine, this isn't for you.  The stock is thick enough that the printing doesn't show through and the fold is neat and professional.  No need to buy pre made cards if you have these on hand.  I use American Greeting's printable option a lot but my kids like to make their own cards with it.  They look much better than trying to fold your own card stock.  I would highly recommend these.My wife enjoys the creative process and personal touch of making/designing her own Special Occasion cards for family and friends.  The package of Avery white half-fold greeting cards containing 20 each of card stock and envelopes, is perfect for this endeavor.  The best feature of the card is the well-defined fold line, which helps when determining what side is the best or correct side, for the front of the card. The quality and sturdiness of the card stock is a big plus. It is a good weight...not heavy, but not too light, either! The paper accepts all the colored inks well, with the printing and pictures clear and clean-looking. The designs can slightly show through if printed on both sides, but that is not a big distraction.  She will definitely order this product again.I love this card stock. Nice weight, nice white tone, and the ink-jet prints on it are superior. They make it easy.I like this brand of card stock - nice weight; ink absorbs evenly, and the paper is scored, making folding the paper into a card easy and precise.This is nice thick card stock that does not bleed through. I used these for invitations and printed a full color picture on front, black & white print with a color image inside and a color image on the back. They looked fantastic! Of course I did need to keep the pages separated for a minute, so the ink could dry, but nothing smeared and they looked fabulous. The only trouble I had was that I couldn't find an option for this Avery size in my Word 7, so I used what I thought was closest to that size and it worked just fine (and that is why I didn't give it 5 stars). I would definitely purchase these again!this Avery greeting card paper works great for me. I never had it jam up my printer maybe its because I separate all the pages first to see if any are stuck together. then re-stack how may I want to print put paper in printer and print away. my cards turn out very well I will buy this paper again.I found the cards to be simple to load, and the card stock itself is firm and easy to handle.  I like these larger cards for relatives whose vision isn't great.  The background is crisp and white and takes color well, whether text, clip art, or photos.  There is a heavy-weight version of this product, but I don't see the point in making greeting cards that last 100 years...Perfect cardstock for creating my own greeting cards on my inkjet printer.  I used the templates for Microsoft Word, and they fed nicely into my Canon MP830.  Totally satisfied and will use this for future cards.Avery and American Greetings have gotten together to create a product that will be giving your local card store a run for its money.Got a PC? A color printer?  Like to collect clip art? Or are you an amature photographer? Well, combine that with a simple program (like Microsoft's PUBLISHER) and you will be churning out unique, one-of-a-kind cards in a matter of minutes.The great part is, all the cards reflect you and your style. No longer do you have to contend with searching for "the perfect card" when you can create it (and personalize it) at home.I take photos and importing them on the Half Fold Blank Cards is a snap.  You can add a greeting (no more "Happy Birthday" but you can add the person's name as well) and you really are showing somebody how much you care (Sorry Hallmark, I couldn't resist the jab).This product produces professional cards that are just as good (sometimes better) than the ones you buy in the card stores.Avery/ American Greetings provide you with envelopes so all you need is a little talent and wait until you see the end product!These cards are made of pretty good card stock with nice envelopes.  The template I downloaded did not have any envelope printing option; there was only a template for the card.  Designing the card took a little bit of experimenting before I got the writing and picture to be organized correctly in the template.  There are really no guides in the template. It also took me a while to orient the paper correctly in the printer, but once that worked, the output of the picture on the card cover was rich.This is for inkjet printers only and before I selected this product, I had missed that description.  I did try it in my laser printer with the duplex option set and the card stock got jammed as expected.  However, it did print the front of the card beautifully before that happened.  I then printed a saying on regular paper and glued it to the back of the card.  Obviously, if you have an inkjet printer, you won't have to do this. Instead, I had my friend use this product on her inkjet printer. Below is her review:"The paper has the perfect weight for card stock.  The paper fed through my printer with ease each time (not too thick), and it worked well for double sided printing with no bleed through.  Both black and color ink printed perfectly.  I would purchase this brand card stock paper again."In summary, if you like printing your own cards and have an inkjet printer, then this Avery product is a good option.If you want to send a largish greeting card with plenty of room for photos or images, this is just what you need.  So many of the print your own card kits produce small cards.  These are grate for photos - big enough so you can notice them across the room and be drawn to see them better.I tried printing photo greeting cards on this paper with two different printers - an Epson Artisan 810 and an HP OfficeJet 6500A - and had a very positive experience with both. In the past, I have had greeting card papers jam or refuse to feed unless the paper goes in from the top, but I had no difficulties with either printer in this case. The colors were a bit richer coming from the Epson printer, and I'm sure it's because that printer utilizes six ink cartridges and is designed more specifically for photo printing. However, the results were very close, and I was very happy with the prints from both machines. Colors are bright and clear, and the details are sharp. The cards have a nice feel to them and the scoring in the middle of the sheets make them very easy to fold cleanly and evenly. With the matte finish, the ink is dry and okay to handle as soon as the prints come out of the printer. I'm very happy with this paper and would buy it again for gifts and my own personal use.This is a great size for a holiday letter card where you can print a photo on the cover and your letter on the inside, works easier if your printer does doublesided automatically.Ever have a day when you need a card and you don't have one on hand? Avery White Half-Fold Greeting Cards are nice to have to quickly and easily create a nice looking card. The paper is sturdier and nicer looking than normal printer paper.  I think at a half page size, they are a little big and the envelopes are a little cheap looking.  My huge recommendation is to always print your card on a piece of normal paper to make sure it is right before using this paper. Since I messed one up, I printed a half page size card. I like that size better, but then you need to have your own envelopes or do without. Making two per page would make the cards more economical, too. It is very easy to find pre-made designs that fit this template size. Even a beginner could make a card in minutes. I used a non-color laser printer and by choosing a black and white design, the cards look great.  Overall, I like these and if they save a trip to the store...I love them.This Half-Fold  style along with  Avery's Quarter Fold heavy paper stock is the perfect medium to use for those who prefer to send personalized greeting cards.  Sure, you can use standard printer paper, but these scored sheets are whiter, brighter and make the colors and text pop, and it gives your cards ( that you worked long and hard on) that professional look.  These packages all come with matching envelopes which make it a great deal.  I don't  go out and spend $5-6.00 PER CARD for those  generic cards you get at drug stores anymore....... that's ridiculous.  I love designing and personalizing the cards I send out at a fraction of the cost.I had some less-expensive half-fold cards that I had purchased previously.  I assumed that the same card (same pictures, words and fonts) would look about the same on them both.  After all, they were both Avery products.  To test my theory, I test-printed the same thing (using the same fonts and the same picture) on both cards.  I was amazed at the difference!  The words were sharper and clearer on these cards.  However, where they really stood out was the clarity of the picture!  The picture on the other card was acceptable -- until I put them side-by-side for comparison!  On this card, the colors were more vivid, and the picture was a lot sharper.  In fact, when compared to this card-stock, the picture on the less expensive paper looked faded and washed out (something I probably would've never noticed if I hadn't seen the side-by-side comparison).  I'm still having a hard time believing that different card-stock can make such a diffence.  The difference really is that noticeable.  These more expensive half fold cards are definitely worth the extra expense, and I will buy them in the future.I also like that you can download free templates from [&#8230;] templates (something that is true of all Avery products).  When using Avery's free templates, you have four options:1 - Avery Templates (a simple and basic download, and it works with MS Word & Adobe programs);2 - Avery Wizard for MS Office (a download that gives more options than the basic option and makes MS Word even easier to use);3 - Avery Design & Print Online (Online version that does not require a download, unfortunately I couldn't figure out how to do single labels without printing an entire page of the same label);4 - Avery DesignPro (a download that allows even more features than basic or MS Office templates.  All the templates are free, and you can use them with multiple Avery products (labels, gift cards, etc.)I used this cardstock to make Christmas tags for my son's preschool goodie bags and I had no problems printing them on an inkjet printer.  I also used these cards and Avery's DesignPro software to print Christmas cards and they looked like something I could have bought at the store.  I was really impressed with the papers and would definitely use them again as well as recommend them to others.The avery Half-Fold Greeting Cards for Inkjet Printers are great for Greeting Cards and Invitations. I have made Invitatons and Greeting Cards with ease using this kit. You can easly download Avery Templates and Software to help you make beautiful cards everyone will enjoy receiving.The paper quality is good, and there is a wide variety of templates to choose from on the Avery web site.  The templates range from wedding invitations to get well cards, to office-oriented announcement cards.  You have to provide the actual text; but the background images are part of the templates. You can also design and print your cards via their web site; it generates a PDF file that you print one side at a time.  Helpful instructions are close by.  The templates on the web site are for all versions of Microsoft Word; I had no trouble opening them with OpenOffice.org software.This is a nice heavy weight cardsotck.  It is not of exceptional quality - pretty much the basic cardstock paper you can find in big packages at the local craft or discount store.  It works well for run-of-the-mill cards like larger quantities of Christmas cards, but I prefer to use a better quality for special cards. Still, it works well for its price.The cards and envelopes are a good quality paper and have a nice feel to them.  I like to use my own photos designs for cards and  these will be perfect for Christmas this year.I've been using these in my HP 1610 inkjet printer and they work great.  Text and photos come out crisp and vibrant.  I downloaded the template from Avery and it works perfectly in OpenOffice.The best thing about these is that they are pre-folded.  This provides a much better result than using regular card stock.My only complaint, which is minor, is that I wish the paper was just a little bit thicker/heavier.  Other than that, I'm very happy with the overall quality and will probably order another box when this one is used up.This is a really nice card making kit.  The card stock is very heavy and a nice texture. It's easy to format and includes envelopes.  I do think the large envelopes would need extra postage if you are mailing them.The kids and I had a blast making cards last month for Christmas and Thank You's. The cards printed out beautifully and saved us a trip to the card shop (and some big $$$ spent there usually). I am going to keep these in stock at home for our card needs. A+Have used this many times before and this site had one of the best prices.  Crisp colors and quality paperIt's been a while since I've used actual greeting card paper to make my photo greeting cards.  The first time I made greeting cards on a PC, I used HP greeting card paper, which I found on clearance.  I loved making photo cards!  Unfortunately, I realized greeting card paper was a bit costly when not on clearance, so I turned to other paper for my cards.  Mostly, I have made them onCanon Matte Photo Paper, 8.5 x 11 Inches, 50 Sheets (7981A004).  (Note, however, I have not bought this paper since 2005, when I stocked up on it, because it was so cheap.  Thus, I don't know if Canon has changed anything about the paper or not.  The box itself looks different.)  It is basically inexpensive photo paper, and has no Canon name on the reverse side, so you can print your greetings on that side.  (Just make certain you print the photo on the right side.  If not, it will look horrendous, whereas words look just fine.  Hold the paper up to a lamp to find the brightest white side for the photo.)  It also folds relatively easily.  If you want your card on glossy paper, use glossy photo paper for your photograph, pastel or bright bonded paper for your message, and tape or paste the bonded paper to the back of the glossy paper. (All glossy paper I have ever seen has the brand's name on the back, so messages can't be printed there.)  Then, just get a box of envelopes that fit your cards, such asColumbian CO468 Grip-Seal Invitation Envelopes A9, 5-3/4" x 8-3/4" - White (Box of 100).If you want it quick and easy, though, do get these Avery greeting cards.  The envelopes are included, and the card paper is already half folded, so there's no struggle in getting the card folded just right.  The photos I printed on these cards looked almost as good as the photos printed on matte photo paper.  I used 10 of these Avery cards to make a stationery set for friends.  I printed photos of their dogs on the front of the cards, and left the insides blank for "newsy" notes.  Since the envelopes in this pack come bounded in two sets of ten, that worked out quite well.  I included one of the envelope sets with the cards, and had a very nice Christmas gift for my friends. I don't think the included envelopes are quite as nice as the Columbian ones, but they certainly will do. Also, when making a quarter card, while folding the half card in half, the card tore in half!  So, you might want to watch out for that, or get quarter card paper for your smaller cards.  Making greeting cards on the computer is lots of fun, and Avery makes it simple with these half-fold greeting cards!I am on my third pack of Avery half-fold cards in only about a year's time. I love this product! Aside from the typical print-out greeting cards, I use the cardstock for a couple of other things as well: (1) They're scored deeply enough that they rip in half easily. Once ripped in half, I cut along the line to make it look neater, fold each half of cardstock in half, and then make two handmade cards out of one sheet. (2) The cardstock works really well as a cover when creating half-fold booklet projects.One thing that's different about this product from others is that it comes with envelopes. Plenty of other brands only sell cardstock in packs, and this envelope size isn't always easy to find. The printing is also less likely to smear than some other types of heavy paper since the surface isn't glossy.The only negative I have to say is that this packet used to come with 25 cards and envelopes (my old box reads: "5 more cards! Now with 25 cards."). I really wish Avery had kept the pack at a larger size and not taken it back down to 20. The actual product is great, though, and something I use frequently.These cards allow us to make beautiful, personalized custom cards at a fraction of what we'd pay for those overpriced, impersonal store-bought ones.  I can have 25 hand drawn Avery cards for less than the price of one fancy store-bought one, or if I print them, including ink, it would still be less than $1/card.The kids used the Avery cards for the first time today, making some cards for a friend's birthday.  They came out looking so nice and polished.  We didn't even bother with the printer; they just drew right on them.  They will have even more fun when we've got more time to experiment, with glitter, buttons, stickers, cut outs, etc.  I'm looking forward to scanning in some of their favorite drawings and using them for cover art.  Or making a Father's Day card with a photo of the kids and their dad.  I think I'll make a birthday card for my dad from his dog, with a picture of his dog on the cover and googly eyes pasted on.The card stock is nice and heavy, is a nice bright white that shows true colors, and is scored for easy folding.  The folds come out crisp but not at all flimsy.Knowing Avery products as I do, I'm sure they will work like a dream in my printer, but I will update my review when I have an opportunity to do a card on the printer.These greeting cards worked really good. I was looking for a card size more like the ones you buy in the store but these were inexpensive and you get 20 of them. Good deal. I Payed the price I would pay for one Hallmark card and got 20 of them. This is fun for the whole family both making and receiving them.Great card stock, excellent paper and it worked great with my inkjet printer.  I chose cute Christmas card design, my photo and my personal message and was done in minutes!  But... I didn't like starting with just blank cards.  For advanced users I'm sure it's what everybody wants, blank slate so their imagination runs wild.  But I wanted to at least start with some color and pre-printed borders, so all I would need to pick is my pictures and write my message.  Overall, still 5 out of 5.Great bang for the buck.  Buy it, and I promise you will not be disappointed.This is a good calculator for those who are taking business classes.  This is helpful for those taking introductory courses in Accounting and also in Finance.  You can also use this to check your Excel spreadsheet and make sure that your formulas are correct.  This can be especially helpful when setting up an amortization table.  However, if your teacher will allow it, you may be better off with a graphing calculator, like a Ti-83.  You can use the Ti-83's TVM functions to do the same things, and it is a little bit easier to learn.Another thing to consider, for those who will be taking exams, is that you will need to master the functions of whatever model calculator will be allowed on the test.  While I prefer the TI-83, it may not be allowed in the CPA Exam, for example.I bought the calculator for Accounting classes, and now it is just laying there not used. But it is good enough for the first Accounting classes, then you do better upgrade your calculator.I got this calculator at request from my Corporate Finance professor.Its the student version and pretty easy to use -- key thing being that you regularly clear your work from memory in between TVM problems.Once you get the hang of it, its very fast to calculate PV, NPV, FV, Cost of Capital, etc.Its not as solidly made as the TI-85's I had in Calc as an undergrad, but its small, lightweight and easy to use --- worth the 28$ and actually a bit quicker to solve finance problems than MS Excel(Note:  for real world NPVs, I do use Excel since thats more repetitive work and involves alot of different scenario modeling that would be less efficient on a manual calculator.)David Wilson: Thank you my man for your review of the TI BA II. I was getting ready to junk my old 80's 12C when I noticed in your review of the TI something that made me go back and do something that put my 12C back into action.  You saved me some dollars and time. I was about to buy the TI but no need now.Great product. Everything I need as a finance guy. All I need now is my books to be this cheap.I have not had a chance to really learn the complex functions. The buttons are a nice size and not sensitive. I am planning to use it for the CFA preparation and exam. I am overall very pleased with it.This calculator worked perfectly for my Finance class- easy to use and no issues whatsoever. Highly recommend for your finance needs! Thanks!VALUE PERFORMER GETS NEW LOOKBA2+ users may like to know that Texas Instruments has released a "new look" TI BA2+ (allow me to call it it BA2+N), which may come with just more than cosmetic improvements over the popular BA2+.IMPROVED LCD DISPLAYI was able to observed from a short distant away that the LCD display of the BA2+N,is clearer and more contrasty than the orginal BA2+ which I own. TI gets a thumbs up for doing this improvement quietly plus giving a facelift to this already highly regarded value for money business-financial electronic calculator.DID TEXAS INSTRUMENT KILLED SOME BUGS IN THE BA2+?Although I have not yet been able to test the BA2+N, TI may have also incorporated some improvements and killed some bugs on the popular BA2+. It is also probable that some improvements or new functions incorporated on the September 2004 released BA2+ Professional (BA2+PRO) may also have been also incorporated into the specs of BA2+N.I would like to believe that some small but extremely annoying bugs of the "original" BA2+ has been quietly fixed on the BA2+N. In particular, I wish to see the "Reset" button nuisance which clears all user input formatting on the BA2+ has been done alway with. Most users of BA2+ would know that an accident user soft reset would return to the default Number of Periods per year P/Y to 12, this would upset the results of many TVM calculations when user has set the P/Y to "1" to use the calculator in "number of periods" instead.BATTERY REPLACEMENT WOES ON THE BA2+I was not able to exam a unit of the BA2+N to see if end users would still need a screw driver to unscrew and pry open the BA2+ casing just to replace the CR2032 battery. It would be nice if TI would incorporate a user accessible slide open battery compartment for the BA2+N or future upgrades of the BA2+.MY RECOMMENDATIONWould be buyers should get hold of the BA2+N or buy the BA2+PRO if you have a bigger budget. Budget conscious users could see that for the price of a BA2+ PRO, a screw driver and spare batteries, new users could afford to purchase for themselves two sets of BA2+N.An advantage of having a spare BA2+N set on hand is that users could free themselves from the trouble of carrying a philips screwdriver and replacement lithium batteries to important assignments or to the examination centre.HOW DIFFERENT DOES THE BA2+N LOOKS? I have downloaded the BA2+N JPEG picture from TI's calculator site and posted it to the Amazon's picture gallery.IMPORTANT NOTE:I have commented on the BA2+N as an end user and I don't work for TI, HP or any of the manufacturers for the products which I have used, reviewed and posted my comments on the pages of Amazon.com. It is my pleasure to be able to share my first look at the BA2+N with you, thanks for reading!This product is for real geeks only. I bought it as a souvenir and office decoration.If you want something serious and practical, get an iphone (or any other smartphone) and a financial calculator app that can do Black-Scholes option pricing and many other fixed income and derivative stuff that this calculator cannot do.I had gotten my first TI calculator in 6th or 7th grade. My TI-83+ has survived about 10 years of being dropped, thrown in frustration, left in hot/cold cars, etc. I bought this calculator for a finance class so that I could enter the calculations I need as they are taught in class rather than figuring it out on my graphing calculator. The first thing I noticed are the keys aren't nearly as good and are kind of annoying to press.  The case isn't very solid at all, I get the feeling if I were to drop it that would be the end of this calculator. As for actual calculation it has been fine so far, but you need to change decimal settings. Out of box it rounds to 2 places, which is inadequate. I recommend setting it to 5.This is a good calculator as would be expected from Texas Instruments, who have been in the calculator business for decades.  A calculator should do the functions that it is supposed to do, which this calculator does.  However, like several other's have noted, the keys can be a challenge.  I've had to start over after entering a number due to the numbers not enterring as they should have.  A good press of the keys takes care of that issue, but most calculators do not need to have the keys pressed firmly for the correct operation...  If Texas Instruments could redesign around the key issue, this would be a five star calculator, as the case and display are well designed. I have only used this calculator for a total of maybe 15 - 20 hours, and the keys may work better over time, but I have not seen any change during the timeframe noted.Update 6/16/11 - I'm hoping that I ended up with a lemon, and that this is not an indicator of TI's quality standards.  I'm dropping my rating from 4 stars to 2 stars.  The decimal button works only when pressed firmly as do several other buttons on this calculator.  When taking a timed test in a finance class, this calculator really failed me because of these issues.  Even being aware of the issues with the calculator I found myself having to redo calculations several times for most of the problems due to the calculator not taking the decimal point.  In over thirty years of using calculators I have never had one with issues like this.  At this point, I'd only recommend this calculator to my enemies, not my friends.My neighbor ordered this and he said it did a great job. He finished in the top 100 in the world in his field so I guess it did the job.I have owned two TI Business Analyst calculators in the past. One finally broke after many years and I replaced it with this one.The functions provided are extremely useful for so many calculations, like the monthly payback on a loan, what the future value of a series of payments into an IRA would yield at some assumed interest rate, discounting a future sum of money by an assume inflation rate, and many other calculations like converting a stated interest rate to a true annual rate and vice-versa and figuring the yield to maturity of a bond. You name it.A VERY useful book comes with the package, better than the book with my last one because it shows clear examples of how to perform different calculations. It will also suggest some things you can do with the calculator that you may not have intended.The calculator is encased in a protective plastic cover that removes from the calcuator and can be either placed to the side or slid onto the bottom of the case to avoid losing it. The keypad has good feedback, nice feel.The only negative, and this is a nit, is that there's no battery hatch. You have to take the case apart to replace the coin battery. I don't know why they've done that but the batteries last so long (5 years?) this shouldn't be an issue.I've seen HP and Sharp financial calculators and in my view considering the TI's price, ease of use, and terrific manual, it's a real winner!I'd been avoiding getting a financial calculator for several years because I thought that it would be too complicated to learn how to use, and that using Excel or just calculating what I needed using algebra would be simpler and less probe to errors.  This calculator was required, by name, for a class I am taking, and I begrudgingly bought it.  I'm glad I did.  I can't believe how easy it is to use.  I still like excel or just doing the math (for simple TVM procedures), but am really impressed with the simplicity of this financial calculator.It is well made, cleanly designed, and a worthwhile purchase.I needed a calculator that could replace my simple desk calculator for quick figures at my desk. This one has done very well and seems like it will last some time. I bought Canon as that was my old brand and I like it although since I have large hands I wish it was a tad bit bigger. It was hard to determine which one to get shopping online but I am happy with it. There really is nothing I would like to change on it and will use it for years. Not much else to say as it is a basic calculator.I used this very calculator at my old office and it lasted for years.  That's why I've kept on buying them.  Of all the calculators I have and use, this is my favorite by far and I use it the most.  The keys are great - they're large and spaced apart to reduce input errors, making this the easiest-to-use calculator I've had.  The display is large, raised and easy to see.What makes this calculator so nice is you barely notice it because it allows you to concentrate on what you're doing.  Sure it doesn't have lots of functions, just the basic ones, but I have another calculator for that.  I tend to use this one all the time and I'd feel lost without it.This is a remarkable, durable and useful calculator.  I'm perform a lot of accounting in my job, and this is my normal go-to calculator.  From the time I ordered it to delivery, only 13.5 hours passed.  That's the fastest I've had an order fulfilled.  Just thought I'd relate that.This is a great calculator for the money; easy to use, display is great. Have purchased Canon calculators in the past, and they are always good quality for the money with great features.An alternative will be Canon LS-82Z. I think they are both competent calculators and do what they are supposed to do, except that the 82Z is $6.66 cheaper! (I should also mention that I calculated that number using a 82Z!)What does another excellent, but smaller Canon calculator -- the  CanonLS-82z -- "want to be when it grows up"?  Right!  THIS calculator -- the Canon LS 85H calculator!``The smaller calculator -- also reviewed for me by Amazon -- is an excellent little machine.  But I can see how its smaller size, (and in particular, smaller keys), would be a problem for those using it on a continual basis.  Men especially, as they tend to have larger hands than women....The slightly larger, Cannon LS 85H calculator, being reviewed here, is almost as perfect a general-purpose calculator as one can find these days!  A handy size, which is at home either on desk-top or pocket/purse."Man-size" keys, which are still not overwhelmingly large, which a person with the largest hands, and also one with the smallest, can usewith the utmost of ease.  The eight-digit display is large, and very well spaced.  Nice little "extras", found in most -- but not all -- other general-purpose calculators: a percent key, a square root key, and a sign change key.  (The sign-change key does not appear on the smaller, LS-82Z).True, the larger LS-85H calculator has an enclosed, "wrap-around" display, (enclosing the entire top part, all together), rather than the "picture-frame" display, (in which the numberic display is indented, and "framed" by the rest of the top of the calculator) of the smaller calculator.  (And I, personally, find the "picture-frame" display far more attractive).  But the larger LS-85H calculator stays on for approximately 3 minutes before turning itself off...approximately a full minute more than the smaller machine, and this may mean more to many users.About the only things missing from this calculator are an "off" key, (not found on the LS-82z, or on most other calculators, either), a "resume" key, (found, at present, only on the large and somewhat cumbersome Sharp (R) VX=2128R calculator -- but a feature that would be welcome on ANY calculator!), and a "live" battery, (you know -- an"AA" battery, or even two --which can easily be replaced.  Like they used to have when calculators first came out?)Oh, oh...wait a minute!  I see that Canon ALSO has, (or had), another model that looks ALMOST like this one does, but which has, as a model number, LS-85H 4050A001AA!  Looking at the description of it....YES!  It has a live battery!  AA!  Sadly, there was only one of these for sale......and, yes....this reviewer has done what the vast majority of people would do under the same circumstances....grab it!  Hopefully, Canon will produce more of this "AA" powered portable calculator....as will all other calculator manufacturers!  Replacable lithium batteries are just NOT easy to replace!  (I see that Canon DOES have a larger, 12-digit "AA" powered calculator, still on sale! -- Canon 7438A003AA).  It got one 3 star review....but if I wanted a larger, 12-digit calculator which uses a "AA" battery, I'd try this one for sure.Anyway, the Canon LS-85H, which is the main calculator being reviewed here, is a good, basic, little machine, with size, keys, and basic features, that feel, and respond, "just right".  Great for "Goldilocks", or anyone else you know -- even yourself!I love it!  The first one burst at the seam 2 weeks into it, but I emailed Fellowes and they sent me a replacement.  The texture of it is great - like soft shark skin or something.UPDATE: After a couple of weeks my opinion of this has dropped. The only good thing is that it has the same nylon covering as the original version. But the gel (or whatever they use now, it used to be gel) feels as hard as a rock and is really unpleasant to use. I thought I could live with the thinner padding but this is really really unpleasant to use.This isn't a worthless wrist rest but I'm giving it one star because Fellowes shouldn't be selling this under the same product ID (down to the model number) when it's significatnly different.It is significantly shallower (in terms of thickness) and hence doesn't offer nearly as much padding. It's also shallower front to back.This isn't a bad wrist rest (and they are much cheaper now: I paid roughly $13 for this compared to $18 4 years ago for the same product ID), but they are not in any way the previous generation.Some people might consider this a better product as they make not like the height of the earlier ones.Fellowes 91737 Gel Wrist Rest - Graphite/PlatinumThis wrist rest is very comfortable and it is soft and now my wrists have no more pain. The only complaint is when you take the wrist rest out of thee package it has a terrible odor and  it take a few days to go away, if you do not mind the smell it is a great wrist rest. I have owned it for 3 days and the smell is still there but the smell us much less, so I have decided to keep it.Thanks to a severe flare-up of Carpal Tunnel Syndrome, I found myself in a lot of pain after a day of typing.  I finally broke down and bought wrist wrests for both my keyboard and my trackball, and I'm glad I did even though both took some major getting used to.  The keyboard rest is great in most respects, but for me it has two drawbacks:  It could be a bit longer, and it pushes the top of my keybard up under my desk (I have a pull-out shelf arrangement.)  Neither is the fault of Fellowes necessarily, and I mention it only to alert anyone who has a very wide or deep keyboard to these possible (minor) problems. I do find, however, that the rest isn't quite high enough for me to avoid some stressing of my wrists.On the plus side, it's got a backing that's so extremely non-skid that you have to lift it up to move it.  And the gel is loads of fun to play with while you're thinking.  I find myself pinching and poking it, and wondering how long it can take that sort of punishment before it breaks or tears.  I don't recommend this sort of behavior, but if you're prone to it, this might well give some scope to your nervous figets.Busted open the second day.  Too much weight on it or a crappy product?  Maybe just a flawed item in the mass distribution?  Whatever the reason, it busted open (cool to see the gel stuff though :)  Won't buy ever again, though.It works smoothly in the labeler and the backing is easy to remove. The drawback is that it doesn't stick very well to hard plastic surfaces or in cold temperatures. I wanted to label some oversize plastic storage bags in my garage, but they fell right back off. They work best indoors, on non-slick surfaces.Not much to say here. This is the 1/2&#34; size and I order a smaller size by mistake. (My own fault!!!) This is a perfect size for what I normally use this tape for and it's just as good as the 1/4&#34; size. The only problem I've run into on the this tape is being able to peel the back off the tape so I can stick it on a surface. I don't have long finger nails so it's hard sometime to get the backing off and instead of the tab the old plastic style tape used to give you to get ahold of the backing these newer tapes make you peel the label off from a cut down the middle and for me that's a bit hard. Otherwise no complains.I have been using Dymo labelers since the 1970's. They have changed a bit over the years. Now everything is electronic and computerized to some degree. Well, these labels are perfect for any application that requires identification. I highly recommend these labels because they break open in the middle from the rear, making them a "snap" to apply.I only wish the label maker itself had better directions on how to install and set up for the various widths of tape available.  But that is no fault of the replacement tape itself.  The lengthwise split in the backing makes removal of the backing VERY easy.  Additionally, it allows the user to stick the label on across only one half of the label first to make sure it's straight and get out any bubbles or creases - then remove the other half of the backing to smooth the label on the rest of the way.  Very good design.Great tape but hard to find.  There are no local retailers selling this product.  Was informed that due to new designs this tape not selling enough to carry on local shelves.  Thank heavens for Amazon.  Wasn't looking forward to having to buy a new label maker just because of obslesence.This was exactly what I had ordered . . . they were set at a great price and with my prime account the value is unbeatable :)A simple cartridge for your Dymo printer that prints black letters on white background. It is 1/2 inch wide and 23 feet long. I like the spilt back that is easy to peel off so you can stick the label quickly.  The Amazon price is very good as it is cheaper with free delivery than our local stores.Although my ordering of this product was totally accidental I decided to keep it since it is such a wonderful product.  I just will not run out of tape for quite a while.  I would highly recommend this product and remember the most expensive label makers are not necessarily the best.2-16-2012I did not open this product right away but when I did I found the incorrect item had been sent not just by one company but two; neither of which are Amazon.com.  I have actually stopped doing business with one company because they would not allow me to return the item.Yeah, it prints just great?!?  It's 4 stars only because I do think it's a touch expensive for printed words on sticky tape, but I'm also not labeling my entire house because... hello... I'm not a weirdo like that.  Just would like my husband to NOT use my back up hard drive.This labeling tape is pretty good, and it is darn near impossible to screw it up: drop it into the label machine, type up your label(s), have it print, then peel off the backing and apply.  I actually love these labels vs. what I have used in the past as it is truly a print, peel, and stick type of label with no mess and crisp, professional-looking fonts.  This tape is also much better than the tape that originally came with the machine as this tape is much longer and will last for a lot more labels.To top everything else off as I type this review, I saved a little over $6 as the price I paid on Amazon was $13.59 vs. $19.99 for the same exact roll at the Office Depot down the street.It arrived right on time. We used it right away & would order again. The cost per labrl is inexpensive.I love my DYMO label machine and have multiple choices of color tapes is perfect for all my various needs.The DYMO D1 labeling tape fit my Dymo Labelmanager Pnp Printer perfectly.  I like the looks of the labels and so far they stick very well in the applications I have found for them.  The tape seems a bit pricy, but not out of line with any other label maker tape.My labeling isn't extensive. I'm not cutting labels every day. But when I do I want to make neat labels that stay. Dymo labeling takes does it in a way very easy to use, is economical and stays put. The back peels off easily and application is nice. If I peel them off they come off clean (so far) without adhesive left behind.Works fine. No problems. Same as the tape that came with the printer but much longer. Easy to peel. Most importantly Amazon's price is six dollars less then my local box store. Now that deserves five stars!The tape is clean looking, prints up nice & stays where you put it. I use it on anything that I want to put the name on. For one spice jars. Files etc.Double check that this is the size you need.I might have gotten other labels for less money, but I must say that these labels have performed flawlessly. I could not take the chance of labels coming off large envelopes, so I paid the premium price.I use these all the time and the value is wonderful as is the convenience of the printer. I use the labels for both business and personalsimply very similar to the one that cost 5 times more! does what it suppose to do for much much less.Using for my business labels...loving this larger size for that purpose.  Lasting a long time too so that's awesome too.I use these labels continuously for shipping Amazon Marketplace items. I never have any feed issues and the consistency of the paper and print are very consistent.  The adhesive on these is very good and will permanently stick on packages, even on top of packaging tape. I would fully recommend this product for anyone wanting to print address labels as well as address labels with return & address on all one, or any other need for larger labels.Nice mouse pad in fire engine red.  since I'm an ex-field artillery officer, I love it too much GI.Gunner  April, 2014It is a basic mouse pad, no frills, just what is expected from a basic model.  Would be nice with a bit more friction to the base of the pad, it will tend to slip around if motivated by the user.I don't have anything bad to say, it works well, it does what it is supposed to, but it is a mouse pad. Enough said.Just the right size for a smaller desk and a bluetooth mouse to sit beside the kid's laptop. Brilliant red. Really good price and saved getting out in the crowds to buy a smaller item. Love the "add-on" feature, but shipping with Prime is free anyway! Bought a few while I was at it, good price, excellent quality.For the price alone I gave this four stars. It is basic old fashioned soft foam with a knit fabric top. The best thing about this pad is the beautiful red color (which is why I ordered it) so if you care about that I recommend it.  If you have an older mouse I think this pad will be fine, but for my optical Logitech M305 the soft material creates a bit of drag, it performs better with the denser, thinner foam and smoother plastic type top.  I have found a good use for it, however, when I travel with my laptop and don't have a table or place to use the mouse. I cut it in half, placing the half on the bottom flat part of my laptop, the softer foam of this pad stays in place better on the laptop.Worth the price I paid for it. Have definitely had and used better mouse pads but this one is not bad at all.The color is almost exactly as shown on the amazon.com site. I thought by the description it would be thicker, but it is better than the free one I got at the bank, yet not the old heavy neoprene style. Still, it does what it needs to do and is so pliable I can fold it and put it in a purse.Lasted only about a month before the edges started coming apart.  After 2 months, it was totally dirty and had to be trashed.  Worst mouse pad I've ever used and that counts the free ones I get at conventions.This mouse pad works great with my optical mouse. It isn't thick and bulky nor is it a slippery vinyl pad. It's the perfect size to sit next to my keyboard along with my bead-filled wrist cushion. It is a COMFORTABLE mouse pad covered with a soft  polyester fabric attached to a non-skid sponge rubber base. The texture provides good control for my mouse. For me, it's the perfect mouse pad, it's a nice color, and the price is right, too!Thiner than any other mouse pad I have bought, but holding up ok so far after 6 months. Pretty cheap price online.Should I be complaining about something that was less than a dollar?Yes, absolutely.The top layer of material, the red layer, is coming off from both the top and bottom of the muse pad after about a week's worth of normal use. The adhesive or bonding process isn't holding the two layers together.The size of the mouse pad is very good.It tends to slide around on my desk with very little effort.Waste of time with this mouse pad. Surprised at the lack of quality from Belkin.This mousepad is very thin and it is a bit clumsy to move around but the product infoon the product page says the top is made of durable polyester, so it might bedurable enough to buy.IT IS JUST SIMPLE MOUSE PAD CAN USE WITH ALL TYPE OF MOUSE.I AM OK WITH IT NO PROBLEM AT ALLBought this for my wife's red laptop.  It matches the computer and it works fine as a mousepad.  Nuff said!This little laminator is super easy to use. Just plug it in, turn it on, and wait for it to warm up. When it is warmed up, it beeps and a light comes on. You are now ready to laminate your cards. This little machine is durable, user friendly, and super easy! I highly recommend this to anyone who wants a quality machine for a decent price.This was delivered without the starter pack and without the carrier. Had no way to try it out. Returned to sender.We purchased this Fellowes Laminator to produce high quality durable laminate tags for our personal sports bags, gun cases and suitcases. This laminator works flawlessly and produces very professional looking laminate tags.I love this little unit. Slim, trim,portable quiet and does the job fast and effectively. I've been laminating EVERYTHING and then some. Laminated proof of insurance certificate, Registrations for cars, boats, motorcycles and waverunners, Medication List & Physicians List cards ( I typed a list of our medications and our doctors names and phone on a business card so I have it handy in case of emergency or filling out forms) Old photos, ID cards, newspaper clippings, prayer cards ( the ones you get from funerals), anything that would be beneficial to protect, I laminated.  It takes just SECONDS to do, and it comes out perfectly every time. Just picked up more business size laminating pouches from my local office supply, and I'm ready for more!For small laminating jobs this is a must. Why spend money and time going to Staples, Office Depot etc. when you can do this job yourself.We bought two of these a year ago. One to have just in case the other gave out. in one year of daily use we still have not had to open the box of the second machine. Like i said we use this thing daily. great product.This is a very cute machine perfect to laminate credit card size documents. Works great and excellent buy. I do recommend for small scale projects.There isn't much one can say about a black mouse pad. The vendor shipped it on time and in adequate packaging. It works well, measuring 8 inches by nine inches and about one-eighth of an inch thick. I have washed it once and it looks like it did when it was new... a very nice, if under-appreciated, mouse pad.I wanted a thin full size mouse pad for traveling. Something that is light weight, fits into a carry bag without taking up a bunch of space, I can fold it, roll it up or whatever and this baby fills my needs exactly. Plus, the mouse glides easily. I can also use it to set a hot cup of coffee on it while sitting at someone else's fine desk. Perfect for me.Great for the money. We like it and the mouse behaves well on it. Small, super lightweight, but rubber back keeps it from moving.Kind of smaller than I would haver preferred, but it does the job. I am getting to the point that I favor the rather larger takes on mouse pads, this one works and seems sturdy enough. 4 Stars.The pad is sort of OK - it's much smaller and thinner than advertised. I would say this is roughly the equivalent of the 79-cent mouse pads I can get at my local dollar store.The product description says the size is 9x8The technical details say the size is 9.5x8The size shipped to me is actually 9x7.75I guess it's kind of a quibble, but the pad I received is smaller than what was advertised.  It's also less than 1/8" thick as well.And, no, I wouldn't buy another.This mousepad has a smooth surface and works great with my mouse. It's nothing fancy but it works and the price is right.I like this mouse pad a lot. It is a very soft fabric that clings to the table, so my mouse doesn't move around much. It has no visible logos on it. I think that's also nice because I find logos can be really distracting. It is a good value at under $4. I would buy this again.  Just attach this add on item to your shopping cart of over $25. I am thinking of getting another one actually.I purchased this mouse pad for playing Starcraft 2 and it works just fine as it provides smooth operation with an Anker Lazer Gaming Mouse.  The mouse pad doesn't move around at all on my desk during frantic game playing and is a good size.  The price of $2.99 (as an adder) can't be beat even though I'm curious as to how long it will last compared to more expensive ones.I was hesitant to buy this after seeing the mixed reviews, but since it was relatively cheap, I decided to try it out. It came packaged with a stiff cardboard backing, so it was flat and didn't have any curling issues some other mousepads have. People have complained that the mousepad was too thin, but on my desk that is not an issue and I actually like how close to the table it lies as opposed to have a thick slab of a mousepad on my desk. I hold my mouse in a claw grip which means I don't put a lot of weight on it, so I haven't noticed any friction issues, but when I switch over to a palm grip (putting the whole hand on the mouse so it does get heavier) I do notice that there is a noticeable amount of friction between the mouse (amazonbasics 3-button mouse) and the mousepad. I am a tad concerned that the cloth portion might fray off of the mousepad, but only time can tell. After a significant amount of usage I'll post an update.I am reordering these mouse pads becuase they are great and simple.  I have purchased about 4 of these so far and love them.We've moved on from the thick mousepads of yesterday and graduated to what's more functional-- thin. You don't hit the edge of the wall on this, and it works great with optical mice. Many thing mouse pads are plastic top and cause issues with optical mice.A good price and works as expected.With the heavy wear that I give a mouse pad, I found that often I would have trouble getting the cursor precisely where I wanted.  Additionally I found it necessary to click several times to get my computer to react.  I had no idea that mouse pads varied in quality, sensitivity and drag.This fellow mouse pad is excellent.  The surface lets the mouse move freely with little drag and I am able to control the cursor.  The trouble with the sensitivity of the "click" was cured with a better mouse.I recommend the fellows mouse pad.  It meets all my requirements.This pad is soft and is this, it's the perfect mouse pad.  The top is fabric but that's great the mouse always works on this.Packaging says that the mouse pad is 50% pre-consumer recycled content, and that the packaging card is 100% post-consumer recycled material.Seems like a decent mouse pad and it'll fit my needs. I have knocked off one star because the pad is black and my other black Fellows mouse pads have-- over time-- become dirty with oil and dusk from hands and fingers. You therefore need to wash them frequently. I don't mean to slight a product because of it's color, but this pad should be available in grey or dark grey.It's a nice, basic mousepad that does the job.  I take it with me on business trips because I prefer using a small mouse with my laptop instead of the fingerpad.  This mousepad is nonslip and durable.the hard plastic back allows me to use the mouse anywhere, couch, leg, arm chair... happy. the little wrist pad is nice as well.We love these and our on our 2nd set of two of these. They last a few years and are good quality. The traction is great, easy use, small but not too small to navigate, and easy on the wrist.TFellowes Gel Mouse Rest and Pad (Sapphire Color)his mouse pad is great, it's wrist pad is just wonderful.  I have arthritis I do not have anymore pain.  I would definitely recommend this item.It works as expected - wonderfully!  I am no going to purchase an ergonomic keyboard and mouse!  The only thing is when I play online games, I have to turn the mouse rest with the wrist rest to the left in order to play appropriately - but I am very happy with the purchase.  Oh, and if you always have had issues with the mouse falling or slipping off of the mouse rest - it will not occur ever again with this purchase!!!!Thank you Amazon!If you spend long hours at your computer this mouse pad will make things a little more bearable.  Very well made. And I found I could reverse it,  front to back, and use it when my wrists were really tired.I don't think you can go wrong with this pad. Well worth the money.Perfect grasping of optical gaming mouse for great dpi sensing.  Also the gel wrest is highly recommended to help curb carpal tunnel syndrome, as it lifts the wrist during repetitive motion.  It might seem a little hard on the wrist at first, but that becomes moot soon enough.Great toner for my work printer.It sure was nice to get the toner cartridge good for 6000 pages rather than 3000 and the same price...goes down as a no brainer!!It's been exactly 2 years (as Amazon.com reminded me) since I last purchased this toner.  (I just reordered.)  I use reams of paper in my work, hence lots of ink, as well.  Never a problem, excellent copy.  I recommend this product highly.I bought it here it was supposed to be NEW and Genuine.But I got an opened unit, NO seal, NO yellow cover, NO instructions, NO orig box, it was just wrapped hastily in bubble wrap (small bubbles single layer) and put in an already used amazon box with cracks.  Upon inspection, the roller was dusty and had hair on it!I left a poor review for the seller, but he begged me to delete the review and for shipping refund. If anything I should have returned the item but I needed to use it.  Upon use it leaked all over the place, I had to spend a long time maintaining the unit and wiping with dry (not wet) paper towels.  It worked for a day and then slowly it leaked all over again!  The fax came in all totally smudged with ink. I thought my machine was old and had a tech come over to look, We replaced the toner and it worked fine, WTH?! I pay good money for bad crap, never again! $65 here vs $99 @ Office Depot, but you get what you pay for!this looks like it's the real thing - Brother made - I have been burned buy knock offs - which don't work or work poorly - thanks Amazon for not selling crapThe HP color printer cartridge prints the colors it is supposed to and is fairly crisp.Long-lasting output, vivid color on multipurpose paper xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxx xxxxx xxxxx xxxxx  xxxxxx  xxx  xxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxx  xxxxxWhat can you say about ink cartridges.  Best value for the money when they are no longer being sold at normal outlets.These inks are great and long lasting. I have been using these on HP3915 printer. I don't use the printer much, and replace them once every year. No smudges/marks and well designed. I have been using HP printers and inks since 1999. Definitely recommend! The reason for 4 stars is it is expensive. The quality is good.A good ink with free shipping availability. I buy ink only with original printer manufacturer brand.I never really like matte inkjet papers or for traditional photo papers either. But I decided to give this a try for a reason that escapes me now. But it was a good  idea. I love this paper. It is matte without too much of a rough texture and then tones are fantastic.MATTE WAS MY PREFERENCE IN TRADITIONAL PHOTOGRAPHY:It has always been my preference to have pictures done on a matte medium.  While using traditional pictures especially if you like I did switched to the APS format, you could no longer get a matte finish.  Since I have gone digital, the only papers, that I have seen have been glossy, so this was a pleasant surprise.A CO-WORKER WHO IS ALSO A PROFESSIONAL PHOTOGRAPHER, INTRODUCED ME TO THIS PAPER:Knowing I used many reams of paper in glossy prints but really liked matte, a co-worker told me of this matte finish ink jet paper and showed me a photo he had done.  Wow!  He had the Epson 890 like I did, so I had to run out and get some of this amazing paper.  His daughter in the photo, was wearing a red dress and it was amazing in depth of color.MY TEST SHOTS WERE PHENOMENAL:I was not dissappointed in the results. Though I have used it only on a couple of shots (I consider my test shots), I was amazed at the crispness of the photo.  Only time will tell how well it lasts.  I plan to subject some to the ultimate test (for me) hung on my office wall without a frame.  I'll write back and tell you how it did.NO GLARE MEANS THE PICTURE JUMPS RIGHT OUT AT YOU:What I particularly like about matte pictures is the lack of glare.  You don't have to get the right angle to view it. Also there is almost a 3D effect since you don't see the surface of the paper to make it flat.  That is really nice.MATTE IS CHEAPER THAN GLOSSY:Matte paper at 50 pages per sheet cost also about the same of 20 sheets of glossy paper.. That too is a good thing.I've used Epson's Premium Glossy, Colorlife and Heavyweight Matte.  The Matte is far cheaper and gives beautiful results.  I've actually found that I like the Matte best for framing.  It has a less reflective surface and looks more 'arty' than photographic. But I wouldn't recommend it for architectural, detailed photographs.  A good benefit of both the Matte and Colorlife is that they have the longest rated life without fading of any paper for use with Epson's dye based printers.Epson makes great printer papers.  I use Epson's matte paper almost as much as the regular inkjet paper.  This paper is made for color presentation and graphic.  I print out my portfolio and sample work with matte paper because it is relatively cheap to the high quality printout.  I use the Epson 820 and the color print matches the monitor colors (98%) almost perfect.For photo prints it is fine, but photos are simultaneous with glossy texture.  If you like glossy photo then this is not the photo paper you would get.  The colors do not jump at you nor have sharp deferential qualities that glossy can produce.  Printing plain texts without color might be too wasteful (costly) for matte paper.  I considered Epson the best in paper qualities over Canon, HP, Kodak and others for the quality/price.  I have switched to the Canon i960 and am still using Epson's paper.  It is that versatile.  I tend to use the harder to find Epson double-side matte paper.When I want a matte paper that is lighter weight than the really heavy photo papers but heavier than the standard grade presentation paper, this is what I use. It produces photos that are crisp and vibrant. There is a lighter version of this, the Epson Presentation Paper, Matte. It produces exactly the same quality prints if you want an even lighter paper than this. I have both versions, this one is 44 lb, the lighter weight version is 27 lb.If you are doing something that requires a little more stiffness to your project, this would work great. If you just need great quality prints on a fairly light paper, go with the 27 lb version.One final note, these are NOT for two sided printing. The back side is a darker shade, and does not have the smooth finish. If you print on the back by mistake it will not turn out well. If I'm working in dim lighting I need to hold a back against a front so I can tell the difference for when I load my printer.I use this paper to print out the original copies of my association newsletter. It makes VERY clear original prints, which then are used to make color copies for our members. Much better than printing on regular inkjet paper. Also, I use it for printing pictures taken in the classroom. The students can cut and mount their pictures when doing writing projects.This is a great presentation paper. Prints on very nice, the color are good and sharp. Usable for many uses. Just make sure your printer is set right.We have used this paper to make brochures for a Real Estate Business.  It does the job well and have not experienced any problems.I have been using this product since its inception and it is perfect for my needsI is a of a heavy enough weight to print fine art photos, yet not so thick my new fancy printer will havea hissy fit over.The colors or black and white look gorgeous on this and they dry very quickly unlike with the glossy kind.when I need to print up some ad material that will be folded these work well.Overall a great product for business or personal use.Highly recommendOnce I set the (Epson Workforce 845) printer to "best photo" quality, it worked well and got intense colors. However, laying down that much ink on the paper made the paper crinkle somewhat from all the liquid.I bought this as an alternative to high priced Canon 13X19 matte paper.  I do a lot of small signs/posters and the paper cost of the Canon stuff was getting prohibitive.  The quality of this paper is OK, heavier than standard paper, and with a smooth finish to make inkjet printing look good.  The thing is, I cut down the price per piece, by also using a lot of white space, from over $2 apiece to about .50, without any real loss of impact.Do not attempt to print photos on this paper, saturated business graphics look good, your vacation shots will not.For the price, give it a try for graphics.I was very happy with this paper.My only issue is you have to be smart enough (which I wasn't ) to figure out which side to print on. One side is white, the other is off-white. If you print on the wrong side it doesn't come out well.Good quality prints at a very good price. Paper strength as disappointing but the images were vivid, but not the best photo qualityI am using a Pro 9000 Mark II and this paper is wonderful for presenting projects that do not require photo paper. I would recommend this to any graphic designer looking to minimize their footprint while not sacrificing the quality of their work. Beautiful prints on plain paper setting with high clarity.Make sure you see which side of the paper you are printing on. It will make a difference in the outcome as this is a one sided presentation paper. The other side has a yellowish tint to it!I use it before printing a photo for a proof. And also to make shooting targets. It prints crystal clear. The price was right. I keep it around for stock for my shop too.This is great for my purposes. I wanted paper that was lighter weight than the heavier matte papers, but I still wanted my photos to be crisp and vibrant. I am doing fliers with photos, and this paper is absolutely perfect! This is the Presentation Paper, Matte, and it prints EXACTLY like the 'Premium' (heavyweight) version. I have both versions, and I love both, but sometimes I don't want or need the weight or expense of the heavier papers. This one is 27 lb, the premium version is 44 lb. Both are great quality, and prints look exactly the same on both. The only difference is the weight.One final note, these are NOT for two sided printing. The back side is a darker shade, and does not have the smooth finish. If you print on the back by mistake it will not turn out well. If I'm working in dim lighting I need to hold a back against a front so I can tell the difference for when I load my printer.I bought these by mistake ... must have been distracted, I thought I was buying photocopy paper. Anyway, I kept them and i'm sure they will come in handly for something in the future. They seem to be of good quality. If you are looking for Matte Presentation Paper, you will probably be happy with this product.Really nice paper. Has good color and sharp words. Works great for pamphlets and many other uses. Be sure you printer is set wright for this paper and the results are great.I bought these from Ink Express (R S I Inc.)here on amazon. They appear to be OEM canon cartridges but they are not in a blister pack as illustrated on amazon, just 2 cartridges in a little plain brown box with an Ink Express label. Each cartridge has its plastic wrapper intact. I installed the first one in my printer. Hopefully it will be fine.I only use genuine canon cartridges so I would feel better if they came in the canon blister pack as shown on amazon but I decided not to return them. I see that today they are being offered by another seller and Ink Express does not have any more for sale. It makes me wonder where these come from or how long they have been sitting around.I had picked up another canon cartridge from a well-known online auction site and it had very old canon labeling. I contacted canon and they said the cartridges do not become outdated and it was safe to use. However it lasted a lot shorter than my ink tanks usually do. Just a few words to the wise.it's ink...from canon.  Works perfectly as it is intended.Please don't buy and review things and be stupid about them.  Ie., if you don't want to spend money for ink...don't buy printers.  We all know how much inks costs...or relatively so.I love buying the canon 4 packs when I start running out of ink.I bought the pack when my magenta indicator was active and just waited.  Then it seemed like cyan followed a short while later, and then yellow and black are still waiting to join the group ;).Canon products are the best, from camcorders, cameras, scanners, printers and ink.  I have the Canon HV20, CanoScan5000f, and Canon i850.These cartridges always worked perfectly in my Pixma 5000 photo printer.  This printer finally died because of rough handling during a move.  If it hadn't been dropped, it would still be going strong today!  The most durable and reliable printer I have ever owned.  Tried third party cartridges, but they were terrible.  Always stick with the Canon cartridges and your printer will last longer and print perfectly.The ink tank arrived on time and in good condition. It prints well even on the lowest-quality printer setting (no streaks, stray marks, etc.). It is easy to install and to replace when necessary.These inks are inexpensive and a great value for your dollar.  Only buy authentic ink as some generic inks will smudge or damage your printer.  I have used Canon brand ink for years and have nothing but satisfaction for them.  Quality is consistent and is a trusted brand worldwide.I have an old Canon i550 which uses the BCI-3e ink cartridges. FYI, should Canon discontinue this 4-color 3e series, I found BCI-6 cartridges (BCI-6C-6M-6Y) fits and works great without any problem. Thank you Amazon, for providing the inkjet replacement information check list.I am always wary of ordering ink for my printer online. According to reviews, what is shown is not always what is received. These were factory sealed exactly as shown in the picture, original Canon. Very happy.I have been using Canon inks and printers for years and awhile back, I decided to try out some of those generic ink tanks and ink kits (you know, the ones with the syringes?). Both ruined my printer, after awhile. They seem to work initially, but you can tell the colors are off. Sure, the generic inks are so much cheaper, but the costs of getting a new printer are going to make up for those few $ you saved on ink. Trust me on this one, buy Canon OEM cartridges!We all know by now that printer manufacturers made 90% of their money on ink. In fact, I think I just saw a WSJ review that said that 60% of all HP profits came from ink. I believe it - even if I misquoted it. Whether Canon or HP, this stuff is expensive, especially if you print photographs, and especially if they're 8x10s. (Add another 50 a sheet for the Canon glossy paper!) As careful as I am in selecting such photos, I replace the black cartridge about once a month; the cyan, yellow, etc. about every 3 months.Quality is great, as good as HP. (Others have been inconsistent.) But the price is ridiculous especially since I return the empty cartridges, so I've spent $25 on maybe 4 ounces of ink. I'm seriously thinking of trying the refill services. New printers are cheap...I have had a Canon S630 for over a year now, and I love it. After having problems with Epson and HP printers, I tried the Canon and was astonished with the print quality. The only down side is I got my S630 before they came out with the larger format version, which I would have wanted. Certainly not Canon's fault there. I have printed 8x10s from a 2 megapixel Olympus digital camera, and was pleased with how close it came to 35mm for the price. Since 35mm has considerably more resolution than 2 megapixels, obviously there is a clear difference. However, this printer did a fine job of substituting for the One Hour Photo average picture taking level, and has saved me a ton of money.I also do not recommend generic or refill inks for printers, as I had an HP printer ruined by them. I prefer the separate tanks for each color as well, for the simple fact that they don't make you waste ink. I have gotten over 40 8x10s out of one set of ink tanks, but it varies widely with color saturation and picture content, so I don't think it is possible to give any accurate figures for usage. Another plus for Canon is that the print head is not a part of the ink cartridge, so you don't have to pay to replace that every time you replace ink tanks, unlike some other brands of printers. While there may be some value to that kind of system, Canon's system is less expensive to the user.The ink doesn't seem to dry out very fast with long periods of inactivity, although it is better for the printer to use it regularly. I also like the fact that the low ink warnings give enough time so that one can plan one's usage carefully to maximize what you have left and not run out of a color in the middle of a critical print.Much to my dismay, this more expensive branded ink works considerably better than the inexpensive stuff.  I've tried both -- the knock off brands tend to run a little more, and they also smudge when they get at all damp.  The Canon inks print more crisply and hold onto the paper better.For draft printing, the knockoffs are fine, but otherwise, go with the Canon inks.Although the cartridges look like genuine Canon, they did not come in the Canon packaging shown in the illustration---which I find worrisome.The price I paid ($27) I paid is the price of fresh genuine virgin Canon, not the price of a cheap refills, OEM, 3rd-party cartridges, counterfit cartridges, or out-of-date repackaged cartridges.Amazon promptly offered a full refund (if I ship the cartridges back), but that really doesn't solve the issue.I suggest contacting the seller and asking for assurance that the product is fresh virgin original Canon cartridges in original Canon packaging before purchasing.I love the canon Ink it works good and it does clog up your printers gives you beautiful photos I will never change this brand Thanks again amazon for another job well doneOur printer is listed on this package, however it is cleary the wrong cartridge.  Ours uses the 220 which is shorter.  Rather than trust the package check your cartridge prior to ordering.  The number is clearly visible.I really like this label maker. I also have another similar model. The only bad thing I have to say about this is the tapes are expensive and can be hard to find. This unit also comes with a shorter "starter" cartridge instead of a regular one. I couldn't find the black on white tape on Amazon.com (sold by Amazon.com), but unless you label a lot the tapes will probably last awhile. I also like the QWERTY keyboard on this unit.UPDATE 2008-12-30:Batteries: I just bought a PT-80. The PT-65 uses 6 AA batteries while the PT-80 only uses 4 AAA batteries. I think the 6 AA battery requirement for the PT-65 is a bit much, especially if you don't print that many labels (like me). One or two of the batteries (Rayovac Alkaline) in my PT-65 ended up leaking.Another minor issue may be the amount of blank tape at each end of the label seems a but wasteful and excessive.I think I will like my new PT-80 even more, so check into that model.I purchased this little machine about 10 years ago. I really needed one for a few quick labels. It was cheap and since I didn't think I would be using it for a long term I would try it. I did buy several replacement tapes at the time ( I was positive I would not be able to get any in 6 months) Well it is at least 10 years, The machine works as well as it did new and labels are still available. If I had a need for one I would not hesitate spending what they are asking for this one. A trick I've learned  is to run the front of the tape gently across your thumb and a dull knife then flip the label over and with a bit more pressure run the tape on the paper side. Like curling ribbon, but not as much pressure. It works like magic. Any stiff, smooth, straight edge will do. If you are in need of one of these I highly recommend this one. I have gone through about 25 tapes, the cutter still works like it is supposed to. I'm not sure how many labels you can get out of a refill but they seem to last forever. I just popped the last one in my machine, so I am replacing my stock. I will only buy 2 this time because they seem to be available. I will look to brother the next time I need a machine that they make. I am no longer angry about the 6 month old typewriter I couldn't get a ribbon for 30 years ago lol.I bought this model over others mainly because of its low price (I paid $10 bucks with no rebate hassles).  It turned out to be a decent buy but it becomes obvious that the low inital price will eventually be offset by the high price of label cartridges.*** Plus Points Include ***- Easy to use though you will have to read the short manual to understand how to change the font, print size, etc.- Decent size that is portable yet still highly usable- Good quality print with a reasonable amount of fonts and borders- Replacement cartridges have a variety of colored labels to chose from.*** Negative points are: ***- It does not take laminated labels so the labels are for indoor use only.- The labels are always printed with a huge gap at the beginning and end so it wastes a lot of label space (and thus it eats up label cartridges).- The batteries are a real pain to remove because they are staggered on top of each other- If you print 2 line lables you cannot change the fonts or size- As other users have mentioned, it is not easy to separate the label from its backing.All in all this is not a bad label maker for people who need something cheap and easy for the occasional label or 2 but if you are obsessive-compulsive or need to print a ton of labels you are probably better off spending a few bucks more on something that wastes less of its label cartridge.This little baby works great for labeling just about anything.  The interface is intuitive and easy to use, the print options are pretty good for an inexpensive machine, and print quality is superb.  The only thing keeping this from garnering 5 stars is the printed label backing.  Although it sticks great to just about anything, it can sometimes be a challenge to remove the backing from the tape.I love my label-maker and can't imagine life without it. I label Rubbermaid totes, charging cables, A/V equipment, boxes, leftovers for the freezer, etc...and the tape always sticks to everything. The only thing I don't like is the wasted space before and after the printed text, but it's not enough to keep me from giving this baby five stars.I love the QWERTY keyboard. There's enough variety in printing (sizes, special characters, outlines, etc.) to keep things interesting, and it's fairly easy to understand without having to resort to the instructions each time. That said, I'm fairly bland with it and pretty much use one or two main settings all the time.I have had this labeller for several years, and never had the label tape bind up. The unit is easy to use--hitting the function keys allows you to change print size, and there is a cutter on the side to dispense the label when printed. The previous entry stays on the screen for printing multiple copies. It's a useful device for labeling food bags in the freezer, making file folder labels, and any number of things that I used to label with the old embossing type label tape. The batteries seem to last plenty long (it takes AA's.) No complaints here, priceworthy and works well.We owned another labeler made by Dymo and were not very happy with it.  The keys were laid out alphabetically rather than QWERTY style and typing felt unnatural.  We also could not find any store that carried blank label cartridges - even the store we bought it from (Best Buy) didn't.  We had to order them directly from the manufacturer and probably paid more than we needed to.Although the old labeler still works, we decided to purchase this one.  It is a much better product.  The keypad is easy to use and the unit has some great features built into it. I like the fact that you can change fonts, or frames  and can print on a variety of colors.  The labels seem to stick much better than the Dymo brand labels we used before.  They adhere to surfaces that I couldn't get cellophane tape to stick to. Almost every office supply or electronic store seems to sell the label cartridges in several colors and sizes.I only have two negative comments about this unit.  First, sometimes it is hard to peel the back off of the label.  You have to try to get your fingernail or similar object between the backing and the label and this is often difficult to do.  Second, it needs SIX AA batteries to run. If you print a lot of labels you're going to be buying a lot of batteries.  I wish that they could have designed it to run off of an AC power source also.Despite these negatives, I think that this is great product.  It works well, is compact, and is reasonably priced.My husband bought this so he could label his files at work (since even HE can't usually read his own writing). One day, he brought it home so he could print labels while watching TV. Silly man. I started using it to make labels, and he's never been able to get it away from me.In the kids' rooms, I used it to label toy shelves and drawers so that even my pre-schooler knew where to put away his clean clothes. That was almost a year ago, and the labels have stayed in place through countless grubby fingers grabbing at them, as well as countless times I've scrubbed away at the marks those grubby fingers leave.In the kitchen, I didn't stop at labeling cannisters or jars. I labeled drawers, shelves and cupboards, too! Now, neither my husband nor the kids have an excuse to avoid emptying the dishwasher, because they know where everything goes! As in the kids' rooms, the labels have stayed put and held up to repeated cleanings.In the guest room, where the lightswitch operates three separate lights and a ceiling fan, I labeled the switch plate so my guests don't have to waste time flipping switches to find the one they want to turn on or off. Numerous visitors have commented on how helpful this has been, particularly when they're groggy in the morning.Of course, it's been essential in the storage room where clearly-written labels have saved us hours of hunting around in boxes and bins. I even labeled spots on my husband's tool bench. Now when I borrow a pair of pliers or screwdriver he's no longer complaining that I don't return it to the right place.This product is sturdy, too. My 5-year-old has taken a turn printing up labels and yanking out the tape. Although the tape has jammed in there a few times when he's done this (and I'm fairly certain any label-maker's tape would do the same thing), it's been a cinch to get straightened out. It's even survived being dropped on the floor a number of times.I am impressed, and I'm also addicted to this thing. Naturally, my friends and family members all teased me over my addicition... until I gave them each one. Now they're addicts, too!The PT-65 has become a lifesaver in my workplace.  Since I work with Nortel phone systems, life can get pretty wild when you have a load of phones to punch down on blocks that go to different wings of a building.  I carry the PT-65 with me to new job sites and label each punch-down block so that I can easily keep track of what goes where.  Also, the labels look very professional when placed on folders in the office.Overall, this labeler is quite easy to use and very convenient to carry around from job to job.  I'm sure it works great with computers, filing systems, and even baseball card collections as well.This is a nice labeler.  I got it as a present more than a year ago and have found that it has so many uses.  I label everything with it.  I can choose different type styles and sizes.  I can underline and choose a frame.  I can even check the length of the label before I print it.The labels are waterproof.  I've labeled ice packs that I keep in the freezer and send to school with my kids.  I've also labeled food containers that end up in the dishwasher.  The labels do not come off when wet, not even in the dishwasher.There are so many uses for this labeler.  It's a great buy.Excellent product! This is one of the first electronic devices that gets my &quot;thumbs up!&quot; within the first day of using it! And it get addicting making labels, for this thing here, that thing there. Fun and easy!Excellent design, very comfortable to hold in your hand with a good weight/balance [not too heavy, not too light] and good size. The buttons are not too small and the arrangement of the buttons are easily accessible and easy to learn.Excellent accessories with different types of ink/tapes and sizes! Very good printout of labels, quick and no jamming! and easy to cut. Wonderful smoothness and professional look to the labels. Good stickiness to objects too [plastic, metal, leather, paper], waterproof as well.I would recommend this 100%, Brother's has created a product that is affordably cheap and easy to use, fun and reliable. Nothing to complain!Bic Pens: from plain (like these) to "fancy", they write, they write, they write -- they are inexpensive, seem to last a looong time, and create GREAT multiple copies because you press em as hard as you want and they write, they write, they write.Best little pen I ever had. Use em far more often than I use my Parkers (which I also love)36 pens with 2-day Amazon Prime delivery? Yes please! Seriously though, these are just what you expect: good old Bic ball point pens. Prices seem to vary on this product, so I'd suggest browsing through the various sizes/colors to find the current best deal.If your looking for cheap then this is what you need to get, If your looking for fancy and attractive this is not it for you.  I'm sure every one has used normal bic pens before, they are exactly the same as the one you normally used.  I personally don't mind  using them, I live with a few people in my house and my pens tend to get lost  quite often. They normal everyday pens.I have several friends who are servers at my favorite restaurant. They go through a lot of pens - customers take them, bussers toss them, they drop them, etc.  This package, as an 'add-on' item, cost under 10 cents per pen so I ordered two and took them in.  BIC pens are pretty reliable for taking orders and are cheap enough they don't mind putting them down with credit card receipts.Used to purchase pens from costco and sams club but they wouldn't write on paper when written on top of glass. these bic pens always work the best and the blue was just cheaper but is more vibrant color so works out well when signing paperworkI think we've all used these pens for thousands of years, or so it seems!  This is usually one product on which you can count, to not leak all over the place and still write nicely, and for a long time.  However, I noticed that they're now made in Mexico.  Why on earth?  Bic, you need to come back home to make these.  Other than that, highly recommend!Indeed, as another reviewer has stated, these pens have been around for almost ever.  There of course is a reason for this...actually several reasons.  First they are quite inexpensive.  Second, they actually write.  Third they are available anywhere. Forth, they do no leak.  They last quite a long time.  And finally, they are not unpleasant to write with.I substitute teach which means I can be in a 3rd grade class one day and in an advanced high school class the next...I never know.  I carry a very large canvas pouch with me stuffed with stuff.  I always carry at least two or three packs of these pens with me as invariably, sure as the sun rises, there will be at least one or two kids who forgot their pen or pencil (I always keep several packages of pencils too...but that is for another review).  I have also noted that some classes and some students will actually try to take advantage of a substitute teacher and their third favorite request the instant the bell rings is "can I go to my locker...I forgot my pen."  Ha...I have the little twerps! And I don't even have to be mean about it like I do with the endless bathroom and drink requests.Anyway, these pens work great.  They do not leak all over the place and smudge.  If the student forgets to return the pen...which often happens, I am not out a lot of money and they are less likely to steal them as they do not really look all that cool nor do they have a lot of whistles and bells on them.As an additional advantage, I do not mind writing short notes with them myself, and I am one of those people who are constantly misplacing pens all over the house and at my desk.  I have found that even I have trouble loosing these things if I buy them a dozen at a time.  Anyway, they write smoothly and get the job done.Like another reviewer here, I am not all that happy about these not being manufactured in this country anymore and think it is a shame...but what are you going to do?  I guess it is worth it if we can make the fat cats fatter. I will note that when the company changed the manufacturing location, to save money I presume, I certainly did not see the price of these things, cheap though they  may be, going down any, for us, the consumer.Be that as it may, I certainly can recommend these things.  They do what they were meant to do.Don BlankenshipThe OzarksWhat can one say about these pens? They're about the most basic pens imaginable. They have a plain, cylindrical body, a thoroughly unsophisticated plastic cap, and the whole assembly is the same color as the ink contained within. They won't win any beauty contests, but they do put ink on paper, and they do it cheaply. Isn't that what really counts at the end of the day?One minor complaint I have about these pens is that the caps tend to crack if you put them on tightly. Other than that, these are perfectly adequate and the price really can't be beat.I LOVE LOVE LOVE these! This is my Second Order of these which I have placed! When I find something that works as nice and well as These Do, I am a Very Happy Camper! These are really Good Quality Pens and they last! I have really gotten tired of purchasing pens that run out of ink, with very little use. I would recommend these pens to anyone who journals, does a lot of writing, or simply needs a pen that is Reliable and great to use! I would have rated these a TEN if there were more stars! Thanks BIC and AMAZON! These were a Great Deal and well worth purchasing!Good pens and the price is right. I don't like to pay an extreme price for pens but i expect them to work. These fill the bill nicely.You get what you pay for.  Cheap is cheap.  Sometimes they work, sometimes they don't.  But to hand out to clients that will not return, it's perfect, that was we don't lose our better pens.I got these for a steal on Amazon sometime after Thanksgiving. These BICs are my favorite pens to use, even if they aren't too fancy. Overall, I love these, and I will probably buy a million more of them in my lifetime.We all are familiar with the Bic round stic pens, with the white barrel, medium or fine points.  I decided to buy this 60 pack when I saw that the pens had a new design.  It says white barrel in the description, but I hoped to get this new color.  Luckily I did.  The pen now comes in a clear blue tinted barrel so you can see the ink inside, and it looks more interesting than the traditional white.  But, I think the pen would benefit a lot more if they added a grip to it.  It still feels about the same as the old barrels.They write the same as always, too.  Not as good as the Cristal pens, but decent.  The Cristal pens have a wider point or something, even though these are both labeled as medium points.  If you want a basic blue ballpoint, this is it.These were being offered when school was starting for most as an add on option that Amazon now offers with their sellers.  We got a great deal and a good amount of them when they were offered.  The spiral didn't unwind like some of lesser quality do.  We use these spirals for work, school and home use.What can i say it is a notebook with paper in it. It does what it is intended to do. I gave it 4 stars because i don't like red. Well thats not the notebooks fault it is mine. Maybe i am being picky, do you think?but it also has to be affordable.  We have order many of these notebooks to use as a journal for our clients to use.  it's a great product and will continue to order as needed.This purchase is such a no brainer.  Note that Amazon only lets you buy a total of three of these, but it can help you make the $25 free shipping threshold.  At present, these are going for 45 cents versus the 51 cents I paid.  You cannot purchase these in the grocery store for that price, which is where I usually get them.  I go through these notebooks regularly, using them for shopping lists and planning events.  Okay, I'm getting to the point that at times I have to write things down because I can't remember them otherwise.  You say, why not post its?  Yes, I use those too, but occasionally the project is much more than a post it can handle.  For instance, when I go away for one or two weeks, there are a number of things I have to remember to do during the seven days before I leave.  So, I dedicate a page for each day and write down the things that have to be done.  Similarly, Thanksgiving is coming up.  For the two weeks prior, I have a ton of things that need to be done before T Day, and then each day I check off the things as they are completed.  Never mind Christmas.  You get the idea.  I don't care about whether there is a particular quality to the paper or whether the perforation is perfect.  The pages are torn out as tasks are completed.  And yes, I have even given them to my grandkids for their school projects, with no complaints.it takes notes, uses standard paper and generally does what a notebook should. What more is there to say about a note book.I bought a whole case of these Mead spiral notebooks for my kids.  The pages are thin, they aren't perforated, but the price was right (back to school sales) and I'm not expecting much for school notebooks.  My biggest qualm is the wire spiral eventually getting tangled around the holes on the left edge.  It's not neat and pretty after a while and the covers don't sit well then.  They do start out looking nice and I'm not really complaining.The pages are wide-ruled, good for elementary school kids.  Both of my kids use them and they don't have any issues with them.For the price, surprisingly decent notebooks, arrived in just a few days (from MeadWestvaco), and no qualms with the paper quality etc. Will buy again whenever I need economical notebooks.i finally have a book that i write all my lyrics and poems :)  &#60;3  yippy its a great :)My notebook with a bluish-purple cover arrived within several days of placing the order. The price alone for this notebook is good, but when you consider free delivery, it's an even better deal. I always like having spare notebooks around in case I need notebook paper or a student needs paper. The paper is wide ruled for those who like that configuration. Pages aren't perforated for easy removal, but at this price point it can't be expected.This notebook has the SFI, certified sourcing emblem on the cover.I've ordered several of these Mead Spiral notebooks from Amazon. They are affordable and always ship quickly, arriving in pristine condition. Colors are variable. Nothing out of the ordinary here, just a notebook you could buy at a store, but it's nice to have it delivered without paying more rather than having to buy it at the store. Another advantage is that you can have them shipped in bulk. I tend to go through a lot of notebooks and I've been pleased with the service ordering through Amazon. I recommend it.The real deal.  This is the actual Scotch brand double stick tape.  The vendor sent it out quick.  Very pleased.Great tape that I've been using for years. Not sure what to say except its a great deal for the price and holds up incredibly well. We use it all the time around here for crafts, scrapbooking and more!Ordered this to secure my headphone ear pads. Works well, does the job. There is a protective leader for the first several inches. Tear that off and the rest of the tape is unbacked, double sided with adhesive.I bought the Scotch Double Sided Tape to put up posters. I'm very happy with how well it works. The adhesive on both sides of the tape is very strong, so the tape will hold very well.It is almost completely see-through despite being coated with adhesive on both sides of the tape. This makes it ideal on clear plastic where it should be almost invisible.The length of tape is only 250" (6.3 m) long, so these are pretty expensive! Apart from the price, the Scotch Double Sided Tape is perfect.I have been using this 2 sided-tape for longer than I'd like to admit.  It is a staple, go-to item with so many uses.I just barely missed out on Scotch's new mounting tape, which more readily can be taken off most surfaces without residue or remnants of its backing.This is essential, for any time you move or otherwise have a reason to take down something from your wall, it leaves a mess that you have to scrub with the abrasive side of a kitchen sponge.Having stated that objection, Scotch's 1/2" Mounting Tape has plenty of uses:  It is great for those stubborn posters that refuse to stay up when you refuse to mar your walls with thumb tacks.I've used this product (and other sizes as well) for putting up a simple dry erase board with a cardboard backing.  It gives me space to write calendar urgencies upon a wall in an affordable way.It does not (nor do the instructions imply that it does) work with heavy pictures or mounting other heavy wall objects.Seeing the improvements made for its newest addition, this old product version will do the trick, but the newest version is most desirable (particularly for landlords and perfectionistic homeowners) for changing or taking down mounted products.Cut to the chase . . . this product works well.  Only a little dab will do you.  If you use too much tape you will have a hard time trying to remove what you put up there on the wall etc.  You only need a small quantity to do a great job of holding something to a clean surface.  I highly recommend this and most all 3 M products.Perfect size for hanging lightweight objects. 1/2" wide and just 1/16" thick, this is ideal for office projects like securing whiteboards or wall-mounted file pockets (like these:Rubbermaid Three-Pocket File Folder Organizer, Plastic, 13 x 3.5 x 11.5 Inches, Clear (96050ROS).  No more cutting chunky doublestick tape down to size:  this is neat, clean, and easy.  Rated to hold up to 2 pounds.This mounting tape works very well to walls or smooth surfaces.It can hold posters, post cards and other not too heavy papers and decorations.Scotch is a good reputable name whose products are good quality and reliable.This tape is another fine dependable product.The other day I needed to mount a paper towel holder in my kitchen.  I have had a hard time in the past trying to drill into our kitchen cupboards, so I used this tape instead.  I was only able to use 2 small pieces about 1 inch each in length.  It has now been up all week!  I am impressed.  Most of the time I usually thing that tape is just tape and I've had mixed experiences with tape of this type. But, with this tape I am pleased!This stuff works really well.  I only put on things that I plan on leaving up for a long time/permanently - so unfortunately, I can't comment on stuff left up for longer than 6 months since I just got it ( maybe update later).  For temporary items, I use the temporary "command" strips from 3M which allows me to peel stuff off walls without damage.  This product is supposed to be permanent, so there is no guarantee it won't damage your walls.  I use it to hold a metal towel hook to wood drawer.This can come in handy for different home projects and decorating. For example, I decorated a huge bathroom mirror with small framed pictures using this double sided tape, it looked great. Perfect when you can't or don't want to ruin a wall with a nail.  I also decorated the ceramic tile backsplash in the kitchen with the same sort of small framed pictures.  The tape is not too hard to remove from the glass/mirror/tile surfaces but expect some difficulty when removing from painted walls.  A little sanding of the residue is needed.I have glassed and framed art on my walls that were mounted using this tape and have been holding fast for six years.  It is an excellent product that does exactly what it says.  Be aware that its use should be considered permanent.  I have not found anything that will removed the remnants of adhesive and foam from either the wall or the mounted item when I've re-located or removed whatever the tape is holding up.Use brand names for tape.  Do not skimp.I am a cheap skate but I offer this advice from experience.I used this product to hang large posters on my workplace walls for a party. It holds well even on textured surfaces and comes off cleanly.  Best of all, I was able to remove the foam tape from the posters without tearing them so I could store gem for use in hue future.Its tape!I haven't used this a lot yet, but, based on my fairly small sample of experience, this product is a lot stronger than other mounting tape I've tried.  We used it putting up posters at a fundraising event and it did an outstanding job - even on a brick wall.  It gripped the wall and the posters very well.  It didn't take a great deal of length to hold bulky and moderately heavy posters.  Pretty much exactly what you're looking for from a product like this.While the mounting of objects on walls is a great use for double-sided tape, its unintended uses are also very practical.Being able to "test-fit" components with this type of tape before final (glued) assembly is particularly handy. Just be aware that the tape can pull off the top surface of any "layered" material.You can attach a fairly heavy object anywhere you want on a smooth, strong surface. An open-end wrench from a "Model-T" is currently attached to my toolbox fascia, strictly for aesthetic purposes.Most often, I use it for securing small rubber feet/pads at the bottom of items that live on tabletops, as well as securing shims of wood, cork, plastic, cardboard, metal, rubber, etc. onto the bottom of uneven items.If you need to re-attach or re-orient an object that had a single-use, "peel-off" sticky surface originally applied, this tape is your friend. The most common usage in that category is the "deer whistles" re-attachment on my car's front bumper. I always seem to find them on the ground where I park. Take the time to remove any residual gunk with a Goo-Gone/Dissolve-it -like solvent, and then some alcohol to get rid of any oily film, first.Just appreciate that this tape is permanent in the sense that disassembling the pieces it connects may damage them. You need to "pry" things off very slowly and carefully. It is also almost structural at the scale of flimsy plastic components, which seems to describe most objects these days.There is another variant - "Heavy Duty" double-sided tape (colored red, rather than white) for more massive items and those that you'd prefer to not ever come loose. It works almost like an epoxy. I used some most recently for attaching a rubber/foam door seal (intended for a garage door's bottom edge) as a threshold on a tile floor - 1 year on and it's still holding.Also, don't throw the packaging away, since it lists the strength of the adhesive, which is very convenient when you want to calculate how much to use. 1" wide tape is also available.This product is an indispensable item in my toolbox/fabrication drawer. I don't use much, but even a small piece is oftentimes invaluable.Scotch is the brand I usually buy when looking for tapes.  I have bought the two sided tapes for years now, for both business and personal needs.  The early lesson I learned was to make doubly sure that you mount to a surface where you won't want to remove the item from later.  If you mount a picture to a painted wall, for example, and then remove it the paint will most likely comme off with the tape.  This tape here is clearly called "Permanent" for good reason.I use this tape for attaching to surfaces that are not smooth... like the dash of my car or the fabric on my cub wall...  so far it is a permanent hold and appears to want to stay that way.  But please keep in mind that this is a permanent adhesive.  Removal of this tape at best will leave a difficult to reove residue.  Mlre often it will damage the surface... permanet implies forever, so if you use it in that manner you will be satisfied.I perhaps have a strange use for this product. I have a size 9 1/2 foot, and it's wider than most shoes of that size at a 5E. Add to that, my size makes it difficult to tie shoes directly, so I tie them before I put them on, and use a shoe horn.  The problem is the tongue of the shoe can get pushed into the shoe, slipping it on this way, and then the fit is wrong.  I've tried to tie the strings to keep the tongue in place, but this had mixed benefits. I decided to try this two-sided tape, and it works great.  I cut about two, one inch pieces, put them on the top of the tongue, and stuck them to the shoe top from within.  The stick works pretty well and so I no longer have the problem.I believe the sticking power will also work in hanging some of my anime posters that tend to come down with regular tape.  I might try this on some hooks as well, but I believe 3M has a better product for that application.  This is not going to be much use for a carpet, windows, or larger applications, you don't get a lot of tape in the roll, and it's white, not clear, so unless hidden behind the use, you can see it.  All in all though a good product, I'll definately want to get some more.I remember learning, back in 1st or 2nd grade, how to make standard scotch tape in to double sided tape by just making a loop. That lesson is probably the most-used lesson from that time in my life and I still use that trick on a somewhat regular basis. Scotch Mounting Tape steps things up a couple of notches. Since receiving this tape I have used it to secure a large calendar to my desk, hand a couple of light pictures, and to hold display bottles in place at a chocolate fair.It's light, inexpensive, durable and is handy to have around.Easy to use mounting tape - easy to cut to exact size.  I've used it to mount my wireless router to the wall and it's been holding up for three months with no problems.  I'll update if it falls, but so far, so good.Used for the right applications, this is a great product.  I wouldn't use it for mounting anything where a nail or screw is the usual holder, though.  This is just great for very lightweight objects or for holding heavier objects steady (where the tape is not actually supporting the *weight* of the object).  For example, I have a heavy mirror mounted to my bedroom door by over-the-door hooks.  Every time the door was closed, the mirror would swing behind, clapping against the door when it stopped.  But by putting a square of Scotch's "mounting tape" behind each corner, the mirror stays firmly against the door (even with raucous kids running in and out).  The great thing about this tape is that the foam layer helps compensate for a small amount of surface irregularity on the object or mounting surface.The package directions specify to use four inches of tape for each half pound of object weight, to a maximum of two pounds.  For heavier applications, consider using Scotch'sexterior mounting tape, which is rated at being able to hold up to five pounds.For best adhesion and performance, really mash the tape in well, smoothing it all over, then apply very firm pressure against the mounted object over each point where you applied tape.  Consider cleaning the wall with alcohol before applying tape to remove any oily residue from household cooking (even if it's not in the kitchen).Works absolutely great for hanging all sorts of things on the wall. I'll be concerned if I have to remove it at a later period, but for now, everything I put up remains there. It's truly a a wonderful product, and great to have on hand.3M's Scotch is THE brand to look for all your mounting needs.  I've used their mounting sprays, "invisible" tape, and for commercial applications (mounting permanent signs) with their 3M VHB foam tape.  Each serves its unique purpose.For this tape, its ideal for posters, plaques, signs, and some lightweight picture frames.  When mounting an item, you can remove/reposition (for perfectionists like me, this is a huge plus!).  Let it sit for a while and it becomes more permanent.  Keep in mind that this is just foam tape, and not ideal for holding very heavy items.  3M recommends that the items you mount not exceed 2 lbs.  If you need to mount something heavier, and more permanent, consider 3M's VHB (very high bond) tape (which is also very expensive!), or silicone caulking (can be found at most home improvement stores).This is a useful item to have in the household drawer. Just don't expect it to hold anything on a wall other than very lightweight items (like paper). The adhesive just isn't very strong.This mounting tape (double-sided) is very strong. I was able to hang a mid-size picture frame or a clock using this and is still standing fine for more than a month now. However, be cautious about the paint - some paint layers can rip due to the weight. Depending on the paint and number of layers you have, you may have to scrap some paint off before hanging things using this tape.This is useful and highly adhesive mounting tape that can be used for a number of applications. I found it useful for mounting posters, but it has a number of other applications as well. It offers a good amount for the price.This Scotch mounting tape is sticky enough to hold heavier items, but it also removes easily without taking the finish with it. For heavier items, I put more on the back of the wall hanging, or object, and on lighter items I use less. Also, it really sticks to ceramic, even if it has a glossy glaze! Some mounting tape is not gonna stick to slick surfaces no matter how much you use, but with this product, only one two-inch strip firmly held tiles I mounted above our cooktop. Midstream, I decided I wanted the tiles in a different arrangement, and it was easy to lift them off the wall, without tearing the paint, and move them. (I think when dry, and "set" they might not be so easy to move, because the tape is so sticky, so we'll see.) Excellent, effective, and easy to use product! Recommended.I've purchased a wider version of this tape to re-affix a soap/shampoo dispenser in the shower. It worked well even in that damp environment, loosing only after 2 years.This narrower size is proving very handy around the office. For example, I needed to to attach an incoming mail container on the edge of my bookcase, and this tape worked perfectly.Not much else to say. The tape is handy and easy to cut for custom fits; the protective paper peels off easily!I have used this product in both in the tape and squares form for many years.  I live in California where we get many little earthquakes, and I have grandchildren who occasionally slam doors, so anything hanging on the walls could shift. I can't stand having mirrors, pictures, clocks, etc. hanging crooked.  I hang the object with a picture-hangar which holds the weight, but always put mounting tape at two corners which holds the frame straight on the wall. This mounting tape is permanent - so place it where you want it to stay.  I would never put it on the back of a clock, for instance, if the battery will need changing once a year.  I have found it takes patience to remove it from any surface.  This product is also useful for mounting on surfaces that cannot tolerate a nail or screw hole.  Scotch mounting tape is part of my tool box arsenal.There is not too much to say about mounting tape in general, except when it does not meet expectations. This baby does what's it's supposed to do, easy to open/place/replace, and you are good to go.This tape works great on the signage I have in my office.  The signs are thin sheets of plastic that I have to adhere to wooden doors and cement walls.  So far, I've had no problems using the tape.  Recommended.Use it all the time ...to stick things BETTER than regular tape. It has grip and a good hold ... like a stopwatch I have mounted in my gym ... it is always there for me and has stayed up for years now.We use this tape to mount kids' art work to the refrigerator.  It works well and stays on far better than magnets.This tape is proving to be very useful.  Thus far, it has held securely.  You can even use it to hold up a big table-top flush against the wall.  The only problem that you have to be careful with the paint.  If you decide that you hung up your picture in the wrong place and try to move it, some of the paint may come off.  Although I guess you should expect that.  It is, after all, permanent tape.  All, in all, it delivers on its promise: allowing you to hang things up without bothering with nails.  And the price is right.  I recommend it.If you have something such as a poster, sign, or brochure holder that you'd like to mount on a wall or other solid surface this is a useful product. The tape is a half inch wide and has adhesive on both sides. It works best on a smooth surface and is fairly strong (recommended for holding up to 2 lbs). This could be used for a variety of projects where you wish to mount something permanently on a wall. If you'd rather not nail or screw something into the wall then this is a good alternative - just don't expect for this tape to come off later without leaving a residue that you'll need to clean or scrape off. Also, there's no tape-cutting mechanism on the roll so you'll need a scissors or utility knife to cut the tape.Works great, but DO NOT put it on any surface that you don't want it on forever. I'd suggest not using it on drywall at all...you can pull it off of harder surfaces and then goo-gone the leftovers, but it just destroys drywall when pulled off. So if you want permanent mounting on a hard surface, I'd recommend.So far I've used this double sided foam tape to mount photos and mounted a small clock on glass. It hasgood holding power and rated to hold 2 lbs. It does depend what you mount to, someone stated it wouldn'thold on plaster walls, if the surface you use is weak the tape isn't going to change this fact. I mounted abadge back on a cars painted surface, this tape is strong enough for jobs like this. This is a good generaluse double sided white foam tape, the roll is 1/2" wide X 75" long, other sizes are offered but I found thisis a good general use size.This is one of those products that most households should keep on hand, stuck in that "miscellaneous stuff" drawer along with string, packing tape and whatnot.It's mainly good for the purposes Scotch mentions: sticking things up on walls. The 1/16 inch thickness of foam allows for irregularities between your wall and what you're sticking up; if you try to use regular, non-foamdouble sided tapefor anything more substantial than a sheet of paper, you're inviting anengineering disaster.This mounting tape can be considered reasonably permanent--anything that doesn't fall down in the first few hours will probably never fall down. But at the same time, it's semi-removable; If you ever have to take down whatever you've stuck up with this stuff, you can usually do so with little or no damage to the object or the wall. If the wall is painted removing the tape will most likely take off the paint in that area too. But for surfaces like tile, plastic or enamel (i.e. refrigerators), a layer of the tape will stay behind, and this can be removed with paint thinner or something likeGoo Gone(along with a fair amount of elbow grease).In short, it's good stuff to have around.This tape is definitely useful in a lot of ways.  Picture hanging (if it isn't too heavy or fragile), securing items to shelves so they don't get broken, I also used some to keep a shoe holder on my closet shelf from sliding.  There are so many ways this can be used, the limit is your imagination.  Keep in mind, though, that this isn't like Command strips...you can (and probably will) lose some paint or do damage on finished surfaces when you go to remove it.  As long as you're not worried about it being permanent, I highly recommend it.Scotch 1/2" Mounting Tape comes in very handy for many uses. Last week I installed several new devices in my living room home entertainment cabinet. This mounting tape worked great for cord control, routing and organization. I used it to mount a Roku box on the inside of a cabinet sidewall. it is being held firmly and even the pressure from some of the cables and wires trying to push it away from the wall has not sprung it. I also mounted a small antenna amplifier to the back of a flat screen TV. I'll be curious to see how the heat from the television effects the tape over time. If it's bad news I'll let you know. Good Stuff!Love this stuff b/c the adhesive lasts and you don't need much. Some of my small breakables on shelves are now more earthquake-ready. I also used this to stick onto the back of a notebook, then stuck the notebook on my non-magnetic fridge. Instant shopping list! Many possible uses. Recommended.I create presentation boards for design presentations and I often find myself needing to affix a piece of marble, tile or carpet to the board. Glue doesn't hold and regular tape is a joke. Scotch mounting tape, however, does the job. Normally if I affix a piece of marble it has fallen off of the board by the end of the day - I have marble still sticking to the board weeks later and no signs of letting go. This tape is amazing and, though I can't say for sure, it truly seems to be a permanent tape. Highly recommended.I live in an old, old house, and the horsehair plaster in the walls can crack horribly if you hit it with a nail.  Up until now, my solution has been to keep anything heavier than a poster off my walls, and posters just aren't exactly grown-up decor.Then I got this mounting tape.  It's permanent, so I was very careful about finding a spot for a piece of lightweight art, a small piece of framed needlepoint.  I followed the directions and used plenty of tape, and I wiped down the wall with alcohol before smushing the picture frame onto the wall.  It holds perfectly.I've used a similar Scotch product that was cut into 1" squares, and wouldn't be without it.  It holds my precious items onto my plate rail in the dining room, and keeps the photos on the picture rail. This product is even better - because it comes on a roll, it stays cleaner and dispenses more easily.Yet another Scotch product that's an absolute must in my house.  I'm going to need a drawer dedicated to their products before long! (But I won't tell anyone, because everyone thinks I'm weird already)Need something stuck to something else?  This stuff does the trick.  I had one of those license plate thingys to put on the front of my car and no bolts to do it.  So I whipped out my Scotch Mounting Tape and stuck it on there.  It's been on ever since without even trying to come off.  WOO HOO!  It works well in the house too for those small photo frames on the wall.  GOOD PRODUCT--GET IT!Scotch states this is for permanent mounting, but I'd hold back on that until a year goes by.  I did use it for a wall calendar which is nice, in that I don't have to drive a nail into the wall.  But the biggest use I have for Scotch's (double sided) mounting tape is for flat surfaces.  Where most people have kids knocking things about, I have little earthquakes but most horrendously, cats!  My two Bengal cats will knock anything and everything off the shelves or countertops.  I have some glass vases, vertical standing frames and a glass decanter sitting on shelves.  I used this tape to mount them strongly to the shelf.  I've witnessed these cats walking all around them without being able to knock them off to shatter on the floor.  For that peace of mind alone, this tape is worth it.  Plus the price is right.Putting objects, other than pictures, on the wall can be daunting.  The permanent mounting tape is easy to use and seems to work well so far.  Pealing the tape is easy and mounting it is also simple.  I also have used it for creating art projects where I want certain items to stick on without the use of messy glue.Of course nails and screws work well for hanging things, but I don't always want to put more holes in the walls of my house.  Holes can be hard to fill and hide even when you paint over the surface.  So the tape is simple and can be used on most wall surfaces including tile and wood. It's difficult to put nails into tile, so this product takes care of that.It's also handy since it's a simple roll of tape.  I don't need other equipment and there is no cleaning up. So for that unusual project, I think it's great to have on hand.  The only question is whether it will be easy to remove and clean up if I want to take if off the wall or off the other items.My house was built in the 1950s and the interior walls are covered in plaster not dry wall. This stuff is as hard as rock and even small pictures take substantial nails as the nail has to be strong enough to survive the pounding. Double sided mounting tape seemed like a great idea.The trial was made with a framed picture weighing about eight ounces. Tape was placed across the back of the frame at the top and another strip at the bottom. The picture was pressed into place above a peg board of hooks, which supported the weight of the picture. All the tape had to do was to hold on.The picture stayed in place about 36 hours and then fell down with a clatter. I note two things that partially excuse this: the plaster wall is rough with a gritty texture and the picture's placement was near a heat vent. This mounting tape held on longer than any similar product, but that isn't saying much.I used these to hang up a big board & they worked. they really serve their purpose & holds up greatThis mounting tape has worked out well on many different surfaces. It is pretty strong too. I have actually used it to hang smaller/lighter pictures in frames and none have come falling down..yet. There is a good amount of tape in the roll, so you can get a good number of things hung with it. I also used it to hang one of the full length door mirrors on my daughter's bedroom door. It has held so far so good..and that is even with her slamming the door at times. I am getting pretty brave at using it for larger, heavier items - I just make sure to use a good bit of the tape around all edges, so that it is secure.There are times when flat tape just isn't appropriate. Especially when one (or both) surfaces aren't completely smooth or flat. This is what you need. I have some wiremold that holds electrical wires to a baseboard, and when it came time to attach it, I knew exactly that type of tape I needed. The slight "sponginess" to the material, forgives any imperfections in the items to be adhered. Regular tape just leaves gaps.It IS difficult to remove, though. The thickness of the material will often result in removing only a layer of it, so be careful where you mount with it. On the other hand, when things don't stick with regular tape, THIS is what you need. BTW, for wet applications (and others where I want LESS permanence) I have used theCommand Adhesivemounting strips. They come inwater-resistant, too. They are only tabs...so it takes a few to hang things (while this is a nice long uninterrupted roll where you can choose your own size.)This is just a product that serves its particular purpose perfectly!!I have used this on tile, metal, glass and interior walls and all surfaces are compatible with this mounting tape in my experience.  I did notice that if the surface is ice cold, make sure you warm the area up with a hairdryer if possible for a better stick.  To remove, I slid a razor through the foam core and used Goo Gone to remove the rest of the square, worked great!  I was able to hang a wipe board near my front door than I had been meaning to mount for months, this stuff gets the job done!Used to resecure my pet window seat, still holding up to 14 pound cat, jumping to see the birdies!I am happy camper, and so is my cat!Don't know how good it will withstand 62 pounds of fur yet, but that wouldn't be the tape's fault! :-)Excellent stuff.I received this product through the Vine program.  I had a couple of exit signs to mount (the light weight flat signs, non lighted) and did not want to drill holes in the plaster walls to do it.  I tried this tape and it works great!  I put tape along each of the sides of the signs and then pressed them in place.  Instant mounting and they hold great!I also tried using this tape to mount a couple of plastic in boxes (the angled ones designed for wall mounting) on the side of a file cabinet.  It works great and I did not need to drill the cabinet to mount it with.  I have placed around 40 sheets of paper (letter size) in one of the boxes and filled the other with incoming mail and the tape has held well.  Nothing has separated and the installation looks neat.I have not tried removing anything so I can not attest to the ease or difficulty of removing items mounted with this tape.  I can say though that as long as what you want to mount does not weigh a lot, this tape works well.There's not much to say. This is double-sided mounting tape, and it holds tight. It's easy to apply, and works for most lightweight mounting jobs. It is labeled as "permanent", so I wouldn't recommend using this on anything you want to eventually remove it from. It's not coming off without some effort and residue left behind.My only complaint is that it's a small roll, but that's to be expected.There's really no competition. 3M basically invented this sort of thing.There are many applications for this tape, but our favorite is in kids projects.  The foam layer between the two sides of tape allows you to connect two surfaces that would not lie completely flush against each other (making it impossible to use regular two-sided tape).  The foam also gives a little bit of flexibility and shock resistance; for example, mounting something inside a remote control vehicle.  Also, while this is meant as permanent tape, the foam layer can, in some applications, give you a way to pry off whatever you've taped.  We keep a roll of this on our workshop bench as there is invariably some situation where it is preferable to gluing, nailing, sewing, velcroing, etc.Not too much to say here: works great and sticks solid to most surfaces unless they are oily. I used this mounting tape in my classroom for mounting bulletin boards in the room (as well as to hold in place while silicone glue dried) and had no problems. Highly recommended.Great product we used it mount all our travel photos above are bed. One helpful hint, be sure to allow the paint to cure for a few weeks, so that it doesn't lifts off easily. Also, we found it worked best when you prime the walls before you paint it makes a difference when using mounting tape. The paint and texture don't come off so easily when you take the tape off later--which is great. We change out the photos every few months when we go on another trip. We have some photos that have been up for over a year and there is no lift in the corners like you see with other mounting two side tape.We have been using Scotch brand tape products for decades but not, until now, have we used this product. It is difficult to rate it because of infrequent need but on the one occasion we have used it thus far, it did all that we had hoped it would. If the item remains firmly attached after a month or so, I will add a star to my rating. Meanwhile, perhaps other uses will emerge. Tests and evaluations continue.Meanwhile, again, I say "Thank You" to the Amazonians for the Vine Program.I mean, not like someone doesn't make a dispenser for this stuff. If 3M wanted to, they could probably make anything having to do with adhesion. Probably already have.This double-sided tape is the standard by which others should be judged. Or not, I cannot recall ever seeing a competitor to this product, if I did I would not even bother checking it out. How can you improve perfection? What Scotch 33 is to electrical tape, this mounting tape is to.. everything else. If you have two smooth- or even slightly irregular surfaces needing to be stuck together, here it is. The uses are innumerable. I use it to affix magnets to notepads for refrigerator use. I use it to make model furniture mock-ups while in the design process. I use it to stick co-workers keyboards and mice to their desks when they are away.Awhile back 3M introduced these little gel-like squares that were also double-sided adhesive, and while they would definitely do some things the foam tape would not, they fell far short in sheer versatility.i must admit I prefer the 3/4" or 1" width, but this is the size generally found in most any type of store. No tool box, drawer or glovebox should be without a roll.This product is excellent for mounting items.  It is very sticky and you get a good amount of tape in each package.  The price is right too - overall a great buy.  Highly recommended.This is an excellent double sided mounting tape for small items. However, you have to make sure the surface you attach it to is absolutely clean. If there is oil, dirt, grease, etc, it is not going to stick for very long. And the surface you attach it to has to be dry and stay dry and it has to be strong enough to hold whatever you are mounting. If the surface has been waxed, it may not stick for very long. All you have to do is clean the area where you are going to use it and it will do an excellent job. This is a light to medium strength mounting tape and should not be subject to heat or vibration. If you want to mount something in your car or boat, there are other very high strength mounting tapes. If you want to mount a small picture or similar then use 4 good sized pieces, one in each corner, don't use just one in the middle. This mounting tape would be excellent for mounting poster boards.I originally thought to use this product just for scrapbooking and card making, to add dimension.  For this it's wonderful, and easy to use.  Small pieces are easy to cut, since both sides of the tape is covered with a protective paper that you remove to expose the adhesive.  Remove one side, affix to your "scrap", then remove the remaining paper, and stick everything in place.  Easy,holds permanently, and looks good, providing a nice dimensional look.  I have an idea or two for some great 3D xmas cards next season.But I also found out that this tape works wonderful to stick up things like cork tiles onto the inside of cupboard doors..  I orginally used UGO squares, which does have the advantage of being removable, but it did NOT stay stuck.  After a week or so, the cork tile fell down.  I had replaced it with more of the same, and had another failure.  So I replaced it with pieces of the Scotch Mounting tape, and it's still attached.  It's my new go-to craft sticky.  :-)So far, I have hung a few things (nothing too heavy) and this product works well. It is easy enough to cut and dispense as I need, holds steady and firm, and did not tear the paper I had it affixed to when I went to move it. It moved cleanly and left no marks. Instead of using tacks that leave marks, use this product to stick items to surfaces without destroying the surface or the product you are displaying.Let me just say that 3M is an awesome company! I have yet to come across any of their products that do not perform as advertised. I recently purchased their Headlight Restoration Kit3M 39008 Headlight Lens Restoration Systemthat is just plain awesome. It worked so well that I find myself looking - proudly, I might add! - at my headlights on a daily basis. Check out that review in a few days.The Scotch mounting tape is an easy to use double-sided heavy duty foam tape. I have used it successfully for numerous things around the house and garage...here are a few examples:* School projects where heavier objects were required to be attached to project boards.* Mounting 4x4 ceramic tiles, that our pre-K kids created for father's day, temporarily to sheet rock - It could have handled the ceramic tiles permanently.* Securing a GPS mount on an automotive dash - I installed away from direct sunlight coz' nothing holds in sunlight!* Mounting steel spice boxes on to ceramic tile* Hand towel hooks in the garage and laundryThe only drawback is lack of a dispenser or storage case. The outer wrap does come a little loose and any part of the tape that picks up dust, lint, etc. is unusable.Some reviews of Scotch 1/2" Permanent Mounting Tape say that it's good for photo albums. Maybe, but I don't think I'd use it for that, because it's rather thick: 0.065". Its thickness isn't an issue for other applications, though, such as mounting posters or whatever to a wall.Other reviews say this tape will stick to anything, but really it is designed for smooth surfaces. If you used a lot, maybe you could use it on a cinder block, but it would be better to buy tape designed for that.I was concerned about the "Permanent" description. The last thing I wanted was to have to chip old tape off my wall. I did some tests and was happy to discover that permanent here means that it is made to be used once only and that it will last a long time. Removing tape that I'd stuck to my wall was very easy and caused no damage at all.This is very good tape for affixing items to a wall or other smooth surface.I used this to mount a couple rear view mirrors to my computer monitors at work (so that people don't sneak up on me since my back is to the aisle) and FINALLY I found a product that keeps them attached. I've tried several different products that don't seem to last long, but this one appears that it is tough enough to last.Scotch 1/2 inch Mounting Tape is a padded, double sided tape on a 75 inch roll. One side gets applied to an object, and the other side gets pressed against a surface on which you wish to mount your object. The cushion between the adhesive layers gives you flexibility when it comes to mounting objects that do not lie flat against one another.This mounting tape is designed to be permanent and is not repositionable. The user must take care to line up objects carefully when mounting them, and there is no guarantee that the surface of your walls will be completely immune to damage when this is removed. For some items, it might be helpful to mark its desired position before mounting, or use a small level.For some items, mounting tape is an ideal solution. For example, one of my children made an art project on a 36 square inch ceramic tile. There was no way to nail it to a wall, and adhesive hangers with flaps for mounting on picture hooks don't always hold up to the task. Due to the irregular surface on the back of ceramic tiles, the foam padding is needed to provide the thickness and to allow for irregularities in the surface.As a rule, you should use about a half inch of this tape per ounce of weight. I used 5.5 inches for the ceramic tile, and the bond is as strong as would ever be needed. The package says that it holds up to 2 lbs, which presumably refers to the maximum weight of each object to be mounted. The roll is long enough to support a total of over nine pounds worth of items. Sixty 4 by 6 photographs weigh about nine ounces, so this roll can go a long way.The tape itself comes in a roll with no dispenser and with a single backing strip between layers. Therefore, you can't pre-cut a section and hold onto it for later. But you can cut off the amount you need, apply it to an object, and leave the backing layer in place until you are ready to mount your object.There's nothing new or innovative about this product, but this product is very well suited to its task. It can also be used for a wider variety of tasks, but it might be best to save it for those special tasks for which it outshines other solutions. Although it can replace anything from thumbtacks to picture hooks, thumbtacks are cheaper and this product might be overkill. As double sided padded adhesive tapes go, this one does the job as well as can be expected.If you have items that you want to mount on the wall, but don't want to drive nails, this is the tape for you.  I have used this to put up small pictures in my daughters' rooms, and it works great.  I wouldn't trust any kind of tape for large pictures, but that is not why you would buy this.One thing to be aware of....it's biggest strength is also somewhat of a weakness.  Once you put something on the wall with this tape, it is staying on the wall.  It does not remove easily, and thus is not suitable for mounting things you may want to move from time to time (i.e. posters in a child's room, wall calendars, etc.). They make other kind of lightweight, low adhesion tapes, that might be more suitable for that.Overall....great at what it does and recommended.My sunhat was too big, so I got the idea of lining the inside with the mounting tape.  It did the trick.  Hat no longer falls over my ears.  Good for all the other usual uses as well.  Handy to have around.We use this around the office. It holds pretty well. It holds a phone headset against the wall.  The longer the strip you use the better the strength is.  It leaves a slight sticky residue once its removed, but you can get rid of it with some soap and water.This is heavy duty. I use it for everything. I even put up canvas Frames with it. Very easy to use and not to hard to remove.Got this for putting on a plastic cable cord cover to hold in place on the carpet after I had to move it and the original double sided tape came off and wouldn't stick any longer.  This stuff is strong and works well even though it is more meant for smooth surfaces than for what I used it for.Do I need to say more. Scotch is trusted because they make the best adhessive products on the market. Works for meThis tape is the answer for many, many needs. It can be used to hold a speaker in place rather than watch it role off a shelf or bureau. It hold computer accessories to the desk. It can be removed without much effort. Need a little goop cleaner. It's the million use tape that leaves Duct Tape in the DUST!I have used this product for at least ten years. It has never failed me. The sticky sides last and last and last. I use it for a multitude of things. My old 1/2" roll was marked by me in 2003 and is still going strong. Great product. I definitley do recommend.This is a strong tape and there is a lot of it for the price. It is a very useful tape to have in your toolbox.I put up a solar light on my brick fence wall in the back yard using this tape.  It really holds well and the light as not budged.  Saved me from having to drill holes in the wall. Highly recommend.I have these same 3M mounting tapes each with different mounting weight. Used them for many reasons for many years and have not failed me.I bought this thinking it was like the 3M stuff I bought in the past; clear and very sticky. This tape is a gray color and is not as sticky. I'm not sure what model tape the clear stuff was but it was great. This tape is still good but not quite as strong as I would like. I bought several rolls to hang some reflective barrier on my garage door. So far it is holding up well with the heat.It's double sided tape and it does what double sided tape... with one exception. It is stupid strong (not sure what stupid strong is, but it sounds good) and it's not coming off once you put it on.Good Tape for using outside. I bought it to secure my wireless bell button on the outside of the house.Holds things very well just as you would expect from 3M. I used indoor so can not say much about it working outside.I mounted a clock to my  motorcycle with this and it has been on for a few hundred miles. That's all I need it to do and it was a success.This tape is great for hardware projects requiring a high strength but potentially temporary bond. I have often used it for building mechanical and electrical gadgets as well as for repairs on household items. It has worked well on both flat and irregular surfaces.  I would highly recommend the Scotch exterior mounting tape over the foam-based tapes for any project -- indoor or outside as it holds up better under repeated mechanical stress.In one example, I used this tape to affix several one pound lead weights to flight simulator rudder pedals that were ultimately removed. The removal was an arduous process. I found that using a Weller heat gun and hand scraper was the best method. If you are using this mounting tape in situation where it may need to be removed, you might was to check the durability of the surface first as any paint/finish could be damaged.This is the best mounting tape I have ever used and I swear by it! If I want something to stick on then I will use this tape. This is the gorilla tape of double sided tapes. Perfect, and will adhere to almost any surface you can find, and rather permanently if it is smooth.It sticks, it works as described and seems to last.  $5 for 60 inches is too expensive but that is a competitive price for this junk.Here is a re-post of my review for the same product but for 450" roll instead of this 60" roll.  I recommend the 450" roll because at the current price, the 450" roll is 3 times the price of this 60" roll and you get 7.5 times the length of material.  A much better value, and if you like it as much as I do... YOU WILL WANT IT.Scotch Permanent Outdoor Mounting Tape, 1 Inch x 450 Inches (4011-LONG)I call this sticky tape stuff because when I started using it, I found it to be less a double-sided mounting tape and more like a thin sheet of sticky gum. This stuff stretches out to much longer and narrower or can be folded upon itself to be thicker. Sticky stuff.Value:This 450 inch roll is the much better value than the 60 inch roll on the site (4 cents per inch versus 10 cents per inch).Does it work:I haven't found any type of mounting or double sided tape that comes anywhere near this in sticking ability. I use this in my garage to mount some padded rubber surfaces (very light) to a cinder block wall to protect my car doors, through extreme heat and cold, the surface has stuck. I use this to mount a plastic device that attaches hoses to a window (for an in-room AC unit) which gets a significant amount of torque from the heavy hoses, absolutely no issue. So, yes, it works.That's it... if you are a do-it-yourself'er, this is a must have for your tool kit.These are faily strong outdoor tape. I bought this to hang a sign outside my door and after over a year the sign is still there hanging on to concrete. Good price too.This Belkin Standard Mouse Pad is useful for my spare computer.  However, I find that I prefer a smooth surface to a cloth-type surface.It's a basic, no-frills mouse pad. I.e., it works. I love it when a product doesn't do too much, and mouse pads are notorious for trying to do too much. So thank you, Belkin.It is a cheap simple mouse pad for your mouse. If that is what you are looking for then this is your mouse mat!This is an inexpensive Mouse Pad, but it does it's job and holds up well for the price. If you are looking for a mouse pad, don't bother buying the more expensive ones, this one does just fine.Although it is plain, it seems to last forever.  And the price is unbelievable!!!  I used my first one on my make-up table to &#34;catch&#34; any spills or mascara smudges.  The other I will use to replace my current mousepad.  I will continue to buy these as I think of other uses for them!!For a small price this is a basic mouse pad. It doesn't smell like roses and it doesn't greet you by name when you sit down. It just acts like a mouse pad, presuming that this is just what you want.This Belkin Standard Mouse Pad measures 7-7/8 x 9-7/8 x 3/16 inch thick.  It has a fine-textured fabric top and a foam rubber back.  It is plain vanilla - there is no picture of cute kittens or puppies but it does the job at a very reasonable price.  I recommend it to budget-minded Amazon shoppers.I've used many different typs of mouse pads with many different kinds on surfaces and I've always liked the one color darker type cloth pads. The pads with patterns and things printed on them can cause a problem with some laser mice and I've run into that many times. The back surface is great and the thing I liked best was it wasn't to thick. Some pads have a really thick rubber base and that tends to raise the pad a bit to high for me. I have my mouse pad holder mounted to the left side of my KB on a center desk drawer and this pad nicely covers the whole surface and isn't to thick as my old one was. The darker color seems to have helped my tracking too. I've ordered two more of these, one for another computer's mouse and a spare. Really like this pad!For me, I tried this very nice quality Blue Belkin Standard Mouse Pad and was happily surprised. This mouse pad works well with any type of mouse I tried and any brand of mouse I tried! First, I tried the MS Wireless Mouse and the mouse moved so well over this pad. Then I tried out my new Verbatim Mini Mouse (the retractable type). The Verbatim mouse moved very well over this pad. In addition, the back of this mouse pad is coated and stays in place (no slipping on my desk--it stays nicely in place).Looking for a very good quality and basic mouse pad that works without paying a high cost? Look no further, this is the mouse pad I suggest to you. And I believe that you will be very happy with it.Highly recommend this Belkin Mouse Pad!What's not to like about a mouse pad that does its job without eating the mouse? If you need a pad, try this one.Look, it is a mouse pad.  It really doesn't even &#34;work&#34; - it just is, except when it comes apart.  Two days, that's all I got. Bad Dog.I was so skeptical because of the low price however I decided to go for it. I ordered 5 because I can never find a mouse pad when I need one. Plus stores are way to expensive. These work perfect. They are standard size, very light weight and they stay in place!I needed a few cheap mouse pads and these are great.  94 cents and problems solved.  I wish all problems could be solved this easily.NICE FOR THE PRICE. I HAD EARLIER ORDERED A MOUSE PAD FROM AMAZON WHICH STATED IT HAD A CALENDAR ON IT. i THOUGHT IT WAS EMBEDDED IN THE PAD. FOOL THAT I MAY BE. IT WAS NOT. IT WAS PAPERS ALL IN A CALENDAR AND STUCK TO A PIECE OF CARDBOARD. I EVEN PAID SHIPPING. IT SELF DESTROYED AND I COULD NOT RETURN IT. BUT WRITE IT UP I WILL.THIS IS THE REPLACEMNT.UNTIL I FIND ONE I CAN SEE AND FEEL IN A STORE SOMEWHERE THAT HAS A NICE PHOTO ON IT, THIS WILL BE FINE. JUST FINE. I AM HAPPY TO HAVE SOMETHING THAT ADHERES TO THE DESK AND LETS MY MOUSE ROLL FOR A COUPLE OF DOLLARS. IT IS JUST FINE.I spend a lot of time in a chair (handicapped), and my mouse didn't work very well on the fabric.  Bought this little guy, and the mouse works perfectly now.The color was coming off within a few weeks.  Within a month, all the edges are peeling.  This has got to be one of the worst mousepads ever made.I got this for very cheap and well worth it as an add-on item, a few days later the price doubled as most things on Amazon do. Just keep watching the item you might score.Does as I expected for a mouse pad.  Is thin, as most mouse pads I see in the stores, but costs a fraction of the cost in the store.  Love it.This is a very ordinary mousepad, though the Belkin name at least assures you of decent quality for a mundane yet necessary item.  It replaces a dirty, ink-stained, slightly smaller red mouse pad.  My 5-star rating includes considerations of pricing and packaging along with Belkin quality.  I've received similar pads that were all rolled up and misshapen so that they would fit into cheap packaging and require less postage.  But as a Prime product, this two dollar mouse pad, rest assured, will arrive in a full and firm cardboard box.  No unfolding, pressing, or ironing required before you're able to use it without agitation.  The pad, moreover, is sealed in a Belkin cellophane wrap, making it a nice, inexpensive gift for a friend or associate on an otherwise overcast day.We needed several mouse pads for public areas and shared work spaces. These have a way of disappearing so we did not want to spend a lot. These serve the exact purpose.Not great, but just fine.  It was a great price, so it serves the purpose.  I used it in a classroom I teach in that didn't have one.  Glad I didn't have to pay too much for it...no one reimburses us for things like this.I have one in red also, I bought both at the same time.After just a few days of use, the top (colored) layer is separating from the bottom (base) layer.Belkin usually makes high quality products.I'm very disappointed in these mouse pads.I would not recommend them.I find it completely unnecessary.  I can use my mouse by simply moving it around the top of my desk as I desire and I works perfectly well.  so, with the new designs I see no need whatsoever for these pads.  Other than that, if you like them, this is a nice and inexpensive one.Good mouse pad. Mouse glides easily. Was bent when it arrived but has finally straightened out. I don't really like the thin plastic top but it works fine.This mousepad has a plasticky surface and the mouse glides smoothly and accurately. Definitely recommend. For the price, this one can't be beat. I also tried the 3m mousepad which costs more but performs the same as this one.You would think that if you have saw one basic mouse pad you have saw them all.  However I think this product could be better.  After comparing to another mouse pad that is of slightly higher quality and price I find I will more than likely opt for the other unit in the future.It is indeed blue, flat and provides a stable horizontal surface for a mouse. All for less than $2 and without having to suffer the indignity of going inside an Office Depot or Staples. For that reason alone, it would be a bargain at twice the price.Great pad for putting under washer feet to keep washer from vibrating around great price would highly recommend but no for a mouse pad!This is a basic mouse pad. It has no bells and whistles. It functions perfectly and I would buy it again.I ordered 2 premium mousepads.  Amazon sent 1 premium and one 65 cent standard blue.The premium one makes my new-ish Logitech optical mouse skip, hang, lag.  It does work on my 15 year old Microsoft Explorer optical mouse.Also, the edges are so sharp I feel like I'm going to slit my wrist on it.Would not recommend.It's light, cheap and it gets the job done. I use it with my Logitech M510 mouse and it works great. So much that I've ordered two--one for the home, one for the office and my girlfriend got one as well.I couldn't decide which mouse pad to buy and this one was so cheap, I bought this Belkin one along with this one: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0017D5Z40After testing them both, Belkin might be cheaper but its thick and doesn't track as well for laser/optical.Go Belkin if you still use a trackball.  Otherwise spend a few more dollars for the thinner better mouse pad.How bad can a mouse pad be?  That's what I thought....First, be aware this is a HARD top mouse pad.  Basically, it is a hard sheet of blue plastic glued onto a 3/32" foam pad.  Not a rubber pad like other mouse pads, but a foamy pad.The plastic top is bigger than the foam pad on all sides, and cuts into my hand which rests on the edge of the pad.The mouse pad isn't quite flat on the table - the plastic top is slightly curled and one edge of the mouse pad sticks up slightly until I push the mouse over it.  It is very distracting.Finally, the surface is just rough enough to make a loud scratchy nose as my optical mouse moves over it.  VERY annoying.This is the WORST mouse pad I've ever used.The only pro is it has a weird new plastic smell that reminds me of grape popsicles, so 2 stars.11-ish bucks. The construction probably wouldn't hold from textbooks but for eReaders, paper, and smaller books it'll do the job. I wish I had this throughout HS. Would have made copying things easier.This stand may be good for pamphlets, ring-bound manuals, magazines and typing sheets but definitely not for text books. It is unstable and the page holders can't hold any page open for even a nano second. Try the The Easi-Reader Bookstand or Mighty Bright Folding/Adjustable Book Holder instead.I don't understand the number of negative reviews... this product works great.  Some reviewers said it's plastic and breaks easily.  Yes, it's plastic and I suppose you could break it without too much difficulty but it doesn't break under normal use.  I use mine to hold open textbooks that measure 10"x16" (when open) and are over 500 pages.  The book holder works fine in all respects.  Specifically, it supports the book without tipping or wobbling as I turn the pages, the pages are prevented from turning by themselves even with a fan blowing on it, I can slide it across my desk without it collapsing and when I'm done it folds flat for easy storage.  One feature I really like is the fact that the tabs that normally hold the pages in place can be folded flat to accommodate very large books (700+ pages).  I don't know what else I could ask from a product such as this!  I can recommend this product without reservation.Simple product. Does exactly what I need it to. Cant say anything bad about it. Very happy with the purchase.Its a book holder plain and simple. For the price, the product itself is very useful and functional. There are better bookstands out there, but youll have to pay for itThis book holder is made of plastic and seems a little flimsy, but so far it's holding up decently. The back stand uses two pieces, and is adjustable. There are two tabs in the front which you can move forward and backward so that you can turn pages more easily or insert new books without fear of ruining a page. They are also a problem. I have found that they can pop out from use as they only have a fitted notch keeping them in place at the bottom of the unit.I can also see how a book larger than 2 inches in thickness can be an issue, as the depth of the base is roughly an inch deep. I've not yet had to work with this (I use it for typing up class notes from notebooks at this time) with a book of that size, but i can picture my coffee cup coming into play if I ever use it with a book of that size.I'm really enjoy this book holder. It holds large and small books at various weights. At first I didn't think it would because it's made out of plastic, but it's pretty sturdy. Also love the fact that it folds up and can be inserted in a binder for easy transportation.This is a friendly book holder. I use this everyday in my studio. It holds the pages of my books open and can be adjusted to any angle I choose. I'm thinking about buying another for my cook books in the house. I have to lift the book out of the one in the house to turn the page.This book holder works well even with large books. It can be folded flat for easy storage in a briefcase. It's an expensive. I would not hesitate to buy another one if I needed it.I've been using their labels for more than 20 years -- they are SO easy to use on the computer, and these 08167 labels print equally well on my Ink Jet AND laser printer.Feeding them through a copier is a cinch too.These 08167 labels peel easily, the ink impressions are sharp and crisp, in color OR black and white.I have had no problem with the Avery labels' adhesive longevity in the past -- let's see how well these 08167's do -- I would think that they will be just as good as their predecessors.It's hard to review this type of product. They work, they did not smudge, and they are compatible with word. We also used some to cover up old file labels. They shipped and arrived quickly.Great labels. In the past I have bought other brands and the labels stick to the printer, get jammed up. No smudging, line up nicely and don't get caught up in my printer - definately a plus! Avery products are superior in my opinion. A definate buy.On first glance these labels look very small, and they are small, but they are "Return Address" labels.  While they could be a little bigger, I was able to fit my address on them with a small picture in front of it (street and apartment number on same line).  You are realistically only going to be able to fit 3 lines on a label (at about 8pt font), so don't expect more than that.  The labels I printed on my inkjet printer were very clear and the colors looked great.  The template allows you to print several styles on a single sheet, which I had printed a few different ones including a small picture to the left of my address and ones with a faded picture in the background.  I am using these as both customized return address labels and address correction stickers on my checks (they are the PERFECT size for that).  I have only used them on regular envelopes and checks to which they applied easily and did not peel at the edges.The "Pop-Up Edge" is a very interesting idea, and is a time-saving way to peel the labels from the sheet.  You simply fold the sheet a little along the perforation and the edge of the labels stick out for you to grab.Word of caution:  Depending on your printer, the printing may be off center or higher on the label than expected.  I'm almost positive this is my printer because I have had this issue with mailing seals as well, but just wanted to advise others to check this before printing many labels.Love these labels; even though I confess I did use a Laser printer (these are made for Ink Jets), printing was a SNAP!I visited the Avery site, downloaded the Microsoft Word version of Template #5167 and had my business return labels printed within 10 minutes (will be a LOT quicker in the future, now that I've got the template saved to my hard drive).  Final alignment was perfectly centered on each individual label; no fuss.These are REALLY easy to print and use; the pop-up easy peel feature is great, too:  no more struggling to peel printed labels off the sheet.  These peel quickly from the sheet, simply by gently folding the backing slightly.  Great solution for quickly printing 80 return labels per sheet; highly recommended for EASE OF USE.Works well and does not jam up the printer like other brands can.  You can get free templates from the Avery website as well which is a bonus!  I recommend this product!I absolutely love these mailing labels!  They are convenient, and make life so much easier!  These mailing labels are smaller than certain other types of labels; therefore, more labels will fit on each sheet.  And if you use a lot of mailing labels, then that does you a lot of good.They print so quickly and easily.  Whenever you need a label, just peel it off.  These label sheets save a lot of time and energy, and are so neat.Highly recommended if you use mailing labels.And these are for ink jet printers, which is the type of printer I have at home.I love the easy-peel feature on these labels!  I hate when manicures get ruined on the edges due to trying to peel labels!  I experienced some very minor smudging.  The labels adhere well.  I definitely recommend this product.I make greeting cards and wanted something smaller than an address label to put on the back of my cards - just my name and web address. These are great for that. Also with some of the humid weather we have been having my older Avery labels would smear if I put them on the cards right away. I haven't had that issue with these yet.We used these to create return addresses on envelopes we sent out to clients.  It was much easier and faster than hand writing or printing directly to so many envelopes.  Also we were using CD mailers so the printer couldn't print onto that anyway.  These didn't give us any issues and stuck to the envelopes very well.The sell feature on these labels is that they are easy to peel, but they could be much more versatile were they larger and allowed for design.  The template is most basic, and while the small size gives you 2,000 labels per package, I'd rather have 1,000 larger, designable labels.  As they are, I can only fit three lines of text if I use size 8 font!  Improvements can allow for a template that accepts icons/avatars so that one could design according to company logo, season (falling leaves, snowflakes), event (birthday balloons) or holiday (jack o lanterns, bunnies, cornucopia). I'd rather use the pre-printed friendly, cheerful, colorful labels that I receive from charitable orgs.Just hard to beat the AVERY line of labels. These work great in my two printers and they look great after printing. The glue on the back is first class and they are easy to remove from the  sheet.This little labels are really nice. At first, I wondered if I would want to use a label this small and then when I printed a sheet, I realized that these are perfect for use on envelopes, notes, and anything you want to identify. Easy Peel is a great plus here. Avery labels are simply the best and the downloadable templates help those who don't have one in their word processing application.These Labels are smaller then your Average return address label so you might not get the art on it you might have wanted to use. But they are easy to peel and stick and have found TONS of uses for them since they are small I used them to label DvDs and to organzie my food on the shelf so I will know what is missing.I love Avery labels!  Their free templates are easy to find and download.  The labels print flawlessly every time.  And they are durable.  I really can't say enough about these terrific time savers.  I design my own return address labels with a family portrait on them, I print out address labels for my holiday cards, and I print larger labels for packages, all with ease!  If you are looking for high quality labels that won't let you down, Avery is the way to go...These are good, but so are other brands, for example 3M.  Comparing the two, the Avery look thicker/brighter, but when held up to a light, they look about the same.The adhesive on these and the 3M are about the same, which is to say not very strong, but adequate for a small return address label.The Easy Peel feature makes it convenient to remove from the sheet.  But 3M also has this feature.The labels dry quickly and do not smudge.While I cannot find anything significantly wrong with these, I also find nothing really outstanding that is not available from other brands.In the end, I would probably go with whichever is cheaper and/or you can get with free shipping.These work fine. Like every label sheet I find it takes a little working out a template depending on what program you're starting with. My only wish is that these were a little larger so that the type could be bigger. Closer in size to some of the labels often sent out in the mail by organizations as fund raisers. But overall these work well.You'd think address labels would be a standard product by now, but Avery has added several new features that make this product an excellent purchase, especially if you have a color inkjet printer:1) Smudge Free2) Jam Free3) Pop-up Edge for easy peeling4) Squeezes 80 labels x 25 sheets in one package = 2000 address labels!But here is the best feature of all: by going to [...] and selecting templates for product number 8167, you get many designs in Word, all ready to go. You can customize the provided logos and/or fonts of course. This saves a lot of time setting your mailing project up!I ordered these to use as return address labels until my printed ones arrive, but I'm half tempted to not order any more preprinted ones after using these labels!  They're so easy to use, just follow the guidelines provided by Avery and voila, you'll have instant return address labels!  I didn't have any trouble fitting the entire 3-line address onto this label as some others have mentioned, and my favorite part was the fact that they don't smear!  They're easy to peel off and adhere quite well to the envelope, box, etc.  With all the ebay shipping I do, these have come quite in handy.Great product, highly recommend!I was worried that these labels might peel off in my printer and jam it up.  They stayed affixed firmly to the backing sheet and yet were not hard to peel off for use.  Note these are RETURN address labels, so they are quite small.  If you have more than a 3 line address, the printing can get very tiny.  At least you get a lot per page and per package.Avery always has templates for all their labels and they are easy to get to, but they always seem to want your name and e-mail address before they will let you get to the template.  I would imagine they want to send you advertising.Avery is the best quality and I would encourage you to always buy them, even if they are slightly more expensive.  The bargain brands just don't always work as well.  I have had Avery labels on the shelf for years that still work well.  Some of the bargain brands can dry up and come loose sooner.  Avery apparently knows labels very well and the label business.I really liked the "Pop-up Edge for fast peeling. The labels are smaller than I am used to using, however our address printed clearly and completely with no problems.  I found the labels also nice to stick inside books I loan out, recipe cards and I carry a few in my purse.These 1/2" x 1 3/4 inch labels are good for return address labels, but can be useful in so many other places as well. Perfect for labeling a folder that contains multiple topics (like listing surnames in genealogy research) or in drawing attention to a particular fact on a picture postcard for marketing purposes. I like the 1/2" height....up to now I had to settle for 2/3" in the width I needed and that didn't fit just right. These are perfect. The "easy peel"  factor makes it easy to peel the label off the page by simply bending the label edge and it pops right up. Best of all the template for this label page is clearly defined and actually in my offerings choices for my HP four-in-one printer ( I find more and more often that the newer sized labels aren't in my selections and I have to download the template before printing.) These are easy to print and so far haven't smudged or jammed.Avery Easy Peel Return Address Labels for Inkjet Printers, 0.5 x 1.75 Inches, White, Pack of 2000 (08167)Part of my business is printing lots and lots of address labels; for myself as well as for customers. Avery has never let me down. This product, the Easy peel, is superior to every other type I have tried. Not only are they easy to remove, but they stick to the envelop or package better than the cheaper brands. You might think saving a dollar and buying the office brand is a good idea, but those things come off in the mail. My Avery labels ride all the way to their destination. They also hold ink well (I put artwork on them as part of my business).Recommended for commercial and residential use.Ellen C MazeNo other way to get so many return labels for such a low price.  Can print using your choice of fonts and colors.  They are small, so perfect for any size envelope.  They are also good to use when filling out raffle tickets.  Just print up a sheet with name and phone number.  Highly recommend for cost and easy of use.  Not much else to say about a return label.  Good buy.They work as advertised.  Great quality and easy to use.  I can find no fault with them at all.  Make sure this is the size label you want before purchasing and I think you'll be very satisfied.These labels are designed for inkjet printers often found on desktops.  The inkjet priter compatibility is just a coating on the paper that ensures the ink does not wick out and become unreadable in fine fonts.Return address labels have many convenient uses besides their obvious use.  With one line of print down the center, they can be used on CD jewell cases down the spine to form a library system with title and index number for CD changers or ipod lists to data backups and storage libraries.In product design and prototyping we often use this smaller label to print at the far end with the print running vertically with 1 or 2 tiny lines of type, then roll them around wires with only that last part showing.  As designs shrink the smaller labels are very helpful.Avery provides full product support with templates in ms-word format that make printing on a particular label exceptionally easy if your equipment is calibrated with the right drivers.This is a set of return address labels designed for inkjet printer use (no guarantee that it will come out as intended with a laser printer, but it can likely be used in a laser printer if needed).  Avery labels are reliable and all you need to do is follow instructions, using the template for these sheets with your office/wordprocessing software.  Just print and peel and stick the label on your envelope.  This way you can design your own personalized return address labels.  My only suggestion for improving Avery's labels would be to reduce retail prices on them so more people would think of making their own labels.Avery has always provided me with good products and this time is no different.  I think that is the strongest feature - consistency.I like the pop-up edge which aide in removing the labels from the sheet stock.  These feed fine into my Canon printer and are easy to set up with standard software templates.  No issues here; good stuff.These address labels are easy to use, but they are very small.  Had to use 9 pt font to fit the address in the label.  Definitely could not add a picture or graphic to the label because there isn't room.  Easy to peel and economical because so many fit on a page.I can't imagine every buying a printable label that WASN'T made by Avery.  They are like the mafia of paper products.  I have been using all of their printable labels for years and years now.  Their online support for templates and ideas are just the best.-This is their latest creation: The bendable address label thing.  I don't get it - I mean I see what they're trying to do but I think it's kinda lame.  They work fine - I found the template online and printed up a bunch of address labels using my laserjet printer.  No jamming or anything - prints fine.  With this "new" design, there's a crease or cut in the backing behind the labels along one edge of them which allows you to bend the paper to allow for easy peeling.  But to me - it's no different than peeling it normally.  It says you can "bend it back to flat" after you take a label - but so what - you could do that before anyhow.  Plus, with this new design, trying to take ONE label off causes 2 others to peel off a little - and when you lie it flat, they still stick up a little.  I hate that.  I hate taking a label off even a little bit because then it will lose it's sticky-ness sitting there in a drawer until I use it next.-If you REALLY have trouble peeling off labels, then get this.  Otherwise, don't bother.These return address labels are great and really helped me out this Christmas when I had to send out all my Christmas cards.  I can customize them on what season and holiday it is, or just change it up when I want something a little different for my outgoing mail.  Will get these again!I'm a big fan of printing my own return address labels and these are the best ones so far.I went to the Avery website for the free templates and using Microsoft Word,I printed the best labels I've ever printed & it was faster and more accurate than it's ever been.The labels themselves are are the best I've seen so far,you just bend the sheet at the column and the edge of the label pops up so you can peel it off,so much easier than in the past.The reason these are my favorite labels is because they are 1/2 an inch tall and 1 3/4 inch long and are perfect for putting on printed return forms instead of trying to fit my clumsy handwriting in the tiny writing space.I really like these...They're Great!I always like to use the Avery brand for my office supplies and these easy peel return address labels are exactly that. They are easy to peel off and you get a perfect label every time that actually sticks to the envelope and becomes part of the envelope as well. Reccommend highly.I've been using Avery address labels for more than 10 years now.  This newer easy peel is great.  Very happy with the ease of use and quality!I usually love all Avery products and I must say that I'm adding this product to my favorites as well.  These labels printed out well and I had no smearing when I applied them to my mailing envelopes.  Also, what I loved about them that it wasn't hard to peel and reposition them on the envelope once it caught.  The color blended nicely with my white evenlopes so well, that it appeared as if I printed the address on the envelope itself. I love these labels! From now on, I'll be buying these instead of the store brand I always buy.FIrst, before you order these, pay attention to the dimensions listed in the description.  These are RETURN address labels -- the small ones you stick in the corner of the envelope -- NOT the usually-larger address labels that contain the address where you want your letter to go.  They are, therefore, SMALLER than address labels.  Don't order these expecting to get larger labels.  :-)That said, these are excellent quality, print easily in my inkjet printer, and, as the package says, are easy to peel off the backing sheet.  I used one of the templates I got from the Avery website (I'm on a Mac, using Microsoft Word for the Mac), and designed some nice-looking labels.  Don't expect to fit more than 3 lines of small print on each label.  Like I said, these are small.These Avery Easy Peel Return Address labels worked perfectly for me.  The software that you can download from Avery's website installed easily into my mid level Windows 7 machine and was self explanatory to use.  Within a few short minutes I was cranking out my own custom labels with no problems at all.Believe it or not these are the first labels I have ever made myself.  I use a middle of the road HP 4680 printer and they fed into the machine perfectly, never jamming and printed exactly right.  The labels peel off very easily and as advertised they do NOT smear which was something I had wondered about.I honestly can't see why I would need anything else.  They ARE a bit small but these are sold as RETURN address labels and are appropriately sized so bear that in mind.  Reasonably priced as well.The high quality of Avery products is once again found in these Easy Peel Return Address Labels for use with ink jet printers.The labels peel off easily and quickly with only a slight flexion of the carrier sheet material.  In fact, due to the design, flexion of the carrier sheet is really no longer necessary.The fast, easy peel feature is achieved by stripping off the extra surrounding waste label paper that is between the labels.  This leaves the labels as free-standing units on the carrier sheet.For anyone who has ever had to put labels on a number of letters, this saves substantial time and mess.  Other brands really have some catching up to do!I get a little nervous, whenever I try to use a "print it yourself" anything because the templates that they offer often seem to produce slightly off-kilter results.  That's made worse whenever the output in question is small like a return address label.  You know what I'm talking about, the first 8 or so rows print fine and then the text starts to creep off of one label onto the next.  You end up with half a page of usable labels and half a a page destined for the recycle bin.Printing the Avery Easy Peel Return Address Labels was a SUCCESS!I wasn't surprised by the ease of peeling them off the backing, nor was I surprised by the fact that the inkjet-friendly paper was virtually smudge-proof fresh out of the printer.  That's Avery and they do that very well.The pleasant surprise was that I didn't need to create my own template to print the labels.  Now I don't have to use the multitude of free charity labels that routinely mispell my name and such.I use the website to create my labels, works great.  When using the website they always print correctly on the labels and I can add designs for different occasions.I design labels for my classroom library books and don't want to worry that the labels will smudge or begin to peel off after a while.  No worries.  These don't.  Also, they don't jam in my printer or print out of alignment - yay!  I hate wasting color ink on misaligned labels.  I also like how they make application easier due to the pop up feature.I really like the size of these. I hate wasting a bigger label (like an Avery 5160) for return addresses and have even cut them in half sometimes. These are nice because they are smaller. I would have liked them slightly shorter but a touch wider. Mostly because I usually have 3 lines, and it -just- fits. I don't want to use 7pt fonts, either. My text also bled off the top edge on the bottom 5 rows of the sheet a few times. I know my printer isn't perfect everytime it draws a page through, so I realize it isn't completely the product's fault. I use a laser printer, I don't think it matters much that they say "inkjet"...maybe using a laser product in an inkjet might smear, but I never had a problem the other way around. I suppose I can fool around with the margining setup for the label template to alleviate the text "drift."I do like the easy peel and not having to pick at the corners of labels to get them off. I have always liked the quality of Avery labels, and these did not disappoint me. I would get these again.One may think that these labels are not needed, that you can just jot down your return address when mailing items.  This is true, but if you mail items a lot, these are great to increase your speed in getting things in the mailbox before the mailman picks up.  Also, they come in handy for many non-mail related reasons.EASE OF USE: I made labels quickly with these, the template is available on their website and is very easy to use.VALUE: You can make a lot of labels on just one sheet. If you usually order custom labels, these are much cheaper.  If you usually address items by hand, using these are much quicker.  They save you time and money.PERFORMANCE: The paper grabs the ink well and does not feather during printing, nor does it smear when you press them smooth with your finger onto an envelope.  They stick very well to letters and boxes. Also, they don't get jammed in the printer.APPEARANCE: Looks sharp and crisp.ADDITIONAL USES: We have a TON of books and loan them out often, putting one of these on the inside cover corner lets our friends know what books to return to whom.  Also good to put on the bottom of potluck dishes that get left behind, car key fobs for when you hand the mechanic your keys and on kids toys that go to friends houses with your little ones, just make sure your child is past the stage of trying to chew everything to avoid a choking risk.RATING: A+, highly recommend!I used these labels to print some return address labels. All in all they came out great, but had to waste a few sheets before I got them just right!I'm not sure if it was my printer or the labels, but the template that Avery told me to use was a tad off - some of the text got printed off the label. All I did was mess with the margins in MS Word a little bit, saved the template, and it ended up coming out quite nice.I do like the concept of the "Easy Peel" and it works pretty decently. I'd say someone with arthritis could benefit from this very much.I'm so happy that I don't have to write my address on all my outgoing mail anymore!I received both Avery # 8167 and #5267 to review.  Since they are identical (same specs and template number) but one is designed for an inkjet printer (8167) and one is for a laser printer (5267), I'll be posting the same review for both items.These Labels are designed with a "Pop Up" Edge.  This means that you bend the sheet at the side and the labels you want literally pop up an exposed edge so you can grab them easily.  Then you fold the sheet flat again.  As with most labels, you can get away with running the sheet through to print only a few labels and then rerunning a partial sheet for a second print of the remaining labels.  In my experience, each subsequent use of a partial sheet runs a greater risk of a jam though.  I'm sure Avery's "jam free guarantee"  would only apply to a print of a full page.These smaller size labels would also be useful for other applications-such as price tags at a garage sale...I've never found Avery to be anything but top of the line and this product is no exception.I wasn't sure I needed nor wanted the easy peel feature.  However, after mass labeling with more than 300 labels, I find the utility in its design.  It's only useful when labeling large numbers of envelopes at once; but I appreciated the convenience of having all the labels out and ready to go, not having to struggle to dig my nail under each on.My initial impression was that these labels were too small.  They are large enough to fit the average name and address on three lines in Times New Roman 8 point type.  They don't fit a fourth line, even when I tried changing to different typefaces.  If you need four lines, don't buy this.After using the labels, I found the size is actually appealing for my taste.  They are clean and simple and look appropriate on letter and business envelopes.  Larger envelopes or packages may need a more substantial size label.  Companies that want their label to stand out more may also opt for a larger size.Having moved recently, I needed some new address labels. I had always ordered address labels from those mail in label companies.  This is the first time I tried my own.  So did I think it was worth it?  DEFINITELY!!!  I can print sheet after sheet with a variety of pictures; I can change my pictures after a couple of months to reflect holidays, seasons, you name it!  The only complaint I have is that I would probably choose a bit larger size... these were a little small.  I used Avery's online printing program and it worked pretty good... not perfectly lined up, but after I adjusted it, it was fine.  For the price, you simply cannot beat it.  Highly recommend!!!!Avery sets the standard where it comes to address labels so this is a win-win purchase to consider. Get them. There are many address label companies but Avery is a home run every time, no matter what size label or need. Get them.I recently received these and finally had a chance to use them. I downloaded the template wizard for WORD and opened the program to quickly design and print out a sheet of labels.  I'm really pleased with how easy it all worked. Saves on the cost of ordering labels via a third party company.Unlike other return address labels, these Avery labels have an innovative "easy peel" feature that lets you fold back the perforation and remove the printed labels by just grabbing the exposed edge. It's so well designed, you wonder why nobody thought of this sooner.Designed specifically for inkjet printers, these labels print crisply, dry quickly, and avoid smudging.As many have noted, the small size of these labels doesn't leave much room for error on your printing software / printer driver / margin settings. You'll want to use the Avery template 5167 (free download from Avery, built into most other software including Microsoft Word) to start. Print a few sample pages on regular paper using your software and printer settings. Hold it up to the light with a blank label sheet in front to make any fine adjustments to margins.Note - the small size of these labels isn't for everyone - there's not much room for a custom graphic or logo. But that's why Avery offers multiple product choices!I find the Avery labels the easiest to use.  Every software package I've ever attempted has the Avery Label templates already built in, and the labels peel off easily, and stay stuck to the envelope during mailing.I like to use the Return Address size labels for many different uses: pricing items for a garage sale, file folders (yes, they make file folder labels, but I'm frugal), labeling books and DVDs, and I also would use them if sending bottles/baby items to a daycare facility.I am a very frugal shopper, but when it comes to labels I feel Avery's quality justifies the price.  I would recommend Avery brand labels to anyone!These are very high quality Return Address labels that can be printed with an Inkjet printer. I printed mine using a Lexmark X3350. There were no problems with the label sheet feeding through the printer. The labels hold the ink without smearing or blurring or bleeding. Furthermore, no labels detached from the sheet while moving through the printer - a disaster which has happened to me using lower quality labels. Yet they are easily peeled from the sheet when it's time to apply them.I strongly recommend that you investigate the "Design and Print Online" feature available on Avery's website. It is far more flexible than a simple template and you can save your layout for future use. The interface is a little strange and sometimes behaves in unexpected ways, but you'll easily enough get the hang of it with a bit of experimentation (and it has an "Undo"). I printed my first try on plain paper and then overlaid it on the label sheet to double check.I see that several of the reviews here criticize these for being unable to accommodate a 4-line return address. Using Avery's "Design and Print Online" you most certainly can create 4-line labels as follows: Find and start "Design and Print Online" on Avery's website. Enter the product number (8167) when prompted. Hit Next. Select the design you like (there are many to choose from). Important: select "Enhanced Editing." Hit Next. Select a 7-point font. Important: you want a fine, gracile font like Garamond. Enter the first 3 lines of your address in the text box and hit Return after the 3rd line. The Text Entry box will expand downward to fit a 4th line. Enter your 4th line text. Click outside the text-entry box and then position your cursor over the box and click once so you get the 4-way arrow that lets you move the entire text-entry box. Re-center vertically. You're done. Print and/or Save.Now, a 7-point font is kind of small. Your mail carrier will need his or her reading glasses. If your decision whether or not to purchase these is dependent on being able to do this, then you should try printing some 4-line, 7-point labels on plain paper and using Avery's website to verify that you like the way they look. It might be better to just go for a larger label. The point is, you can do 4 lines in a half inch with these if you want.The package contains 25 sheets of labels with 80 labels per sheet for a total of 2000 labels. If you are an individual rather than a business, that should keep you in labels until the year 2129.These work well and, combined with Avery's website, will allow you to create professional-looking, customized Return Address Labels so you can stop using the cheesy ones that your Insurance Agent sends you every Christmas.I received these Return Address labels shortly after I joined the Vine Review program.  I was interested to see if they would function as the package promised and they have!  Unlike other labels, I didn't have to struggle and swear while peeling them off the page to place on an envelope.  I'm looking forward to obtaining more when this package runs out.I get a lot of labels from Avery. I absolutely love that they make these return address labels so densely-packed and easy to peel. I can design my own return address label, use MS Word with an Avery template to print them out on my Inkjet printer, and have a whole sheet (or more) of them ready to use whenever I need them. No more ordering them from printing companies and then dealing with it when they screw it up or misspell something. With the Avery labels, I have total control over the way my return address label looks.As usual, with Avery you get quality labels that are reasonably price, come in a great arrangement, and have a strong adhesive on them. They work great for letters (snail mail) but are also useful for other things like labeling boxes or putting nameplates on your belongings at work ("This is MY manual, darn it!") I mean, really, these are just blank sticker arranged in a template-friendly layout. What you do with them is up to your imagination. You don't need to use them as return address labels at all... I'm sure you'll find something that needs a label on it, and these do the trick.What more is there to say? If you need labels, these are the best!These Avery return address labels are your normal, cute size labels.  They hold well but are not the type that is industrial strength strong.  It is possible to peel them off but they do not peel off as easily as repositionable labels.If you make your own return address labels, this is probably one of the most essential sizes of labels you will use.  I also like to use this size for making small labels for dating things I put in the freezer.These labels are too small for return address'.  They could work with postcards, but not much else.They print great with no jams in my printer. Easy to peal plus they stick very well to the packages I'm mailing. Avery definatly has a winner here with this product.Very easy to peel, just crease a 3rd section at a time and the edge of the label pops up.  Prints nicely, and looks good.  Appears to stick very well, and are not removable, so be sure you have the placement correct before sticking.These are general use return address/locate labels. .5 inch by 1.75. I checked MS word and MS works and Avery provided the Avery template numbers, so they worked well with all my applications without the need for me to download the templates from the the Avery website. And, of course, Avery was the industry leader in labels from the beginning, so you can not loose buying these.Way to go Avery. All your products I've purchased and used thus far are top quality, don't get stuck in my printer and adheres to the paper.These are the perfect labels for what they're intended for: return addresses. They are small. I didn't use them for mail merge or for different addresses. However they were perfect for making standard return labels with plenty of room for my address and a small logo. They printed without jamming, no errors, and smug free results. Printed hundreds of these for the holidays. Worked great. MS Word found the template without any problem.These are the size of those commercial address labels that you can order off of those inserts from Sunday newspapers. An A4 size paper has four columns of these labels. Three lines of text in font size 8, the smallest you can read without a magnifying glass, will fit on this label. So if your address has four lines, these won't work for you.They are not entirely removable because some adhesive comes off and then they do not stick as well the second time. Microsoft Word has templates for Avery size 8167 and 5167 and you can find other templates at Microsoft Office Online web site. Free software download is also available at Avery web site.I use them as return address labels and also to label electronic equipment like cell phone, iPad etc with name, email address and phone number in three lines of size 8 font. You can find other similar uses. They work well in laser printers too.The price of these address labels keeps changing but as of August 2010,3M Permanent Adhesive Return Address Labels, 1/2" X 1 3/4"  Inches White, Laser, 2000 labels per pack (3100-Q),3M Return Address Labels, White, 1/2-inch x 1 3/4-inch, 10 Sheets per Pack (3300-R) (800 total labels)are a littles less expensive. The real competition are the preprinted address labels from inserts in Sunday newspaper which come out far less expensive than these but then you cannot print them at your whim or personalize them.I have had bad experiences with "generic" printable labels in the past...namely, with the sheet getting stuck in my printer.  So far, I have had no problems at all with these labels, or any other Avery brand labels.  They go through the printer smoothly.  The labels are easy to peel off the sheet as well.Before purchasing, check the dimensions of the labels.  These particular ones are very small, but in turn you get more in the package.These work great as address labels, but I find other uses for them as well.  When I have pictures taken of my children, I've always written the name and date on the back of the photo before giving them to family.  This can get tedious when you are dealing with 40-50 photos to write on.  Now, I print out the relevant information on an address label, and affix that to the back of the photo.If you go online to the Avery website, there is a free software download that allows you to customize the labels to your liking.All around great company to buy any kind of paper product and after you buy it, they make sure that you buy some more because they have an online software suite that allows you to design and print the label and all of there other design-able paper products, I would give more stars if I could!These labels are of great quality.  No issues with avery design wizard of course.  Not a cheap label.  Good adhesive, nice heavy paper.It might seem silly to be excited about labels but I am. I've been looking for labels that aren't a pain in the you-know-what and I've found them.These labels are return address label sized (80/sheet). I'll be using them for that as well but my initial use is for "reorder" labels on products I sell. The printing is clear and smudge-proof, important for labels with small print that might be exposed to liquids or creams.What I like best about these is the Easy Peel feature, which will save much time and aggravation when I'm label several items (or envelopes) at once. I'll be ordering these again but with 80 labels per sheet, it may be a while.These are quality labels that yield a professional look. They also have a perforated backing paper that bends, making them easier to remove from the sheets. If you're looking for a really small no-nonsense label that sells with plenty in a pack, this product might be for you.However, I personally feel they're a little too small for practical use. It's difficult to fit more than three lines of text on this size label and still have it be large enough to read. The typical return address is three to four lines. The largest I can make the common font Times New Roman is 6.5 point in order to fit three lines of text on a label. Fitting four lines requires going down to only 4.5. (A typical font size is 10 to 12 point.)While there's nothing wrong with these labels, I prefer using shipping labels as return address labels. Using a larger-sized label allows users to fit four lines of text, a larger font size, or even a piece of clip-art. While this small size is functional and fuss-free, and one print yields an impressive 60 labels, legibility is sacrificed when labels are this small.These labels are a godsend for labeling and mailing things.  This 0.5" x 1.75" size is perfect for return addresses and small labels.  I prefer the 1" size for most things because of the larger size, but these work for smaller items.  I have used them to put my son's name on his school supplies, binders, etc. as well as for my things in the classroom like student names on cubbies, pencil cans, supplies in the storage cabinet.  Avery.com has templates that you can use and it does not take too much time to figure out how to print on them, so don't be scared.  2000 labels per package are just waiting for you!While address labels may not be the most interesting thing I buy, getting good labels that are easy to print does matter to me.  And the Avery White Easy Peel Return Address Labels 8167 were exactly what I was looking for.They truly are, as advertised, easy to peel off the backing.  And they don't smudge after being printed, nor do they jam in the printer.But for me, perhaps the most important thing about labels is the ease of using the printing website.  I found the Avery site easy to use.The bottom line?  Five stars.  Easy to print and use and economical.  Win win win.I bought the inkjet labels because I wanted to custom design my labels with colors using my inkjet printer.  In the past, the inkjet labels did not print as clear and tended to look "smudgy" or "blurry".  No more.  Avery has fixed this problem and now the labels print crisp.  I highly recommend them.Avery have literally set the standard for pre-cut adhesive peel-off labels and these are no different. Easy to remove from the backing (much easier than some other brands) and high quality paper and strong backing glue make these labels perfect for your label needs. I printed a bunch with a photo background and they look almost as good as a glossy print. Plus Avery always offers templates for the most used software packages (outlook, excel etc) so printing alignment and pre-filled info is handled for you so no need to perform multiple test prints before doing a proper print.It may seem like a simple thing to print onto labels but anyone who has used generic labels which don't conform to any standard will know just how many you can waste before everything is lined up. With Avery's labels the hard work is done for you and your labels will look perfect first time.As others have stated here, a label is a label is a label...right?  Not always.  There are many factors that I look at when buying labels, especially in quantity:1.  Price.  Big variances between 'generic' and 3M, Avery, etc.2.  Glue.  Good glue won't come through the label.3.  Adhesive Quality.  Labels shouldn't come off an envelope (which could result in a dead letter), and they shouldn't come off in the printer (which could result in the need for a new printer).4.  Ease of removing from sheet.  If they are not easy to remove, the label can be easily torn.  Sometimes I've had to use an X-acto knife to lift labels.Avery labels here are great value, and have the other characteristics of good labels.  Whenever I have a choice between an Avery label and another product (even at a much lower price) I buy the Avery.I use these exclusively as a return label set for my and for my parents who are getting old.  I print out a set every once in a while and I keep them on a clipboard.  Once a year I print out a few sets of these and mail them to my parents, whose eyes and arthritis make it a bit hard to do these things anymore and it's a tremendous help to them.  They are too small for the full address.I've also used them to label odd things.  Overall a great product.I will say that the easy peel adhesive works grreat on paper but don't try it on plastic.  I used them to label baby bottles and these did not peel off easily from plastic.  Magic on paper though.Avery has some of the best products, and this is one.  These labels are so easy to set up for printing your own labels.  I remember the old days of having to order labels from some company.  Now, you can do all that stuff yourself right at home.  As I mentioned, this is simple for anyone to set up.  The instructions are very clear on how to do this.Not only are these great for making your own return labels.  They are also handy for many different applications such as file folder labels, labels for kitchen items, yard sale price stickers, etc....These labels are great for use as a return address while mailing out your bills. I always intentionally put printed addresses and return addresses on anything I mail. Using labels that are printed on a computer printer keeps your mail on automation and out of the hands of humans. I've never had any mail lost because I use pre-printed labels. Avery labels are simply the best and these are the perfect size to use for a return address. Just load a full page into your printer (I have a laser printer) and print a full page at one time of perfectly printed labels to be used on your envelopes. These labels can also be printed individually and used on file folders or anything else that needs identification.These are a replacement product for the 5167 labels many of us have used succesfully for years.  I can't honestly say I ever found peeling labels from a backing sheet to be particularly challenging so, as far I'm concerned, the Easy Peel designation is a marketing gimmick.  They work just fine in myBrother HL2270DW laser printer, once I learned to orient the top of the sheet to the front of the paper tray in this printer.  That's a change from all the HP printers I've used in the past and had me thinking the formatting was off in Avery's Design Pro software.  Once I figured it out, the labels and the software are just what I needed.As with all Avery labels I have tried, these work very well. They print go through the printer without jamming, print cleanly, peel easily, and stick tightly.What more could you want? Highly recommended.What can I say about address labels?  These worked well in the laser printer, didn't jam and peeled off cleanly.  The type on the labels printed clearly too.  These will work well for return address labels.  They're too small for regular addresses.  As usual Avery has a quality product.I'm a regular user of other Avery products (address labels, return labels, etc) and I've never been disappointed.  These labels are no exception.  They come off the sheet easily, which prevents "dog-eared" labels.  Simple concept, but brilliant.  I'll look for these again in the future.I wasted several sheets of these labels because the text does not line up with the label.  Usually I print out a sample on plain paper and hold it up behind the sheet of stickers to see if the text and sticker line up properly.  I did do this once, but there is so much text, and the stickers are so small, that it was a waste of time.  I did have to adjust my document margin on top so everything would line up, but that was just guesswork.Then I noticed that on the label it says to "use template 5167".  So why are these stickers called 5267 labels?  What is the point of calling it that when you ultimately use a template with a different number?  That is a problem.  Then I dug out my other labels of the same size, also Avery.  The older package with the same feature of being "easy peel" is just called easy peel, whereas this one says it has a "pop-up edge".  We'll I don't see any difference between the two besides that there is label material in the middle of the page on the older one.  These labels have a space of no label material in the center, just the backing material.  With or without this sliver of material it works the same way.  Both are exactly the same size, and the space at the top of the label is the same also.  The older ones also say to use template 5167.  Even when I used the right template the text still did not line up on the label.  I also made the font smaller, as fonts can be called the same size, but actually be bigger or smaller.  I don't recall ever having so much trouble with this size label sheet.  I am using MS Word for Mac, but that shouldn't be an issue here.In any case, the labels themselves are fine.  They stick on things fine, and easily peel off the paper.  I would prefer a slightly larger label to use as return address labels.  This is just an annoying size to work with but if you must, then that's it.Avery makes excellent labels that do what they claim. They're high-quality and stick to what you put them on -- in this case, packages or envelopes. I'm taking away one star because they're harder to use in the printer than they should be. It's always a trick figuring out which way to orient the sheet and get it set up to print properly. Granted, part of that is my own fault. But these should be easier to use. However, overall it's a fine product.These are labels. They stick. You can print on them. They peel easily.  Not sure what else to say.  Avery always has the highest quality of labels and they're worth paying a little extra for.You can't use these for anything except return labels because they are so small. Be sure to position them where you want them the first time because if you don't & try to remove them to place them better they will tear & stick partially to the envelope. These did not jam even running through 100 pages at a time to print on my Konica Minolta laser jet color printer. I loved the online FREE help for getting the temp plate made & they also enclosed a toll free number to call for FREE help,can't beat that. I gave them 3 stars because of the help available, other wise I would have given them one star, the paper itself is very cheap.These are fantastic labels, just like the rest of the Avery line. I like that these are small - they have so many uses!  Will definitely purchase in the future.The Avery Easy Peel Return Address Labels work great in my Brother HL-2270DW laser printer.  It has yet to jam and does not smudge.  The 5267 return address label is supported natively in Microsoft Word, even in my old Office XP version.  If you prefer, you can download the Word template from Avery's website.  Why?  It's easier to use this template if you want to have different addresses on the same sheet.  Also, maybe you don't have Microsoft Office but have a compatible word processing program like WordPerfect or OpenOffice.The pop-up edge is a neat idea to allow for easy peeling though I really never had problems peeling the old style labels.  Labels aren't very exciting and there is only so much you can do to differentiate between one manufacturer's labels to another's.  However, the paper, adhesive, and the easy-peel feature on the Avery 5267 are all top notch and I have no complaints.  I typically buy office store-brand labels but these Avery's seem to have a better overall quality.2000 labels are a great deal but the 8000 label pack is even better, if you send out lots of mail.  Given that I only send out a few pieces of mail per month, these will probably last me several years.Though these labels are meant for laser printers, I was able to use them successfully with an inkjet printer. Just goes to prove the quality and flexibility of Avery brand labels! :)I think the Avery labels are superior to all of the off-brands that are out there (and I've tried several of those).  These labels do peel very easily and no Avery label (including these) has yet jammed any of my printers.  The paper quality (bright white and sturdy) is also quite nice.  Avery is always my first choice in printer labels!These labels print well in my HP LaserJet 3200, and they peel off easily, but they print a little too far down the page, as compared with the old model #5267 labels, and the top line of the label prints higher and higher as the labels go down the page, so about 1/4 of the labels at the bottom of the sheet have their top line cut off.  It may be that this is a printer issue, however.I have used Avery address labels in the past and love their templates for large mailings.  The easy peel feature improves the old labels.  I highly recommend these.I have grown to trust the Avery name represents "Quality".  Avery again fulfilled all expectations for a great product that prints without jamming (I found one mfr who's labels sometimes come off inside my laser printer...), looks great AND meets all requirements for a great product.  I love the fact I can print easily within MS Word 2010/2011 with peace of mind.  Additionally, Avery's website features templates and easy to print methods online without having to download software.  Avery gets another gold star in my book!In particular, these smudge free labels are the perfect size for return address labels, 35mm slides, labeling the backs of photographs, labeling the inside of books with the owner's information (such as a return address label format), etc. I use this size label for labeling canning jars, packets of herbs and seeds as well as labeling the clear drawers in my husband's electronic parts bins.Tips: I often will print one sheet to standard copy paper FIRST, then verify my page lines up correctly with the label sheet PRIOR to printing and wasting an entire sheet of labels, needlessly. Another option is to print on the BACK of the labels first, align, then print on the correct side of the page.These are the perfect address labels that are small enough to fit the return forms I deal with each month,so I don't have to use my hideous handwriting to fill out the forms.I also enjoy the seasonal templates they have free at the Avery website for downloading that add holiday fun to my letters,Another reason I prefer the Avery labels is the great "Pop-up Edge" they have added,which makes the fast peeling of labels very quick & easy,when doing a stack of mail,After years of using an ink-jet printer, I finally bought an economical laser printer.  These laser labels are perfect for the kind of labels that I keep handy - a few dozen printed labels for each family member, and my own return labels.I had no problem running these through my Brother laser printer, using Word 2011 for Mac, template 5267.  Avery is always worth the extra money! Their quality is outstanding, and this product is no different.  The labels don't jam, they line up properly, and they peel easily.  In other words, they work well, and they don't annoy me when I go to use them, and that is something I look for in a product I pay a premium for.  Avery is my go-to for printer products -- worth the few extra cents (or even a dollar) because I know it will get the job done over the months the packet will be in my desk drawer.I just recently got my first laser printerBrother Printer HL2270DW Wireless Monochrome Printer(with which I am very happy, I find it works exponentially faster and more efficiently than ANY ink printer I have owned) and then these labels came up, which I thought was the perfect test for my new printer!Essentially, they print up great, and of course it will vary from printer to printer, but I didn't have any issues with these, smearing or getting caught or anything of the like.  If you are looking for return address labels for a laser printer, then these work extremely well, and are priced at the same as just about any other pack of address labels; they are worth it.  :)God Bless ~AmyI've used this exact Avery label for years as our return address label.  I got this particular pack free through the Amazon Vine program in exchange for writing a review of the product.These labels are the perfect size for return addresses, and they are super easy to print using an Avery template or one that comes with your MSWord program. The adhesive is strong so they stay securely stuck to your envelopes.  The "easy peel" part of the name means they peel easily off the backing sheet when you bend it.  With 2000 labels in each pack, you'll be all set to send out those bills, letters and Christmas cards.It is so easy to use these laser printer labels. There's a pre-loaded template in Word (you just have to select the item #), and they print clean and clear, and peel and stick easily. Just what we need in our busy lives -- simplicity!These are everything you could want in printable address labels.  Easy to use, set up, and print.  And it's a good price for a good number of labels.We go through a pack roughly every month or two in our office (small insurance agency).  Avery makes some of the best office products, and these are no exception!These labels are great. They line up perfectly in Microsoft Word, and they print right every single time. Use them constantly.I have been using these labels for organizing and mailing my graduate school application materials.  They work perfectly in conjunction with Microsoft Word and my small HP P1000 Laser Jet printer. As other reviewers have noted, they are easy to peel and apply firmly to most surfaces. Highly recommended for their ease of use and professional, clean look. A+Another great product by Avery.  These labels are extremely easy to use and they don't smear in my laser printer.  And by using the template software that Avery has (DesignPro) it is extremely easy to make your own designs.  I will buy again.These are excellent.  Like most Avery labels, no smudging, easy to work with.  Worked great with my laser printer. I recommend all Avery products...at least the many that I have used so far!Return address labels save you time, and the Avery system is easier-to-use than many.These labels perform exactly as described. They feed perfectly, are perfectly spaced on the label sheet, are easy to peel and position, and they can be repositioned many times yet still stick firmly.For those not familiar with how easy these Avery labels work:You simply open a Word DocumentClick on Envelopes and LabelsSelect Avery Label 5267Type in what you want on the labeland Print.The label sheet even shows you which end to insert in your printer.In a couple of seconds you have great-looking return address labels.I received both Avery # 8167 and #5267 to review.  Since they are identical (same specs and template number) but one is designed for an inkjet printer (8167) and one is for a laser printer (5267), I'll be posting the same review for both items.These Labels are designed with a "Pop Up" Edge.  This means that you bend the sheet at the side and the labels you want literally pop up an exposed edge so you can grab them easily.  Then you fold the sheet flat again.  As with most labels, you can get away with running the sheet through to print only a few labels and then rerunning a partial sheet for a second print of the remaining labels.  In my experience, each subsequent use of a partial sheet runs a greater risk of a jam though.  I'm sure Avery's "jam free guarantee" would only apply to a print of a full page.These smaller size labels would also be useful for other applications-such as price tags at a garage sale...I've never found Avery to be anything but top of the line and this product is no exception.Excellent labels. They adhered themselves to my envelopes like little soldiers...just as if their tiny little label lives depended on it...which, I suppose, they did.  There is room to write even the most pretentious European address, where they add all kinds of extra lines just to show off that they are in Europe, when we in America, the largest God Given Land Mass in The Continental World Of Its Kind, need just 3 lines.Does it mean we are better than those who live overseas?  Maybe.  And we don't have to talk with those fancy accents either, or in those foreign languages.  What's with them? When did they start with that? Do they think they are too good to speak English? Which is the language used in the Bible, so are they sending a message that way, too? Like to Satan or his mignons????BAnyway that is for each of us to determine in his or her own heart,and we are not here to talk about the snide, red-tinged and possibly devil worshiping Europeans, but about these Avery Labels, so let us return to our subject.  But you must admit, speaking a foreign language AND using more than 3 lines in an adress is just putting it on that one layer too thick.  .Okay, here we are, back to the labels again.  What makes Avery 1/2 X 1 3/4 Laser Printer Labels one notch better than your label (and certainly your inferior European label), what takes them to that semi-mythical Uber-label pantheon, is the stick up edge. You know when you have ten million labels to stick on envelopes and you try bending the page so the labels are easier to pull off,but some bend and some don't, and a couple even bend too far so they get stuck to themselves and you have to sneaky throw them away so no one will see?  Well finally somebody twigged to the need for a bent edge label and here it is.The bent edge does not make sticking labels on envelopes any less miserable, time-consuming and tedious a job, one more suited to, say, the Europeans. Labelling is awful work, particularly when one does it in one's office where one cannot turn the TV set on to watch Judge Judy, but the Avery Labels have that bent edge, a new High Tech Cutting Edge Design Element that makes the job go a little bit faster and every little bit helps.  And if you want to know why, at my age, my job still entails sticking labels on envelopes, it's because Shut Up.The labels are fine - they peel and stick with ease. However, I wasted a few sheets because the print would not line up properly. The instructions say to use Avery template 5267 but this does not work. After some experimenting and waste of product, I found that 5167 works the best.Another good one from Avery. I'm never disappointed with Avery labels or other products, though I confess that Staples brand (when it's available) can be significantly cheaper with no apparent loss of quality.These are good, standard solid LASER labels from Avery - template suggestions are always on the package (so helpful) and I've used the 3M version, Avery version, and branded store versions (like Office Depot) - they all work well as address labels - if you are wondering how to choose, I'd make your decision based on price, and features such as the Easy Peel (which makes using a LOT of these go much faster - think Christmas card mailings, wedding/shower invitations, etc)...as well as other features like (is it for a LASER or INKJET) printer?  [this is for LASER printers]Is it the right adhesive (does it stick well enough to the type of envelopes or packages you are using)...I would recommend this product from Avery - price and a few other features will help you make a quick decision between this & other brands, but Avery has been making good labels for a long time, so I would choose Avery where I could - I like their continuous improvement process!  Great labels, good size (I like these smaller address labels for return address labels) - would recommend!This item works great.  Edge sticks up for easy peel.  Sticks very permanent, make sure you have it where you want it before you stick, as there will be know removing and re-sticking.  Prints through your laser printer good.I'm glad that so many people have been pleased with this product. I have a few gripes, so I guess I'll stand as the devil's advocate review today, which is rare for me.The labels themselves were of great quality, never jammed or peeled in the printer, and the way you get the labels off of the paper by folding it is ingenious and better than I've seen elsewhere.  That being said, all I wanted was a simple way to put my return address on the labels.  The issues that I had mostly revolve around the software.1.  The web based printing is simple & easy... it creates PDF's that you download and print.  I had issues getting things to line up though, so I wasted about 50% of the labels on each sheet.  I wasn't being that picky-- as long as everything was on the label, and nothing was on a label from an adjacent label, I considered the label a "win"-- even if not centered. Still, I lost about 50% of them.2.  I downloaded the full version of Avery software from the company-- for free! I was happy with that, and expected it to be basic.  But at least at the time of this review, product 5267 was not listed in the software so I couldn't use the software.3.  Take me to the third & final option-- support for Microsoft Word.  I have word 2010 and figured that would be the best bet.  After downloading the Avery software for Office 2010, it wouldn't install... I use Windows 7 64 bit and Office 64 bit, so the software wasn't compatable.So all of that being said, I'm glad so many others have had such great success with the labels. I had hoped that the Avery Stand Alone software was going to be the key to success for me as it also supposed print alignment testing, however, the lack of support for this particular label was the final thing to run me off track.I hope some of these "gotchas" are helpful to some of you using Windows 7 64 bit or really care about print alignment.I gave it 3 stars because really, even with the label waste on option 1, the ones I did get that were ok enough were good enough to fill my need of return labels.  If I really needed tons of labels and spent more time tweaking and wasting more sheets, there is a good chance I could achieve less waste. And I may try that again.Update! Success! Sort of.... Word 2010 has some built in default label printing functionality and this label is one of the options.  I don't have the nice photo options and it still took some wasting of a few sheets, but I was able to get a full sheet of return address labels with no "wasted ones!"My family and I recently moved into a new home and I needed some easy/inexpensive return address labels. These Avery labels were easy to use in my home printer using the template they recommended. Super duper easy to peel off and use. I don't think I'll have to buy return address labels for a looooong time since the pack comes with 2,000 of them!These are nice labels and will work for most purposed. However, for my application, I need to fed one sheet multiple times, as I use labels on items that I craft. Unfortunately, with these Avery labels, after I feed them a couple times, the adhesive seems to bleed through and the label turns a bit brown. I am using a HP laserjet, but I have had this problem before with the lower end labels. The more expensive labels don't have that problem.So, if you plan to print one sheet at a time, this should be fine. If you plan to print only a few labels at a time, look for another product.There's really not a lot to say about these labels. They do exactly what I want them to do. I got them to use for return address labels, and for that they are perfect. They are just the right size, and they print well. You could also use them for the main address label if your recipient's address is short enough.Recommended.I tried the new Avery laser printer labels with the "Pop-up Edge" and found them easy to use.  The die-cut labels fed well through my HP laser printer, stuck well on envelopes and packages, and didn't smear.  These labels may also be written on by hand when called for which is a useful benefit.  The "Pop-up Edge" is a feature which allows you to fold the sheet so one edge lifts, making it easy to peel the label from the sheet.  The center "margin" has also been removed to facilitate easier removal compared to earlier products.  I found this "Pop-up" to be a double edged sword so to speak as once the labels are "popped-up," I found that they don't quite go back to flat.  The feature is good if you are printing a whole sheet but I sometimes print individual labels which means the popped label is a potential jam in the printer.I found that the Avery labels get the job done which earns them 4 stars.  Compared to the 3M labels however, the Avery labels are more expensive and I do not think the "Pop-up Edge" is as effective as 3M's "Quick Lift Design."I am always amazed how these things survive my laser printer without peeling off.  After that they're pretty much just labels, they hold ink and stick to things.  So if you like the price and need labels, order them :)Comfortable to use with the keyboard. It is ergonomically good to have one. Supports your wrist.We love it, no more wrist pain.Cheap and it does the job.I have two of these, end to end, across the front of my desk.I've used them for about a month and notice a positive difference in how my hands and wrists feel at the end of a work day.The bottom is reasonably grippy and stays in place, while not &#34;adhering&#34; itself to the desk top.Bought for work where the computer setup was not comfortable. These reduced my wrist pain.I'd recommend this item. I just got it to replace one I had for about 7 years. This is very nice and durable. I was very impressed and the price can't be beat.No major complaints! It does it's job at work and has helped me reduce any joint pain when I type at work!  I loved the color and the price.  It came very quickly. Would recommend to a friend.Belkin Wrist Pad is a great support for all people who spend lot of time working with their keyboards that will help your wrists and hands don't get tired so much.It's lightweight, very comfortable, ergonomic product and it's made asymmetrical that is great for me because position of hands during keyboard use isn't the same.The pad is filled with gel making it adjustable to your own hands thus providing great support.I like keyboard wrist pads that aren't combined with mouse pads because that allows user to combine position of keyboards and mouse in a way that is convenient to the user, but also making it suitable for both left-handers and right-handers.Since I use it for a month I cannot yet speak about its durability though it's looking like a lasting product that doesn't wear a lot during use.Overall, this Belkin Wrist Pad would be my first recommendation if you are searching for good wrists support being in front of the computer for a whole day.I purchased 3 of these for coworkers who wanted better ergonomics. The wave wrist rest functions well and available here on Amazon for a good price. It is contoured which makes it more comfortable and the width is perfect for tight placement.My wife was having soreness in her wrists that may have signaled the onset of carpal tunnel syndrome. I ordered the Belkin Wave Rest wrist pad, and since she started using it, the soreness has subsided. She loves the pad. It's about an inch wider than the keyboard she's using, so she doesn't have to move her hands off the pad. I've used it a few times, and I liked it enough that I may get one for myself.I think the wrist pad is worth trying for anyone who may be developing carpal tunnel syndrome or any related problem.only .5" high not 1"fabric is not durable, wears through and hard to keep cleanother than obvious lack of function due to height, no leaks, does not stiffen up over timeInnovera is a better brandThe gel rest is comfortable.  However if you look at the picture closely, the pad is actually a bit thinner 4/3rd of the way to the left, I think the designer's ideal is to make the thickest part near the number pad on the right side..But the problem is that number pad is least used part of the keyboard, and when my hand rest on &#34;F&#34; and &#34;J&#34; key the right side gets a lot less coverage than the left side, and feel very unbalanced.works well.  user(s), however, should position their hands, chair height, lumbar support, take frequent breaks etc, for optimal ergonomics & minimizing repetitive injuries.The wrist pad I brought a couple of months ago had a terrible smell when I purchased it and the smell is still there but not as strong. Now the gel is coming out at the seams.  I cannot use the wrist rest and I tried to fix it but it cannot be fixed.  I would not recommend this item.I purchased this product so I can use it at work. It is very comfortable and the price is affordable.This is an excellent product!  No issues with this and is consistent with the described purpose.  Fills the needs for the intended purpose.There isnt much this has to do other than be in the right position to rest my wrists on it. It does that.Bright, easy to use, and worked as intended without a flaw. Avery has always made quality office products (I used to sell them years ago) and these labels are no diferent.  Print away!These labels are perfect for many uses.  I use them for shipping labels and for labeling items that I am storing. Also, I am using them as gift labels for packages for the poor for Christmas.  With the easy to use template, you can decorate these labels to make pretty tags that stick and don't come off. Avery labels are great!Love these I've been busy shipping many things so these are so wonderful to use. I've also used them in my address book--updated everyone's info and it looks so nice typed and on these great labels.I love Avery labels! Their free templates are easy to find and download. The labels print flawlessly every time. And they are durable. I really can't say enough about these terrific time savers. I design my own return address labels with a family portrait on them, I print out address labels for my holiday cards, and I print larger labels for packages, all with ease! If you are looking for high quality labels that won't let you down, Avery is the way to go...Trublock Technology is a gray coating on the adhesive side of the label so that it is more opaque and covers what is underneath. If this is important to you than it's an added bonus. Otherwise, not an essential quality.These labels are what I have needed for years. We are always returning items and also often sell items on ebay. I have actually put together 2 small labels all these years. Finally, I can now print the labels from my computer and easily attach to the packages. Thanks, Amazon.I have been using the Avery Shipping Lables for years for my buisness.  They work out beautifully!  Easy to format on word and other programs.  I use these as shipping lables but they are great for other things too!  I have used them to put labels on a small bag of popcorn.  I have used them to place on the kids gift bags for birthday parties!  So many uses for them!love the size so you can write or type big for the adddress and looks so professional rather than just writing on the envelope. Sometimes I write them out by hand and other times I print them out on my laser jet printer so I can do different colors. Turns out great every time and no getting stuck or labels coming loose while printing. Feeds easily through the printer.These 2 x 4 labels are a nice size not only for covering previous labels on packages but also for adding a larger font when printing out labels and there is enough room to add an image/design.  I would order this larger size label again. They were packaged well and arrived within the two day delivery time.These labels worked great. I needed 190 and bought these and they work great. They print easy, the template in MS Word (I have MS Office 2000) worked like a champ. No complaints at all.I give these labels my highest recommendation as I like to recycle packaging (envelopes, boxes, plastic mailers) and they are sufficiently thick so that you only need one to cover up any addresses, codes, instructions that would ordinarily make it hard to reuse packaging. Even if you tend not to be a person who recycles, these will serve you well in case you need to return a purchase using the same package that it came in.Easy to peel and can be used for addressing using computer software or just as good to peel off and write over them by hand. Priced reasonably and there is little else to say about "labels." If you need them, these are as good as it gets for the reasons highlighted above.If you use labels exclusively for mailings on new envelopes, you might be able to save a few dollars and buy another Avery product that has more labels for a similar price.My HP 460 inkjet printer can print on these without any problems.  The pages feed into the printer smoothly and the ink doesn't smudge after printing.  Avery also provides plenty of software templates on their website for you to use.  Just go to [...] and search for 5163 (this information is on the label packaging too).  They provide many premade label designs in Word Doc format and blank templates for other applications like InDesign and Photoshop.  Also, the TrueBlock feature really does block out everything behind the label, which is great when you're reusing old boxes for shipping.  Overall, I'm very happy with these labels.I have reviewed several label products in the past, and have always found Avery to create a quality product, which does everything it says it will do, and will make you look fabulous and resourceful in the office, which can't hurt at employee review time.  :-)  These labels are no exception.  They have permanent sticking power and are a strong enough white that nothing will show through the label.  This is important now that so many companies are trying to be green by recycling old shipping cartons. If your company doesn't do this yet, suggest that they do so.  It will save them money (green!) when they don't buy new shipping cartons and reduces the cost of waste removal (more green!).  AND, it keeps cartons out of landfills, which is the greenest part of the whole deal.Back to the labels.  A while back, I reviewed some labels that had Microsoft Word templates you could load onto a computer and design the labels of your dreams.  I commented that most companies have rules against anyone but the IT department loading software onto their computers, which made the software less than practical for the people who use these at work.  Avery has now solved this problem:  they still offer the Microsoft word uploads, but you can also go to their web site and design the labels of your dreams without putting anything on your work machine. I tried the Microsoft Word add-on software and was impressed by the results.My project was to pack up some old summer clothes in old copy paper boxes, labeling each box top and bottom so that they could be retrieved easily.  Copy paper boxes are printed with many dark colors and graphics, and if the label was going to have a show through problem, this was the time for it.  The no show through technology worked like a charm - nothing shows through onto the face of the label, and it's a cinch to find my "outgrown bathing suits - won't fit again in this lifetime."Why four stars instead of five?  Because they're labels, not a cure for cancer.  I like the labels, but it's not like we're going out or anything.  :-)I used these as name tags in my classroom on folders. I also used them on boxes that I packed away for future use. I mailed a present to my sister in another state with some of them. They have worked great for all three purposes. They stick well and don't peel up around the edges. The markers (sharpie type) don't bleed on them. They are very effective for many purposes besides just shipping. And they do a great job for their main purpose as well.I send lots of gifts to my out-of-state grandchildren, and I love to reuse boxes I already have -- think of all the stuff Amazon sends you (what a perfect way to save a tree by recycling boxes)!One of the drawbacks of reusing boxes is that you will have to scribble out all the previous markings from the box.  Not so with these labels with TrueBlock Technology!  They have a gray coating on the back of each label, which efficiently hides even the darkest marks, even on white boxes.The only drawback is that the gray coating makes these labels "less sticky," making me wonder if they might peel off the package in transit.  To prevent this, I put clear tape on all sides of the label (just to be safe), and it's a small inconvenience, because I don't have to spend tons of time scribbling out all the markings when I send gifts to my grandchildren any more.One more benefit...  These don't "hang up" in my HP Photosmart inkjet printer, and (as long as I don't run a wet finger through the fresh ink) the ink doesn't smear.I used these for two reasons - to print addresses for shipping padded envelopes and to help label and organize my bathroom closet.They were perfect for both.The address labels were printed on an inkjet printer which I thought would smear but they came out fine. I used the standard paper setting and didn't have to fiddle with the gloss or stock weight settings at all. The colors looked nice on there, too. They were affixed to those brown padded envelopes and they stuck on really well. They are sticky and re-positionable but ONLY if you pull it off very quickly. Great size - fit full addresses with room to spare.Then, I used a Sharpie to write names on the stickers to match up with the little organization bins I have in my bathroom closet and that worked great, too. The sharpie marker looks fantastic on the matte surface.I will use these again!What can I say? Avery makes great labels. These are my favorite size, and I love that they block out what's underneath so I can reuse shipping envelopes.I bought for the purpose of placing a printed label in a small address book.  This works perfect and by using printed labels you names and address etc... are easy to read and legible, also if someone moves, just place a new label over top, possibly you might be able to remove the old one.  I have not tried that yet though.When a template works, it's great. This time... it all worked out. Adhesive, easy to use. Worked well for labels on envelopesThese 2 X 4 inch white shipping labels are just the right size for most mailings.  250 labels in the compact sleeve holder.  The smaller sized ones don't give you enough room to print out the address comfortably.  They pull off the backing, and are self-stick adhesive, and they stay stuck onto the front of the envelope without any problem.Don't waste your money on the smaller sized ones, get these instead.Highly recommended.The Avery labels have been around for a long time now and work as well as ever.  I was pleased with the value of this package.  It was becoming hard to find the plain 2X4 labels and there's enough in the pack to last me a long time.I've never had a complaint about Avery labels. By the way, here is another use I found for them. My wife is filling in as teacher for a class of 4-year olds. There are more kids than swings at recess, and this was causing fights and discontent. Now the kids get "swing tickets" printed on Avery labels (kids LOVE stickers) and based on their good behavior. So far, she says it's worked wonders.I received this through the Amazon vine program.  These labels are heavy grade of paper that will completly cover any errors that you might have made on a previous label as long as this label size is the same as your original label.  The package contains a link to a format you can use with Word that allows you to print labels that conform to the sheets you have.I have a Kodak ink printer and I had absolutely no problems feeding the sheets through it.  I was able to refeed the sheets easily if I did not use all of the labels the first time.The adhesive on the labels holds well and I have had no problem.I would highly recommend these labels for normal and for corrective labeling.I bought these labels for two reasons; one, to use as shipping labels; second, for labelling my DVD storage cases. The 2 x 4 inch size is large enough for the addresses or the movie/TV title, and they stick very well; the application is easy and fast.  The labels are bright white and well designed with a professional appearance. The labels have a grey blocking layer that covers any writing or printing underneath.I print the title of the movie or TV show and stick it to the cover of DVD storage cases. It is easy to print on these labels from my laser printer. They are of good quality and they are reasonably priced. I have rated these labels four stars for the design, quality and overall satisfaction.These are good, standard solid INK JET labels from Avery - template suggestions are always on the package (so helpful) and I've used both the 3M version, Avery version, and branded store versions (like Office Depot) - they all work well as address labels - if you are wondering how to choose, I'd make your decision based on price, and features such as the TrueBlock Technology included on these (which makes using a a recycled box or envelope much easier - it's thicker and truly covers up the older used labels below!)...as well as other features like (is it for a LASER or INKJET - this is for INK JET printers - believe me, it does make a difference!  It affects the ink, smudging, smoothness, finish, etc.) printer?  Is it the right adhesive (does it stick well enough to the type of envelopes or packages you are using)...I would recommend this product from Avery - price and a few other features will help you make a quick decision between this & other brands, but Avery has been making good labels for a long time, so I would choose Avery where I could - I like their continuous improvement process and the way I can re-use old boxes for mailing with these!  I am a bigger fan of Laser printers than Ink Jet, but I have one of each, and these work great in the Ink Jet printer!These labels from Avery work pretty much as advertised.  The dark gray backing does an excellent job of covering up whatever is underneath the label.  The size is perfect for packages, and they don't smudge easily.  I just wish the adhesive was a little bit stronger.  These labels can be peeled off without much effort, which is great if your recipient wants to reuse the box, but not so great if you want to ensure that the label stays put and can't be removed.  An easy solution (though perhaps not very elegant) is to cover the label with clear packing tape.Overall I like these labels, and I think the price is reasonable.  Perhaps in the future Avery will come out with an extra-strong/permanent version of these, which I would gladly give five stars.These Avery shipping labels are easy to use. The 2 x 4 inch size is large enough for both the to: address and a return address. They stick very well. The labels make it easy to reuse boxes and large envelopes because they have a gray blocking layer that covers any writing or printing underneath.I've had no trouble using my ink-jet printer to print the labels and the Avery templates make it snap to produce professional looking results.There are a lot of options when it comes to labels and it can be hard to pick one that is best.  Although placing a normal label on a surface with writing covers most of it up, these ensure that it does.  I tested several and they do work well.  These labels are great for packages and are the type I use most often.As for the stickiness of these labels, I would say they are about average.  They are probably not going to fall off in transit, but can peel off mostly clean or completely clean on the surface they were attached to.  Overall, these are good labels, but there isn't a whole lot of difference between them and others.Excellent cover up's for your mis-printed envelopes.  The perfect size to cover up most addresses.  Sticks well, prints excellent.  Removes from the sheet easily.These are general use return address/locate labels. 2 inch by 4 inches.  I checked MS word and MS works and Avery provided the Avery template numbers, so they worked well with all my applications without the need for me to download the templates from the the Avery website. And, of course, Avery was the industry leader in labels from the beginning, so you can not loose buying these.  And the TrueBlock really works.  I took one of the blank labels and pasted it on the dark blue folder the lables come in.  No blue shows through, it is pure white..It's environmentally friendly to reuse packaging material, but it can be annoying when you try to cover up or tear up old labels.  The Avery TrueBlock Technology comes to the rescue.  It's a time saver and frustration free solution.These labels are excellent.  They feed well and don't smudge.  Standard size and very useful.  What more could you want?I'm a label lover. My cranky old inkjet has started chewing up the occasional label sheet, but for whatever reason, these go through without a hitch. I use them for more than shipping, no home office can be without these.Avery is a brand I trust  I have tried other but not sure of names they did not stand up to the quality of Avery Labels.  They fit my files great and last for years.  I would recommend to friends.  I have been in my own business for 5 year, But used them in other companies  prior.I always used avery for mailing and shipping labels, and these are the larger sized ones for boxes, etc.  Like them.The easy-peel feature makes it easier to get the labels off the sheet. You bend the page in half and then back again. The product is fool-proof. The tricky parts are doing the mail merge into the word processor.The templates come with Microsoft Word and WordPerfect.  At the website they have templates for image processing software, too.If you have a specific question, make a comment and I will figure out the answer.I've been using Avery labels for my label needs for many years.  The best thing about Avery labels that they stick on very well, smoothly, without puckers. I use the lables also with the colored ink jet printer and black and white laser printer. The paper quality is good and there is no blurring of ink when used with ink jet printers. Laser printer results are excellent as well.I usually do need to print a huge number of labels and can't fill the entire sheet. However I found that I can reliably print the labels on the sheet in two several passes, even when some labels were alredy peeled off. o avoid labels sicking to the printer I flip the sheet and have the part that has no peeled labels go first. This really helps me to save money and only print what I need without waste.Avery redesigned the label sheet to reduce wasted paper. Avery has eliminated the paper between the row of the labels.  Despite less of a hold on the labels I am still able to feed the paper through twice as described above.There is a large variety of free templates for use with Avery labels, all you need to know is the number of the label to get the right template.  Using templates I get perfect results with several different word processors - no waste, all labels get printered and perfectly aligned.You can't go wrong with Avery labels.Ali Julia reviewRarely does a company claim something is improved that actually is better, but this is one of those rare occasions.  The simple lack of paper in between the columns of labels does wonders for the ease of peeling off a label.  Why this isn't a common practice for all printable stickers is the real question.  No more bending the paper to peel one off.  On my inkjet printer the printed labels look wonderful as far as colors and clarity.  With the template I was able to customize several mailing labels for different seasons and different addresses.  The labels affix to envelopes easily and I haven't noticed any peeling.  I have only used the labels on regular envelopes, so I don't know how they would hold up on any other type of packaging (such as padded envelopes), but will update if I ever find out.  The labels could have been a little longer to allow for a longer address in larger fonts or a small picture/clip art, but I still was able to put a small jack-o-lantern in front of my friend's address when sending her a Halloween card (only really sent her one so I could use more labels just for fun).  I just had to use a smaller font next to the clip art, but it still is a good size.Word of caution:  Depending on your printer, the printing may be off center or higher on the label than expected.  I'm almost positive this is my printer because I have had this issue with mailing seals as well, but just wanted to advise others to check this before printing many labels.I like using Avery labels because the templates never fail.  These address labels are easy to peel off and work well for mail merges.I figured these labels would be comparable with other Avery labels. these are truly smudge free and easy to peel off....no rips or tears from the sheet.Haven't felt well so I haven't used it yet a lot of times you send the reviews too sone for me to have used the productMade stickers for out gift boxes for our wedding. We printed them ourselves and they turned out great. Recommend this product.I have been using Avery labels for many years and feel you can't beat their quality.  They stick very well but peel off easily when necessary.  I have tried other brands that have been on thinner paper but have found the Avery to be the best, although the price is comparable.  For anyone who needs peel off address labels this is the one for you.Avery labels are an outstanding product and these labels have a Pop-up Edge to make peeling easy. I often tug at a label, insert my fingernail or knife under one attempting to release it, sometimes tearing the label. These labels eliminate these hassles. A bonus is that if your word processor software doesn't have a template for them, you can download it on Avery's website. I like the size of these labels, too.I have used different labels over the years and it is difficult to compete with the reliability of Avery labels.  They are the &#34;cheapest&#34; brand around but they are consistent each and every time.  I will keep on buying them.I have used Avery Labels for years and all I can say is they are still the only game in town when it comes to ease of use, quality and getting the job done on a standard ink jet printer. I can't remember an Avery Label coming off.Something I really like is there whiteness and the contrast with ink jet black. As stated they are truly easy to peel.Don't you hate it when you have to pick and pick at the corner of a label....  Avery's Easy Peel Address Labels are very easy to peel... They are a bit thinner than the Avery Repositionable labels, but still very strong. Very easy to print on and the ink - no matter the color shows up great... Be sure the check out avery's website for templates and more...Like most pieces of paper in a printer when you want it line up with something it is hard.  These labels worked perfectly and stuck on envelopes without issues.  They stick very well and if you need to remove one either don't put it on fully or just put another one over it since it isn't coming off.I'll keep this review brief:These labels are very nice. Convenient to use with my inkjet printer, and getting the template for printing them is a snap. You just go to avery.com/templates, then select 'templates' from the left, then go to the 'address labels' menu, then pick the 'clear - 30 per sheet' template that works with your word processing program (I use Word). From Word, it was as simple as selecting Open --> navigating to the template on My Documents, then filling it out and printing normally.The only thing for me is that I don't typically send to the same address a lot of times, so I won't be going through these too quickly. I do my bills and stuff online now, so... the days of needing address labels are coming to an end (for me).Still, you get a bunch of easy-to-print labels for about a cent each. Saves you time messing with a pen and could be very useful for when you're sending out invitations for which you have the addresses of the invitees on your computer and don't want to bother writing out a bunch of labels.These are just that I needed. I love the convenience of just pushing a button at work and having supplies like these delivered before I would have had time to go get them.I know it's hard to get excited about mailing labels, particularly if you do not do any broadcast mailings.  But, these labels are easy to use with MS Word templates.  But unless you are going to have a printer that serves only as a label printer, if you have only one or two labels to print, you will save time by writing them by hand because there is some setup time.  As long as you have names and addresses stored in Word, and do not have to take time to add new addresses for a particular mailing, I think three labels is the point where you start saving time by printing them on your printer.There is really nothing special about the labels, the adhesive is good and evenand the paper is bright white.  I could have given these labels a 5 star rating but Amazon's description of 5 stars is "I Love It".  While I can think of no way to improve upon this product, I cannot save "I love it" with any sincerity, hence, the rating of 4 Stars.I've used Avery labels for years and been very satisfied.  The new easy-peel feature makes these the best yet!We use address labels for mailing, for party invitations, for labeling the kids play bins and folders - all sorts of things. These slightly thicker labels are great, they feed through the printer without any problems (I'm using an HP D7360) and line up perfectly for my templates. With the normal style of Avery label I tend to pull off the outer grid, then raise each sticker one at a time - this can lead to wrinkled edges that don't stick as well. These new pop-up labels really do peel off easily and without edge damage but they don't come apart while printing. (I was afraid they would get stuck inside the printer - didn't happen). Definitely worth getting again and has a nice crisp appearance. I did see another reviewer had trouble with them sticking to poly bubble envelopes - with all my labels (except those on paper envelopes) I tend to cover them with a piece of clear tape, so I don't know if that is an issue or not. I did use them on that type of envelope, but with the tape applied as well.Updated 6/3/2012 - As these labels have aged they have developed some issues that make me reluctant to leave them with a 5 star rating. the adhesive has gotten less tacky, I now see more of the peeling the other reviewer reported. Equally annoying is a failure of my printer to recognize that these are printable. Because the easy peel has areas near the top that are not covered in label, my printer spits every fifth or sixth sheet out as unprintable. it can take a dozen re-feeds for the printer to stop thinking the page is upside down. Still love the quick release of these but the printer misfeeds are wearing me down.You can't go wrong with Avery.  They are the masters of the office products genre.  And these labels are no exception.  They are perfect.If you are doing a mass mailing, and don't want to print out envelope by envelope, here is the solution.  If you so choose, they, of course, can also be used for individual mailing.They are 1" x 2-5/8" and very appropriate for No. 10 or smaller envelopes.  Tasteful but unobtrusive size-wise.  They peel off easily and adhere easily.  They also adhere securely.This is a great find for me as I have a mass mailing of my own to do and was wondering just how to handle posting the addressee without labels appearing to make the mailing look like it could be bulk mail.  These don't appear that way and I think they are perfect for their purpose.Avery makes the best in my estimation and these work perfectly with my software and printer.  I use a smaller version for return address labels.  This is probably my tenth pack of them.This worked smoothly and seamlessly in my laser printer as well even though they are intended for inkjet. I find that Avery and 3M (same company) always make the best labels.They seem to work fine so far. For those having problems: I would suggest you only use them on paper-based envelopes or material. OR, if used on a sticky surface perhaps cover the label with shipping tape. Just my suggestion.I use these labels to do marketing campaigns for my small landscaping business, and I was so impressed with how crisp and clean they look.The only stickers on the sheet are the labels themselves, so they are super easy to peel off, and you aren't left with any stupid little bits sticking to your fingers once you're nearly done using the sheet of labels. I really love that new design.The labels also went through my printer with no issue. I was worried that because they've eliminated that outer quarter inch of excess label and just left the labels themselves on the sheet, that the sheets might get stuck in my printer or not feed as well. To test how they fed, I loaded in a stack of labels instead of feeding them one at a time as I used to. I needn't have worried, my printer took up each sheet with no difficulty and no jamming and printed out beautiful address labels.I'm very happy with the quality here. They've really managed to eliminate everything I find annoying about printer labels. Everything about these is perfect.I've always been pleased with Avery products in the past and these labels are no exception.  The quality is good and the easy-peel feature is very convenient.These are great labels: cost effective, opaque, and they peel off their backing when you are ready to stick them on something rather than inside your printer.The free Avery templates (available online) make formatting a breeze.Highly recommended.These work great in my printer, and peel easily from the backing.  We use them to put important information on business cards for reminders.Avery brand labels are the best  ..... these are just like in the store, only cheaper. It is a good product that I use a lot ...... have never had any problems with the labels I've bought from Amazon.Just got a new printer - the old one had trouble pulling through labels etc to keep on the lines. This one does not, and so the labels themselves are great No complaints!Do you ever get tired of writing out all the information onto an envelope?  Me too, so I decided to get with the 20th century (I know its now the 21st century) and print out labels.  It was so easy, that I started labeling everything from which tools should be in what drawer of the toolbox to what items are missing from the shelves at work for re-order.  This is great.  Wish I had done this sooner.  As for the brand of labels themselves, they seem to be very high quality but time will tell.I've been using Avery labels, including this style, for many years.Avery caught on to the potential of what was then known as the "micro computer" market at the very beginning and has turned out an amazing variety of labels for a bewildering array of purposes.Labels are actually reasonably complex products in terms of the technologies they employ, such as the adhesives they employ.Well, how do you take something as seemingly simple as a 1 x 2-5/8 inch label and make it better? Why not just leave well enough alone and continue with the same style as they started off with so many years ago? Avery doesn't think that way, which is good for us.Avery redesigned the carrier sheet so peeling off the labels is simple as can be. It used to be that you had to bend the sheet to separate a label from the sheet and then slip a fingernail underneath it to peel it off. Now, Avery has eliminated the paper between the row of the labels and you just bend he carrier a bit and pull off the label. Simple, faster and less frustrating then it used to be.The labels are designed for ink jet printers and I had no trouble feeding them as single sheets.There was no spreading or blurring of colored inks.Avery has long offered design templates to make creating labels a lot easier. Way back when, printers and software were less sophisticated and you really had to know what you were doing to print labels without a lot of waste and hassle. Now just download the template, use it in a major word processing or other application that supports them and you're set to go.Avery still plays at the top of the label game and this particular style carries on that well deserved honor.JerryIt serves its purpose. Has tons of labels in the pack. The Easy Peel series is unbeatable, in my opinion.These are quality labels. Easy to print and mine did not smudge - when used with both a laser printer and also a deskjet printer.  They are the right size to use on either a legal or short envelope 1x 2 1/2 inches.Look on the Avery site for templates if your word processing application does not have this label size templated.the labels COULD be a little larger to be more readable on an envelope....hence the four stars.  However, these do the job and you get more per package.I love these labels and find that they have a million uses around the house beyond just addressing envelopes and packages.  I keep a database of people to whom we send Christmas cards.  It is kept in an address label template.  Each year, I check the list to add or remove individuals and then run off a set of labels.  Doing this instead of hand addressing dozens and dozens of envelopes saves a ton of time during the busy holiday season.  If I have white envelopes for the cards I can use these labels.  If the envelopes are another color, I use the clear labels.  Changing the font easily adds a more artistic and attractive touch.  I use the same process for party invitations for our annual Super Bowl party and for other events.The labels can be used one or two at a time to address small batches of mail.  The template called for on the package is super easy to set up in the computer with no figuring out margins, spacing, offset and separation.  The Easy Peel labels are fast off the page and onto the envelope with no picking and messing with removal.These labels can also be used as name tags for get togethers where all the guests do not know each other.And the labels can be used to mark items in storage.  They mark shoe boxes to identify the contents, doll collection storage, jewelry storage and lots of arts and crafts containers.A wonderful way to keep all your life easily organized and to do it quickly and easily.For the most part I've always liked Avery products.  These particular labels feed well through the printer. Inkjet printing comes out clean and smudge free.  They also stick very well. They are the perfect size for most envelopes.  I recommend them.First, about the labels themselves: they work very well with ink jet printers, as designed, and fed through reliably with my Canon inkjet. The ink never smudged, and the labels came out perfectly clear. They are easy to peal off, and yet never peeled off when they weren't supposed to, even when I sent sheets through the printer with many of the labels already taken out. So, these are great labels, and I can't come up with a single complaint.Second, about the software: I have a Mac, so I didn't try the desktop software. However, on their website they have literally thousands of templates that will work with Microsoft office, and even Apple Pages. Much of it is a bit cheezy, but they have some very plain templates, and you can always edit out the pictures. This makes the labels extremely easy to use, as the templates avoid trial-and-error on placement and margins.All in all, a very nice label solution. One word of caution, however, and this is no fault of Avery and will happen with ANY inkjet product: the ink in inkjets is water soluble. That means if you use these for mail, you really should put transparent packing tape over the label. Probably not worth bothering to do this if you're making return labels, but mail does occasional get wet (neither rain nor sleet nor snow...) and a single drop of water can bleed an address printed on an inkjet.Avery continues to be the premier label maker, as evidenced by these fine labels. There are cheaper labels than these Avery labels, but if you need extremely high quality, then these are great.And, I've had experience with cheap labels where they get stuck half-way in the printer, and then ruin the printer. So it's my experience that a little extra on the price for good labels can save the price of a whole new printer.I liked everything about these 30-per sheet, 1x2-5/8 inch labels.Pros:+These labels are identical top and bottom, so you can feed them either way+These labels won't stick/jam in the printer, even if you have some of them peeled off. I re-fed partial sheets, and they worked well.+Very white labels+Worked well with my inkjet printer+Don't smudge very much if you get them wet+They have the unused area of the labels already torn off, so you can get to the labels easier. I think that's what makes them "Easy Peel"Cons:-None that I could see, but I'll update it if I find anyI gave these five stars, because they're about as good as labels could be.  Of course, at the end of the day, they're still labels.  They are nice, crisp, and sticky, and worked well with my inkjet printer.  (I have aCanon MP530).  Avery's new improvement is their "Easy Peel" technology - there's no label paper in between the columns, so you can bend the paper underneath to get a grip on your finished labels.  I have never noticed problems lifting traditional labels, but if it's a pet peeve of yours, then "Easy Peel" is something to look forward to.Where Avery really impressed me was their software.  If you go to their website, they have four free options to generate labels, including mail merges, included graphics, font formatting, etc.:1) The old standard, Microsoft Word mail merges with templates.  This is pretty much the same as I remembered - the 5160 template works perfectly, and I was able to do a test merge using my holiday list.2) An all online solution, "Avery Design and Print Online."  This is the standout for me.  Cool, fully online, capable of using my data files, with clip art and good features.  I like this a lot.  (It was a little finicky with my address file, but with a little editing, I got things running nicely).3) The "Avery Wizard" is a downloadable wizard that runs inside office products.  It basically does a mail merge, but simplifies things.4) "Avery Design Pro" - I had trouble figuring out this program.  It looks good for cards or envelopes, but for labels this small, it seems like more power than I needed.Avery consistently pumps out quality products and the base things you can expect from their labels hold true here: no smudging, ease of setup,good adhesive.  The added feature (although not very new, but new to me) is the Easy Peel feature.  As the product copy says, "Columns can be separated to expose label edges for easier, faster peeling".  That about sums it up.  No more folding back and prying.  If you save a second per label peeling, that's a few minutes saved on a good sized Christmas card mailing!  Anything that makes things easier in a "commodity" product warrants a five-star rating in my book.The labels are easy to create using an ink-jet printer and easy to apply.  Highly recommended.I've experimented with a number of different brands of labels but I always come back to Avery as the best.  I love Avery labels because:1) they provide a ton of free label templates on their website that are useful for a variety of purposes2) they peel easily and stick great to paper envelopes3) they are incredibly easy to print with high accuracy.  The templates ensure that you get exactly what you expect every time you print.I'm very happy with these address labels.This product works as advertised. Avery has been in the label business a long time, and knows how to specialize. They make affordable labels. The most difficult part for me in using labels made for a printer is setting up the program that has the addresses on them. Word makes this a little easier. Once this is accomplished, the labels can be put in the printer, printer settings changed to accept them, and you have printed address labels. Much quicker than doing this by hand, and they look so much better!Very easy to use these labels with Microsoft Word. I had no problem and they printed out great the very first try.what can I say other than it is labels and they work as they should. great price and performance. buy nowI've run my own business for years and tried my fair share of printer labels.  I've tried many styles and brands and Avery brand labels continue to be my favorites.  Avery seems to have done everything right with their new Easy Peel labels.  The paper is just the right thickness - blocks out any print underneath without creating a raised edge that gets caught easily.  The glue doesn't lose adhesion over time.  The paper is bright white with a smooth finish and the edges are cut smooth and clean.  Perfect!Plus the new Easy Peel feature makes peeling off a label nearly effortless.  The page is creased under the edge of the label sticker.  Just bend the page and the edge of the label pops up for easy grabbing.  Ingenious design!Number two runner up is 3M brand.  Their paper has a slightly rougher face, but their glue is just as strong.  No Easy Peel technology with 3M labels however.I've learned to stay away from Staples brand labels and the other generic brands.  The glue is worthless and the paper is too thin to cover over any old print.So if you're looking for a great printer label and don't mind spending a little more for quality, Avery brand Easy Peel labels are the way to go.  I've tried 5 different Avery Easy Peel styles and all are top notch.If you're doing a lot of labeling, this product makes it a lot easier to get the labels started.  Not much more expensive than the originals, and I think it's worth the extra couple bucks for the convenience.  Printing comes out fine on the paper, as well.These have never jammed my printer, are easy to peal off, and are strong enough to adhere to an envelope without worries.The avery easy peel address labels are a good product. The easy peel thing make is easy to get off if it was hard for you before. It worked well in my cannon MX439 printer. I would buy this product again when I run out.Great labels.  I especially like the opaque nature of these white labels.  If you make a mistake, you can just put another label on top of the previous one.Sticks great.Avery labels are my favorite brand of labels.  The work great on my laser printer.  I use these to label my catalogs and other business supplies.These easy peel labels ARE easy!  I also like the free cute templates on the avery.com/templates website.  I chose a coffee grinder and also a bee motif.  They are adorable and easy to use too.  I didn't have any problems with bleeding, and the bee had several colors all over the label.They are great for Christmas cards or any other mass mailing, since the paper backing is perforated and you can tear it away so the labels hang off the end a little.  I think they are sticky enough for everyday mailing on regular envelopes, and I print them up ahead of time to have on hand for bills and cards and things.They are a great price and don't loose their stick, I think they are great!  Will definitely recommend them.I used my entire package of these up already and have purchased these in the past several times last year to create labels for my classroom library.  They align well, the ink doesn't smudge once it dries a bit, and they adhere well.  After spending hours designing classroom bin and book labels, I want labels that can stand up to 2nd graders.  And my 2nd graders love to read.  I only had one label come off (in a year) and it had to do with someone picking at it after it got wet and became smudged.  While these are a bit more than the store brand in those big box stores, I'd rather spend a bit more and have a product work.I can always depend on Avery to give me a quality product.  These little labels are what we use the most in our household.  They are handy for everything.  We use them with the free downloadable templates from their website so they are positioned accurately and look crisp and professional.  You can just print one or a whole sheet... and now the directions are right on the back of each sheet, very handy.  If you collect boxtops for education, they are cleary displayed in an area that can easily be cut out without disturbing the contents.No jamming, yet each individual label is easier to pick up without dislodging the outside border.  No problems.Highly recommended quality product.Avery is a brand well known for labels etc and I have no complaints on this item. Arrived in gr8 condition, needed something fast and got it here with this order. Quality labels for the price. Recommended.Our town's energy committee recently had a project for which we needed about 250 peel-off labels.  Our plan was to distribute 250 CFL (compact fluorescent) light bulbs free at our town's community day (sort of like a street fair) in order to encourage people to use the bulbs to reduce electricity use.  CFL light bulbs can save about 75 percent on electricity over incandescent bulbs.  For the 250 bulbs, we calculated that for 8000 hours of use and an electric cost of $0.10/KWh the total savings vs. 100 watt incandescent bulbs for all the bulbs would be about $15,000.  There would also be a saving of 94 tons of carbon dioxide emission.Avery Address Labelswere a good choice for adding a label indicating the savings for using the bulbs and our committee's name.  The question was how to get the information printed on the labels.  At the Avery web site, I found free software, DesignPro, which makes it possible to produce label designs for different label sizes.  I downloaded the software easily and got started on the designFor laser printer labels, there were fourteen pre-made templates for the different size labels.  I chose the template that matched my labels.  Using DesignPro was a little like using PowerPoint.  I was able to cut and paste a graphics image, add the appropriate text, and choose a font for the text.  A test run on my color laser printer produced a beautiful matrix of labels.  The only problem was to find out which side of the label stock had to be up.  I can never remember.  After an up/down test, I had my sheets of labels printed in no time.Our community day give-away was a big success.  Our free light bulbs lasted about four hours.  We had enough time to peel and apply the labels as we gave away the CFLs.  One surprise is that we had to have a sales pitch even for give-aways.  The other surprise was that many people had never seen CFLs before.  I am now a big fan of Avery labels, but I recommend getting the free software to make them work.I had a chance to try a pack of these (08160) for free and figured what the heck -- I'm always annoyed at having to fill in the return address.I was expecting to have to wrestle with MS Word or something to print the labels but actually you can just go to their website, which they list on the back of the label sheet [...].  Tell it what label sheet you have (8160 in this case) and it will help you create a design and fill in the information to print and then pop up a webpage and fire up a print job.  It was as easy as could be.  No download, no messing with Word or Adobe, just a website to visit.I did a test sheet on regular paper but it was right on the first try.I see another reviewer complained about the stickiness.  I put a couple labels on a sheet of paper, pressed them firmly and let them sit for a minute and tried peeling them off.  I had to pick at the edges to get it started but then it peeled off without much tearing of the paper underneath, so I have to agree that the glue could stand to be stronger.  Still, for regular letter mail I can't imagine them coming off.  For packages, which I imagine get more friction in the mail, I would probably not use these labels.These labels are the usual kind.  The service was fine.  No problem with delivery.  I rec'd exactly what I ordered but I personally like the clear ones better.These labels work great in an ink jet printer, but each label is very small (1 x 2+5/8 inches).  There are two issues.  First, getting your ink jet to align with the labels is hard because there is no flexibility.  A slight feed error and the printing overflows on the next label, and the whole set of 30 labels must be thrown out.  Second, even when you get these lined up perfectly, the label is very small.  You can get three lines only- squeezing four lines requires type that is too small, or lines that are too closely spaced.  I gave this 4 stars because the labels are well made and work as advertised.  I took one star off because the labels are too small, and I do not understand why they would suggest these are good for address labels-  they are simply too small for most applications, and simply too small to line up properly on a printer.  The templates are fine.  But my epson printer grabs them with a slight shift each time.In all other aspects, these are excellent ink jet labels.  I tried them out in my laser printer, and it worked, but not well.  So these must be used in an ink jet printer.Recommendation:  Get the next size up unless you really need the small size for some reason.Prints great with my Epson & they don't jam in the printer. Sticks well on both letter envelopes & padded envelopes.These are general use return address/locate labels. 1 inch by 2.625. I checked MS word and MS works and Avery provided the Avery template numbers, so they worked well with all my applications without the need for me to download the templates from the the Avery website. And, of course, Avery was the industry leader in labels from the beginning, so you can not loose buying these.So far I have not had any problems with these labels but I only use them on envelopes for invitations and thank you's. What I like about Avery products is that you can always find an exact template for their products for free on their website. These labels print well, no smudging, they feed through the printer without any problem and they seem to stick well. If you want a quality product, you always get that from Avery.Having just moved, I haven't had a chance to try printing these yet, but have used a sharpie to mark them for storage containers. Good labels so far.On occasion in the past, troubles have arisen as I attempt to run various labels thru the printers, mainly for mailing. These special labels just seem to flow right thru with a nice clean look, and no mix-ups anywhere in sight. So how can you beat that for labels?  Don't know if you can!I have had bad experiences with "generic" printable labels in the past...namely, with the sheet getting stuck in my printer.  So far, I have had no problems at all with these labels.  They go through the printer smoothly.  The labels are easy to peel off the sheet as well.If you go online to the Avery website, there is a free software download that allows you to customize the labels to your liking.These are so handy for mailing newsletters for our garden club. We use a Brother 640CW printer and the labelers work very well. Note these are for ink jet.The fact that they offer the software online to customize and print all of the print stock they sell keeps me coming back for more!I recently sent out a bunch of thank you cards and used these labels to do the addresses.  I have used Avery products for years for various types of labels. The first thing I noticed was the recycle-logo on the back of the package - the package itself is made out of recycled paper and both the labels and the package are recycle-able!  Love that fact!  Then I noticed the changes to the label sheets themselves.  Now, instead of covering the entire sheet with the sticky-back paper, the sheets now only have the label (not the excess label paper around the actual labels) so it is wasting less!I printed a custom designed address label (designed a graphic in Photoshop) by using the free Avery software (downloadable at Avery.com) and they printed very nicely!  Plus - BIG plus - is that the labels are very easy to peel off the sheet to use!  Much easier!Also, the Avery software is very easy to use - you can import your own images/photos/graphics or use some of their pre-made clip-art.  you can also import mailing lists from Microsoft or print directly from Microsoft, Photoshop, Illustrator or InDesign by downloading the template you need from their website!  SO EASY!  I love printing out my own custom designs so I love using these labels!I gave some of these to my daughter to use in her business mailings and she really likes them. She told me they were easy to peel once printed and she had no problems getting them through her printer. She didn't try sending them through the printer multiple times, so don't know how well that would've workedThese Avery Easy Peel Labels are another nice addition in a go-to line of Avery products.  I have used their products in the past, and I have always been happy with their mailing labels.  This product is no exception--it is a great product too.  Things to like:1.  Avery is now printing the directions on how to print your labels right on the back of each individual printer sheet, and I am so glad that they have done this.  No more looking for the directions on how to format the printer--they are right there on the sheet (they are in English and Spanish).  It also has an address to their web site and lists all the things you can design on their site.  It also has the customer support 800 number printed on the front and back of each sheet should you run in to a problem.  The Spanish version has telephone support numbers listed for Mexico, Venezuela, Brazil, and Chile.2.  A Pack of Freebies.  Included in the labels pack is a four pack of Avery Repositionable Note Tabs.  You can use them to mark textbooks and notebooks.  A nice little bonus that gives you a chance to try a new product before you buy it.3.  Two "Box Tops for Education" coupons on the outside of the package--easy to cut without ruining the integrity of the packaging.  We save box tops in our house for the kids' schools, so this was a nice little bonus for me.4.  The packaging these come is 100% recyclable.5.  The labels are easy to print, the ink dries quickly, and come off the sheet very easily, yet stick nicely to an envelope or folder.I am very happy with these labels and would buy them again.  Another great product from Avery.I like my old HP 6840 deskjet printer. It just works and works. But the paper path flips the paper over. This is usually BAD for peel off labels. So, I was happy to try the avery easy peel labels for inkjet printers.These labels print cleanly, peel easily, and stick well. They do everything the label says, and everything a label should. I'm full satisfied. Finally.I print all my own address labels, and have done so for my at-home business for years.  Lately I've been noticing that some labels I buy don't seem to work with the template given to use with them.  I use The Print Shop Deluxe software for making up my labels, and when I designed some using the template I was told to use, they printed totally off-center and not in the right place, wasting a bunch of printer ink on unusable labels.  This seemed to mostly happen with the new "easy peel" labels, which often had one product number but said on the package to use another product number template.  I got very frustrated by this.  I tried using an on-line Avery software, and had little better luck.  I'd pretty much almost decided no longer to print my own labels, but when given a chance to review this product, thought I'd give it another try.Well, so far so good.  I've just printed up about 15 sheets of labels, and all printed precisely correctly.  I have a fairly cheap HP inkjet printer, and it has printed them well.  These are smaller labels than I usually use, as I like to put a picture on one side of the address, and these are a little too small to do that and also have room for a legible address, but that's not the fault of the labels!  They are plenty big enough for an address that can be clearly read.  The smaller size also allows lots of labels to be made from the one pack.  So for now, my faith in Avery is restored!This is an excellent product for home or office use. I tried this out for our home office, my husband's business, and it was great.It is so easy to set up the label template in MS Word, and it worked with no problem. Or, as the package says, you can go to the Avery web site and down load their template; however, it took me several tries on their website because I kept getting an "unavailable" message. But once I got through, it was easy to locate the template with their search button.The nice little touch that makes this sheet of labels different from other products is that the space between the labels on the sheet is notched. You don't notice it at first, but the instructions say to "bend at the column until the edge of the label pops up", and sure enough, that is exactly what happens.This is a very time saving and convenient way to get labels off the sheet without tears. Also, as advertised, I ran several sheets and none of them ever got caught in my printer - another wonderful convenience!So, I highly recommend the Avery Easy Peel lables.Avery products are a must for our home office as well as for work. I love the Easy Peel labels particularly because it truly is easy to peel off. I run several bulk mailings for church and these are the quickest way to get our labels done. They come out of the inkjet printer perfectly and worked in our photo copier too. I use this is conjunction with the Avery label software with seamless results.I've always had good experience with Avery products.  They're the big name in labels, business cards, etc.  Using the big guy has its advantages, for one thing it's very handy because most programs like Microsoft Office and OpenOffice.org already have defaults for most sizes of their products.  I have OpenOffice.org and it found the size easily.  On the back of each sheet, there are instructions telling how to download the Avery Wizard for Microsoft Office.  It also talks about their templates available on their website, however I've never needed to use any; I just use the ones in the word processor.You'll pay a little more for them than the generics, obviously, but it's not much more and it's worth it.  With the cheap ones if you put the label down a little crooked, it sets immediately and you tear apart the envelope and label trying to move it.  These are a little more forgiving and can be adjusted somewhat.  That's a good feature for me.  It's also handy how easy the labels are to tear off.  They don't have the usual paper around the labels.  It's open so you can more easily pull them away from the sheet.The label paper is good quality.  They're for an ink jet printer and the ink didn't run at all when I used them.  The sheets went through the printer smoothly with no issues.  They correspond perfectly with the templates in the word processing programs I use, so printing out a sheet of labels is a simple and painless.I'm quite happy with these and would happily recommend them or Avery business cards (if you're doing cards on the cheap).Haven't used Avery labels for quite some time; however, since i recently became treasurer of our HOA, it's my duty to mail dues requests twice a year - labeling envelopes is never fun, but decided to try these labels... in the past, picking the label off the sheet was a wearisome, repetitive task... but now, with Avery's redesign of its label sheets, a quick two folds of the printed sheet of labels, and label edges pop up - making the job of peel-and-place a *lot* easier! Good job, Avery!I use these labels with "Poly Bubble" mailers to ship items. Twice in the last couple of months I've had items returned because the labels came off at some point during shipping. The mailers I'm using are brand new and have a smooth surface; there is no reason an address label shouldn't stick to them. It's possible these labels work better with paper-based envelopes and mailers, but I no longer trust these labels and am in the process of looking for an alternative.We use these labels for all of life's major milestones. They've been used for wedding invitation, wedding thank you's, thank yous, birth announcements, christening invitations, and more. I wouldn't use anything else. Great quality. We use them in an HP inkjet printer.These are a bit thicker than the generic labels I've been using for a while. They are indeed easier to peel making short(er) work of large labeling tasks. No problems with jamming, smudging or sticking. They work perfectly in my HP printer. No complaints.I've tried all the cheap brands and Avery is still the best when it comes to these labels. They print cleanly and smoothly without jamming in the printer. They also adhere solidly to the surface which is important. Even if it's a little more, I rather pay for this and have peace of mind knowing the labels aren't going to fall off somewhere. Good stuff.Although I have had the opportunity to use other brands through the Vine program, I am still very pleased with the price and performance of the Avery brand of labels.  I have never had an issue with these labels smudging or jamming in my laser printer.  I use these not only for address labels, but also for frequently used notes on packages (e.g. Fragile) and to label file folder boxes as well.  The templates to use create the data for the labels are included with Microsoft Word and make easy work out of getting them printed properly.There isn't much to write about a standardized product such as labels.  These are good quality, and they work well in our HP LJ2200D printer.They stick where you put them.Highly recommended.Avery is the standard for computer printed labels, and have been for years.  These laser labels print well, don't smear, and stick well to envelopes.Why did I give them a 4* review?  Because I think this new "Easy Peel" label is a solution looking for a problem.  I've labeled thousands of envelopes (I sell real estate and send out mailers on a regular basis), and I never had a problem with the old style label.These "Easy Peel" labels have a line where you fold the paper and the edge of the label sticks out making it easier to peel off.  When I tried this, the top labels stuck out fine, but the sheet didn't quite fold on the line so the bottom labels didn't stick out as well.  I'm not sure that taking the time to fold the sheet 3 times to peel off the labels actually saves any time.I haven't done a major mailer with these labels yet, but I think the regular Avery labels are just as good.As address labels these do everything you'd expect them to do - you can print names and addresses on your printer, peel them off easily, and stick securey to envelopes. If your wordprocessor doesn't have a template for them, one can be downloaded from [...].However I also used these labels for another purpose - organziing several closets. No longer do I have to remember which sheld the fitted king sized sheets are on and which is the fitted queen sheets - just print out what you need on these labels, stick them to the front of the shelves, and you're done. (Just use a nice large readable font). I reorganized the linen closet, hall closet, and basement closet using them and I couldn't be happier.These labels work perfectly.  Labels are such a time and effort saver, and they are so versatile; there are so many things you can do with them.  I can't imagine living in a world without labels.  These particular ones are for laser printers, but they can also be used just for writing on.  They are easy to peel.  They are address labels, but you can use them for a variety of different reasons.  These labels are really awesome.Convenient, practical, good quality, and they make life easier.  These labels can do so many things and you can use them for so many reasons - the list is endless.Highly recommended for office, home, school, workshop, playroom, etc. - the list is endless.and yes, they are easy to peel off, haven't caused a printer jam, print nicely and sticks well. i don't know what the difference is between the 5160 and 5260 because they seem to be the same size. from what i can tell, the only difference seems to be that the 5160 comes in a much larger pack (3000 labels) than the 5260 (750 labels). so if you're in need of many more labels than 750, i'd buy the 5160 instead of multiple packs of 5260. but for casual home users who don't want 3000 labels (that's 100 sheets of labels - it's a lot), the 5260 would be a better choice even though you spend more per label - buying in excess is more wasteful than paying for a smaller pack.Found myself using these handy little strips for labeling all kinds of things... you will too !Avery makes some really great products.  It's certainly a name you can trust.  These labels work great for my needs.  I also love the available downloads from the Avery website.  I've had nothing but a pleasant experience with this item and getting the job done.The price seems to be pretty reasonable.  I would also like to add that the price on Amazon is, I think, a little bit cheaper than what I have paid in the past at a couple of different office supply stores (not to mention any names).These are your world famous Avery 5160 style labels. It is so well known, apparently, that "5160" is a registered trademark...interesting.TESTINGMy first tests with with an HP OfficeJet Pro K5400 and HP DeskJet 5650. Yes, these are inkjet printers and this is supposed to be a pack of laser labels. Despite that fact, the labels performed very well.  Large text and small text are both clear and crisp with minimal ability to smear (not any more than any other paper).In my test with an HP LaserJet 4050, it went through the printer perfectly and the printed labels look terrific.FEATURESThe "Pop-up Edge" for fast peeling is useful. This is by no means unique, as 3M has the same thing in their labels, but it is useful for quickly pulling labels off. It works by having a perforation strip under the right edge of each label column, so you can fold the sheet and the edge of the label will stick out and be ready to pull off.ADHESIVENESSAs for the adhesiveness, it is a moderate stick -- you can carefully peel it off once you stick it on, but it will not go anywhere if stuck on paper.As you would expect from Avery, these are very high quality labels good for home or office that have stood the test of time.I tried this product and liked it, but tried to call Avery to gather more information on their products and was disappointed with the fact that they have outsourced all of what used to be US jobs to Manilla, Philippines!!! On their web site, Avery give the appearance that they are located in Brea, California, but in reality all of their consumer inquires, information on their products, software support, and general questions are all routed to the Philippines. I was not able to connect with anyone in the USA after more than 30 minutes on the phone with several different people in Manilla.In addition, all of their products are manufactured in either Mexico or China. I am hesitant to use or recommend Avery products since there are very few US jobs associated with any their products.**************************************************My initial review of the product was good prior to my call to the "Consumer Service Center" in Manilla:I downloaded the Avery Wizard 4.0 to help me make the labels. It took some time to download and install, but well worth the time. The wizard was easy to use. Once you down load the software there will be a new toolbar in Microsoft Word. You simply click the Avery button and it gives you a comprehensive list of all of the Avery products (listed by product number). After that is takes you through a few easy-to-understand wizard windows to enter the text and layouts your labels. Once completed, you have a MS-Word document that you can save on your computer and reprint if needed. I was able to make address labels with a small graphic quite quickly and easily.Even though these are listed for use on a Laser printer, I used them on my ink-jet printer and they turned out quite well. Even after roughing up the label by crunching it up, it stayed clear and legible. The "Easy Peel" backing allows you to reposition or remove the label although it does hold in place and will not easy fall off.These labels are nice.  They remove from the backing very easily as promised.  I gave he product 4 stars because there are 750 in a package, so for business that might be fine, but personal use 750 labels will last a lifetime.  Avery does make a quality product that prints up very nicely in most printers.  I would recommend this product.These work like a charm if you use the corresponding template.  M printer is hardly the latest model but still works so I really appreciate that the lables don't get stuck in the printer. Other good points: the ink does not smudge and they are easy to peel and stick.Side-by-side comparison:3M Address Labelsare just as good, and usually less expensive. Go for the better price.I've used Avery and 3M labels for years.The 3M have the same easy-peel layout, without the laughable salesmanship.The 3M package claims "Permanent Adhesive" and "Strong Stick." The Avery stick just as well, or almost as wellI find the 1" x 2-5/8" size is big enough if you use size 9 font (Arial). I get up to 38 characters per line x 5 lines.I like to print address labels and these are wonderful.  They peel off easily but don't jam up the printer.  I highly recommend them for home offices and for people who need to print labels at home.Another effective Avery office product that's relatively easy to use. Works fine with our home(Panasonic) and office(HP) laser printers (I didn't bother trying the labels with our ink-jet printers).  Avery provides FREE templates for Microsoft Word and also their own Design and Print Online.  It was easy to print out address labels for our clients.  Just make sure the printing is aligned properly with the labels.  The Pop-up Edge feature ensures effortles peeling of the labels.  There were no smudging.  Avery has kept it simple and useful.These are easy to use and I only had to use 2 sheets of plain paper to get them aligned. It works fine with my cannon printer but I prefer to put them in 1 at a time. I didn't have a problem with these but I one had a problem with the printer taking more than one sheet then it wanted to jam.I like the size they are big enough to clearly see the address but not too big to take up too much space.I several pages with return addresses and I will save some for addressing envelopes at Christmas time.These are simple to use. An easy download into Word and they printed great. The peel was easy and looked amazing on the envelopes!If you are accustomed to office store brand labels which are simply incised through the top layer of peel-and-stick paper, you are in for a pleasant surprise with these labels from Avery. The user only needs to bend the paper at each vertical row and the labels stick up on the ends for easy removal. These are also comparably priced to the office store brands in a similar quantity. So given the choice, buying these more convenient to use labels is a no brainer. At this writing, though, I could not find these in large quantities, so the office store brands can still beat these in price in large quantities. Nevertheless, I recommend these and feel the ease of use saves enough time to warrant additional expense for larger quantities.I have been using Avery 5260 address labels for years.  They are perfect for addressing envelopes, labeling files, and even captioning photos in albums.  Avery labels are easy to use, rarely smudge, and peel off easily. The package contains 25 sheets, 30 labels per sheet for a total of 750 labels.  Avery address labels are handy for home, school, or office use and work well with most printers.  Highly recommended.I got a laser printer and wanted to try out the laser version of these address labels. They are great! Print great and stick great. And they are easier to remove than they used to be. I use address labels for addresses (obviously), but also for all sort of things. Mainly labeling things. But you'll be surprised at how versatile these can be!Avery is a brand that has been doing laser labels for as long as I can remember and they put out a very nice product.  This particular size, the 5260 is the perfect size for address labels for envelopes.  Three columns, ten long means you get 30 labels to a sheet.Easy peel off, easy printing with no jams.  The perfect label.The nice thing about Avery is that it works seamlessly with Microsoft Office.  In word they have templates for all the Avery laser labels and you just have to select which one you are using and the blank template just pops up.  Sometimes with generic brands, this is not the case and you have to manually set your parameters which while doable for a regular MS Word user could prove to be quite an obstacle for the casual user.I highly recommend these labels to anyone.  They will not give you trouble.I have been using Avery mailing labels for quite a while. I was successfully printing addresses on Avery 8160 labels in both ink jet and laser printers, so I was puzzled when I found the Avery 5260 labels designed specifically for laser printers. The only difference I detected is the strip of label paper along the left edge of the page of labels. I suppose this helps prevent jamming in laser printers, but I never experienced jamming with the 8160 nor 5260 labels.I have switched to laser printing exclusively because the cost per page is so much lower with the lasers printers and the ink never smudges once it leaves the fuser.The bottom line on this is, I will probably continue buying the Avery 5260 labels.. .for just about anything. I use these 1) to label my chargers and wires that seem to multiply on their own in the drawer. 2) Put reminders on. . .just about anything. 3) Little notes for my hubby that won't get lost or blow away. 4)Of course, for files, papers, notes. Easy to remove from the backing. I don't do mail merge, but that's what their made for. Be creative.Overall these are very good labels and my complaint doesn't really count since they directions say not to run the sheet of labels through the printer more then once, but I do.  With the easy peel labels the sheet tends to get stuck a little more in the printer then before, but it's not a ton.  And I reuse sheets because really, I'm not wasting a whole sheet for 2 or 3 addresses!  Besides that I've never had a problem with these labels smudging or not sticking, I've always been pleased with Avery labels.Labels are bright and peel easily.  They adhere well to my crushed velvet and make a great presentation.  Easy to use.I've been using Avery's 5267 product to make return address labels for some time now, but despite the increasing quaintness of postal mail, I still have a few people and companies that I mail things to every so often, so tried out Avery's 5260 address labels for laser printers to print up some address labels.  They just work.If you haven't used this type of product, it's a breeze if you have almost any working version of Microsoft Word, because Word has built-in templates for Avery's various labels.  Just open or create a document, type in the address you want on the label, select Mailings/Labels (in Word 2007 - varies by version), tell it that you want to use Avery 5260 labels, and Word knows how to lay out the page and to replicate the text 30 times to fill out a page of identical labels.  Or you can give Word a list of addresses from a mailing list and it will lay them out to fit on the Avery product.This appears to be a new generation of Avery's line of labels, with "pop-up edges" to make it easier to peel each label from the page, as compared to older versions which required you to bend the page or pry out each label with your fingernails.  Amazing how it's possible to improve even a seemingly mundane product.Anyway, these just work and I don't even think about them when creating or using them - which to me is the definition of usefulness and quality.No smudging, no pulling off the sheet when printing, and they come off easily when desired.  No complaints on these labels.I purchased these since some other brands I had purchased were not sticking to the envelopes well, and the laser ink on them actually was not sticking well at all.  This brand, so far, is working OK. I haven't done a super critical test yet.  But the printer is a high grade Brother semi-commercial, so I am sure the fusing is not the fault of the printer itself.I've been using the Avery products for years and this is just as good as most of their other products.  The thing to remember is to use the proper template and to run a trial through your printer first.  Sometimes your printer runs the pages through crooked and you don't want to waste the stickers if they are going to come out crooked.Great labels. Easy to use. Didn't come off in my laser printer. Very happy with productI've used lots and lots of labels over the years and believe the Avery Easy Peel Address Labels a great value for the money. Of course, you can also use them with inkjet printers, etc. Check it out.I don't know how Avery continues to improve on products that seem to work so well, but they manage to find ways to tweak their labels to make them even easier to use.These labels work as promised - no jamming in my printer, the print is legible and clean, and the labels peel off like magic. I've used Avery products for years and I'm never disappointed. These labels are no exception. They zip out of my printer in a jiffy, and the labels are great to use on all sorts of packaging. I ship a lot of things in the craft bubble mailers, and these labels stick like a charm.These meet my basic requirements extremely well:- They come off the printer cleanly, without jamming.- They don't smudge.- Peeling them off the backing is simple and clean.- And they adhere nicely to the envelope.They work great!This is yet another great label product by Avery.  Of course it works with Avery's DesignPro template software.  I used these in a HP LaserJet printer and had no issues with smudging--all the print was clear.  The only thing I did not like was the pop-up edge for fast peeling.  It works great if you print a full sheet of labels each time, but occasionally I only need to print a few labels and when the sheet goes through the printer a few times it can start to separate easily.  Not a big deal, just something to be aware of if you only print a few labels at a time.  I would recommend these labels and I would buy them again!Yes, these labels are just as they are described, but even better than I expected.From past experience with printing labels, I figured I'd have to spoil a few sheets to "get the system zeroed-in."I was wrong.  I clicked on my label options, selected the appropriate Avery label number, and voila! printed my first sheet of labels--which were perfect.As they advertise, the labels are also extremely easy to peel, so I'm very pleased and will reorder these labels again and again.Make note that this product is for laser printers!  Great product for office or at home use.  If you have a mass mailing to do, you will find Avery templates and labels extremely useful.  These products come with Easy Peel technology to make sticking the labels on envelopes even easier.  Anytime you have to print labels, look to these Avery labels.  A good value for your money.  You can address 750 envelopes with just one package.  Do you know how much time mail merge, a printer, and some avery labels will save you.  You won't be disappointed!So far so good... I print a few labels at at time on a page so I may often put the same sheet back in my printer several times.  Not having the white column separation paper in between the columns helps eliminate the chance of jamming. Removing a label from the page is easy and trouble free.  For my type of use it seems a good choice.  Thumbs up!Avery has done it again!  Been using their product for years and I think these are a good improvement over prior functionality.I did use the template and verified that the printing surfaces were clean and ready to go prior to use.  In this way, the labels printed smoothly and easily.  There was not smudging.  The labels did not get stuck in the printer.As the sheet includes just labels (no margins), they peeled off easily and could be subsequently appliedquickly and neatly to the envelopes.  The finished look was neat and very professional and ready for mailing.Overall,  these are terrific  address labels for any user.I use labels on a regular basis, be it in the office or at home.  My number one brand of choice is always Avery.  Now Avery has enhanced the labels by making them smudge proof and easy to peel.  When ever I have a big job and have to peel over 100 labels...you better believe I want a label that can peel easily and quickly and this product delivers just what I want.  Some may think a label is just a label, but not so.  If you want the best of the best, buy Avery.If you have a home business or non-profit, these labels are helpful.  And they don't clog the printer.  And they peel off easily.  I have found uses for labels I didn't know about--the bins in the basement of old toys, LPs, pictures of Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert before they were funny.  Labels are a wonderful way to save time and trouble.  And these labels really are that.Compared with the same size Avery labels of different spec, you pay more than twice for this easy-peel feature per label.Avery Easy Peel White Mailing Labels for Laser Printers, 1 x 2-5/8 Inches, Box of 3000 Labels (5160). The easy-peel feature is simply a strip-away of remaining pieces on the paper. It then offers you " Pop-up Edge for fast peeling". I don't think it is worth the extra charge at all. Go get the basic one. You will be very happy with it.I do catalog mailings about once a month at work, we're a small company so I do the job from start to finish, stuffing and sealing envelopes, printing labels, attaching labels and running postage.The two things that take the longest in this process are stuffing the envelopes and peeling the labels to stick on the envelopes. This product doesn't solve both of these, but it sure takes care of one of them! These labels worked flawlessly in our printer, then just bend the backing and the edges of each label are there and ready to be peeled.Cut my labeling time nearly in half!I was a bit concerned that "easy peel" would mean "not sticky", but the labels adhered nicely to the envelopes, with no corner lifting at all.Great product!i ordered these labels because of the features promised: the Pop-up Edge(tm) for fast peeling and jam-free and smudge-free labels every time. i like how they perform-- they do indeed pop up easily when you bend the paper they are stuck to, and they print on very nicely. i also use them for writing by hand as multipurpose labels for photos, folders, books and binders to organize my files.These are good, standard solid labels from Avery - template suggestions are always on the package (so helpful) and I've used both the 3M version, Avery version, and branded store versions (like Office Depot) - they all work well as address labels - if you are wondering how to choose, I'd make your decision based on price, and features such as the Easy Peel (which makes using a LOT of these go much faster - think Christmas card mailings, wedding/shower invitations, etc)...as well as other features like (is it for a LASER or INKJET) printer?  Is it the right adhesive (does it stick well enough to the type of envelopes or packages you are using)...I would recommend this product from Avery - price and a few other features will help you make a quick decision between this & other brands, but Avery has been making good labels for a long time, so I would choose Avery where I could - I like their continuous improvement process!I rarely download templates for labels. I use the built-in mail merge in Word and it already supports pretty much every label made - including this one (5260.)I've been using Avery labels for over a decade, and this latest generation is a marked improvement. The biggest pain with previous labels was removing the label from the rest of the sheet - you know, the remainder after the labels were removed. These labels don't have that "remainder" - just the labels. It makes peeling off the labels easier, cleaner and faster.They fed fine on my laser printer and inkjet.People that complain about smudging on the 1st page need to clean the printer more often with a cleaning sheet, or pre-feed heavier stock. Labels are pretty thick!  Little fuzzies, pet hair (yes, I have found pet heir in my inkjet print head) and the like may not cause problems with normal paper. But put in card stock, photo paper or labels - you can have a mess.  That's why I'll always print a small color block on a piece of card stock BEFORE using labels, or use card stock as the first print as a test.  It's a lot cheaper than wasting a sheet of labels!Feeding: I always print test pages.  For example my laser printer has three drawers and a manual bypass. One drawer requires the labels be down.  Two drawers need them facing up. Manual bypass facing down, and tail-end in first.  Envelopes are even more confusing. With paper this is not a concern, with labels it always is.Here's a tip. Take a piece of paper. Use a pen and write TOP on the paper. Flip it over, write BOTTOM. Then draw an arrow on one edge- the edge that goes in the printer first.  Print a sheet of "labels" on this paper. Examine it. Scratch your head.  The results are often confusing - but will save you a ton of headaches.There's enough separation between labels to avoid printer run over. You won't go wrong with this high quality Avery product.These print very well, didn't jam my printer.  Just bend the sheet a little and the edge of the label pops up for easy removal from the sheet.  Sticks very well, doesn't seem like it would have a problem coming off, in the mail.This is a VINE review.As with other Avery products I've purchased, these laser labels are worth every penny.  The paper is solid, the labels peel easily, the sheets don't clog my printer, and they work perfectly for making address (or other kinds of) labels.  On top of this, they have free templates on their website, which are quick and easy to use.I'm quite sure I'll never purchase any other brand.  I highly recommend these labels.The Avery Easy Peel Address Labels are pretty good labels for the printers. The templates site was not too user friendly. I would suggest searching for the template 5160 instead of trying to look through it to find the correct one. I got the template in a word document format and it was pretty easy to type out.Just a hint, it takes two tabs to get over to the next label to start typing.The confusing part comes from the instructions on the labels. It shows as feed paper only one side. If you have a priner that has the tray on the bottom for loading, I would suggest you turn the sheet around so it prints properly. I accidentally put it the way it told me to and instead, it printed the labels on the back. Furthermore, I used these with a inkjet printer and it worked great as well.So these labels are as described, easy to peel and fairly easy to use. Just make sure to turn the sheet so the back faces you when loading if your printer is a front-load one.These labels are great - good quality, the ink doesn't run on them, and they peel off easily from the backing.They are a nice, bright white and are suitable for professional use.I'd like to review this item, but since ordering it over a month ago, it still hasn't come.If you have a mailing list in the hundreds, anything that shaves a little bit of time on the boring and repetitive parts of the project is very welcome. This new "easy peel" design couldn't be easier to use. You just bend the column every so slightly and you get an easy to grab edge that allows you to peel off each label without having to grab a corner by nudging with your fingernail, over and over again--even after going through the heat of a laser printer. I have found them to feed through smoothly (only one sheet at a time), not get jammed, not have one of the label corners accidentally adhere to the roller or feed dogs of the printer (yes, this has happened to me and it's a nightmare I'm glad to be able to put behind me). They work like a charm.NOTE TO AVERY:As much as I have loved these labels, I STILL have a slight objection. It has nothing to do with either quality, functionality, or design. It has to do with size. These one-inch high labels easily accommodate a three-line address. A four-line address fits. However, if you want to take full advantage of your word processor's capabilities and add a zip bar code line (which really DOES work in getting your mail delivered faster), you can fit it in on the three-line address, but it gets cut off on the four-line address.If you have a longer address structure, you're absolutely doomed. For example: I have several unmarried couples on my list. They each require a line. (Mr. John Smith, Ms. Mary Jones). I also mail some company executives, and this becomes a nightmare:Mr. John Smith, PresidentThe ACME Company1234 Main Street, Suite 5City, State, Zip//////bar code////////.This address does not fit on a 1" label.This makes creating a large mailing a real problem. I print the whole list (800+) in this label, then discard the ones that didn't fit and re-do them manually on label #05163, which are the next size up but, at 2" x 4" they are really to BIG. (#5962 which is 1 1/3" high doesn't provide that much of an improvement and it's still 4" wide!)Please, Avery, make a 1.5" x 3" label to accommodate the longest names and titles and the longest addresses and not look horrible on the envelope--and make them Easy Peel, just like this one.I like to use my laser printer to print labels for Christmas cards each year.  It is so much easier to load a sheet of labels and print a bunch of address labels rather than hand-write the address on each envelope.  I have used other laser printer labels for this purpose in the past, but they were an off-brand and somewhat difficult to configure with Microsoft Word.  These Avery labels are easy to use.  [...]. has free software available that makes printing on their labels quick and easy.  These particular labels use their 5160 template even though the box says 5260 on it.  You can print 30 labels per sheet.  As advertised, each is easy to remove.If you are looking for white labels for use on a laser printer, these are perfect for addressing envelopes.  They are sized small enough that they could be used for labeling other things such as small storage boxes, CD boxes, etc. although I'm sure their major use is intended for envelopes.  They are cumbersome to use if you only want to generate a few labels at a time, but if you need them in large quantity, this is the way to go.What can I say. They are very good labels. Peel off easy. Stick well. Don't smear when printed on. Doesn't jam up my printer. Can't think of anything else they would be need to do so 5 stars from me!These 1" x 2 5/8" labels have many uses. I've been using them for quite a while, and they've always performed perfectly. They stick well and they don't smudge.Also, although Avery says that each sheet should only go through a printer once, who works like that? I've done sheets printing one label at a time, with no problems at all. If you do that, I'd recommend starting with the bottom row of labels and working your way up. Of course, your laser printers might be different from mine, so your mileage might vary.The labels now have a "Pop-up Edge" for easy peeling, but I haven't used it, since I usually print one label at a time. The pop-up edge facilitates peeling of an entire column of labels at once. However, I've never had the slightest bit of trouble peeling labels off individually.They are excellent labels, and Avery offers software and/or templates to make it easy to print on them.These are terrific "every day" labels. I've tried them on both my laser and inkjet printers and have had no issues with smudging or jamming.The labels are thick enough that they don't appear see through.  They hold ink well.  The adhesive is very strong-no worries that the labels will peel off in the mail.I highly recommend these for you everyday no frills address labels.like the clear mailing labels a lot...usually more expensive than the white ones but look much nicer on oft colored envelopes...got these on a offer of buying 3 getting 1 free...Use these all the time.  Love them.  Great value when bought on Amazon.  Can be a tish hard to pull off, but if you bend the backing paper, they come off like a charm.These worked great for us. We pasted them on light parchment envelops and they disappeared. The ink was nice and crisp coming out of the printer. They were ok to remove from the sheet and adhere. Nice product.I love Avery labels, and always find a good deal on Amazon.  The work great on my laser printer.  I use them to label my catalogs and other business supplies, they work great.Came as described. The template is easy to use for mailing labels. They are a little small, so maybe get the next biggest size if you are looking for something more significant than a return address label.on envelopes, peels easily. If there is a problem, it is that it's very difficult to center things because if you're typing, it's hard to see where the individual labels are.They work well in my Canon multifunction printer scanner.  If it didn't work I wouldn't order the4 same thing again.  Only complaint is that the one edge seems to pull away from the backing paper before I'm ready for it.These labels are ideal for my printer and easy to peel off.  I would recommend them to anyone in the market for these types of labels.I like the size and quality of these note cards.  Made up invitations to a 70th birthday party for a friend and everyone thought they were professionally made.  Highly recommend.We bought these to use for Christmas cards. They are very nice, so much better than the quad fold cards. We were very impressed with them. Nice to have the envelopes that fit them too. I will buy them again.We use these in our business to send thank you notes to our customers with our own custom design on our color ink jet printer.  I always get them in a couple of days and really like the quality.I use these Note Card sheets for printing all my greeting cards.  For Christmas cards, thank you cards, get well cards, etc... I subscribe to a greeting card membership that allows me to make my own cards... to edit the verses, and to even modify the designs. I use these ALL THE TIME for all my cards. They are great. I have both size sheets to make the 4" x 5" cards and to make the larger cards of 5" x 8". Amazon supplies me with the material, and I make the cards.. it is FUN and I even get to add my name to the cards too. Avery is the best product for making cards.  Their paper is QUALITY and Avery makes ALL types of paper to print your cards on...Thank you Avery and thank you Amazon.I use these to print out my art work.  They are sturdy and I print on both sides.  I only wish that they came with a glossy side.  I'm sure there would be a demand for them.I use these in my home based small business. They are a fine product and I have no complaints about them. They are both professional looking and inexpensive... these are a basic, easy to use product.These are very good quality cards that can be printed for any purpose - Thank You, Invitation, X-mas cards etc. etc. Although the box says that they are for inkjet printers, I have used them in Dell, Brother & Samsung laser printers without any problem.But I did need to download the template from the Microsoft Office web site. The template also works for iWork & Pages in Mac - just open the template from the File menu in Pages. Then I found out that Avery has software providing templates for all its products at its web site. The software is DesignPro for Mac and Wizard for Microsoft Office on Windows and is available for free download at Avery web site. As of July each card and envelope comes to about 28 cents a card. Not bad.Bottom line - good product, saves from running to store each time you need a different kind of card and then you can also customize the card.Can't beat this price for 700 labels.  Works perfectly in my Dymo LabelWriter 400.  I have not experienced any of the issues reported by other users such as labels not printing due to no black markings on the reverse side of the label.  Nor have I had any issues with them not being sticky enough.  It will take a while for me to go through these.  I don't print a lot of labels.  But I will definently purchase again.Great labels for a great little machine.  I prefer the DYMO Brand of labels as opposed to the off brand name.  What more can one say!I use these all the time. Solid product that works as advertised. No jams no problems just solid, trouble free, everyday performance for label printing. I use them for address labels and for labels for file folders and other items for which I want a label..I use these in my Dymo LabelWriter 400 Turbo and they do the trick nicely. Easy to load and they print out crisp and clear text.We have a Dymo label printer. The label quality is perfect. We constantly run labels for Fed-Ex & USPS. The labels stick & ink doesn't smudge.Perfect addition to any dymo label maker...makes those sheets of address labels seem like a thing of the past!Perfect for my Dymo Label Writer 450.  Good quality.  Just what I wanted at a good price.  I couldn't find these locally.These Dymo are the best product to use in a Dymo labelwriter. I've used other cheaper brands and they are not as white and look cheap.  Go with true Dymo.These are awesome, however I'm going to look for cheaper labels, as I found ones for the 4XL printer that were the same quaity but 20% cheaper.This is a great product and is what I wanted. Just sucks I have to buy my own supplies for work.Check the size before buyingDYMO brand labels are more expensive than generic labels. A lot more expensive sometimes. However, I burned through 2 DYMO label printers with inferior generic brand labels. They got the machine jammed up and caused the entire machine to burn out and fail. Generic labels caused me a big headache and lost money and time. I still like my DYMO printer, but I learned my lesson the hard way. Spend the extra money on DYMO brand labels. Yes, they are probably charging a little too much, but it is what is. The labels are high quality and won't ruin your printer.While I love DYMO's printing of labels, I really despise their white labels.  A little bit of sun and heat and the thermal paper blacks out.Now, their clear labels are a whole other story...I love them!!  These allow a more professional look on envelopes, packages, and return mailer cards.Buy the clear labels - you will fall in love with how quick and easy they are to use.The machine has been in service for a long time and has performed flawlesslywith the use of Dymo original labels. Highly recommended.I've bought a lot of labels over the years, and I find that the original Dymo brand labels are always the nicest/brightest/whitest.  If you want nice bright/white labels, this is the best option in my opinion.I have used my Dymo label printer for a number of years, and am very pleased with it.  The labels work well and the output is excellent.....what more can I say??There really isn't much to say:  assuming you have decent label printing software, these labels label.  After a couple of months they seem to stick in place in contrast with other products I've used.Avery File Folder Labels are fast and easy to use. The paper is nice quality and they are easy to peel off. It works well on my ink jet printer and states it works with laser printers too. The labels are on acid free paper. I like that the labels are not side by side connected together like some labels I have used in the past but the labels have spaces between them (side by side) so they come off easy. The labels are close together on top and bottom but they don't stick together. Has anyone used labels like I had where the labels hang together or stick to the paper when peeled off? Ugh, I hate that. This one will not do that.I also like that it came with four free samples of Avery Note Tabs that was a pleasant bonus. Another great feature Avery has is free templates online for Microsoft Word and an Avery Design and Print. Going online, I found 44 templates listed for the file folder labels but about a handful of templates that will work with these specific file labels. They are basic but get the job done and look good printed out. Another freebie is the Avery Wizard for Microsoft Word for more creating. I use Wordperfect X5 and the templates work fine in it. I have yet to explore the other software listed but I just thought it was a great added bonus for using their templates. I will buy from Avery because they not only give quality labels, but go the extra distance and give more to boot.I tried this product and liked it very much, but tried to call Avery to gather more information and was disappointed with the fact that they have outsourced all of what used to be US jobs!!! If you call Avery's Consumer Service Center (1-800-462-8379 number listed on their web site as Brea, California) you will be given several choices of support all of which route you to their customer, product, and software staff in Manilla, Philippines.I wanted to get more information on where their products are manufactured. The operator I spoke with and her supervisor both assured me that all Avery products are made in the U.S.A. in Brea, California, but some of the raw materials may be from other countries. They were unable to route me to anyone in Brea to confirm this information. After examining the packaging I have I found a sticker that said "Made in Mexico." Other Avery products I have say either Mexico or China. None say U.S.A.I am very hesitant to use or recommend Avery products since there are very few US jobs associated with their products.**************************************************My initial review of the product was good prior to my call to the "Consumer Service Center" in Manilla:I have used sharpie pens on all my well-used file folders and decided to try these file folder labels by Avery. I was surprised how well they blocked out the old hand-written tabs with clean new labels. The TrueBlock Technology is simply a silver backing on the sticky side of the label.As for the templates, I downloaded the Avery 8366 template for MS-Word on Avery's website, but was disappointed that I could not get the text to center on the label when I increased the text to a legible size. So, I downloaded the Avery Wizard 4.0. It took some time to download and install, but well worth the time. The wizard was easier to use than the template. It comes with a few colorful graphics to make your labels interesting. I was able to use a big text size and center the text vertically and horizontally.Once I had my labels printed out, it was easy to peel and place the labels right in the file drawers, and I had a whole file drawer of easy-to-read folder tabs.A couple side notes. 1) Avery required that you give them your name and email for downloading a simple template which I didn't like. In addition during the Avery Wizard 4.0 install there is a box automatically checked to also install the Avery "Ask" toolbar and make it your default search engine. You can easily uncheck it, but rather tricky of Avery to set as the default to install additional software on your computer. 2) If you try and remove the label on your file folders, they do not easily release and you'll peel off some of your file folder with the label.Again, this may be a useful product, but very disappointing that Avery continues to outsource all their customer support and manufacturing!I've long been a fan of Avery products. Every time I buy an off-brand just to save a few cents, I always end up with paper jams or unusable smudged, smeared, or incorrectly placed labels. Avery products are always well-made and supported by every device that I use in my office. The Avery File Folder Labels are no exception.Speaking of software and formats, even if the program you have doesn't support Avery (I can't imagine which one that would be...) you can go to their website and download templates or even use their website to print! (This one is great because our office includes not only PC's but also several Linux machines).Lastly, I was happily surprised to see the inclusion of 2 "Box Tops". My children's school does an excellent job of collecting these and turning them in. It is nice to finally see these great incentives on products other than snack food.When is a label not just another label? When it's an Avery label! :)Since I usually print only one label at a time, I'm pleased a sheet will go through the printer many times correctly. I've used various software programs for printing these labels and they always come out looking great, plus a single sheet doesn't seem to be affected by the heat from the laser printer and even after many trips through, the labels still release cleanly, then stick well to the intended surface.  Even better, they can be removed cleanly when no longer needed.I use them for file folders as intended, but also for jars of stored goods in the kitchen.  These may be multiple jars of the same thing, e.g. jelly, or one jar of a newly ground spice.  I've given up thinking I'll remember what's in all those little spice jars.  There's plenty of room on these labels for the name of the contents and the date.I don't always use the printer.  I keep a sheet of the labels in the kitchen for quick labeling and just write on them with a pen or marker.  When I reuse the jar, the labels peel off in one piece and don't leave an annoying residue.My latest labor saver is to write the name of a device on one end of the label and fold it in half over the cable that device uses so there's no more guessing which cable goes to the scanner and which to the camera, etc. etc.  That worked so well, I labeled all my stored chargers so I now know which is which and don't have to try multiple plugs to get a fit.  Some things don't need charging often enough for me to remember which of the dozen little corded black boxes is the right one. I've seen tags you can buy for this purpose, but why spend the money when these labels work so well. In addition, if the cord is much longer than it needs to be I include several loops when I fold the label over it, effectively shortening it to a more manageable length.Now I'm beginning to label various items in my home discretely on the bottom or back to aid my kids when they inherit it all.  My daughter suggested it since she feared she wouldn't remember the details and dates of Great Uncle Sam's baby cup and like items.  Because the labels stick well, but release cleanly they seemed a good choice for this labeling.  If they are too big, I cut them in half.  With the printer you can get a lot of info on the label.I'm really pleased with this size and the quality and will re-buy.  Highly recommended for multiple uses.These file labels are part of a growing list of innovative office products being introduced by Avery and they are really worth the extra cost.The labels are acid free and utilize "TrueBlock Technology" that allows you to place a label over an existing one on a file folder and there is no bleed through...the label absolutely covers everything under it. Like most other reviewers I tend to try to use and reuse file folders and have at one time or another resorted to writing over labels with magic markers or sharpies or sticking labels over others to the extent that the folder looks, well less than professional.While I do not use the labels in my printer these come with free software online and templates that are easy to use.An added bonus is the generous Box Tops for Education coupons on each package. Since we have teachers in the family and grandchildren in school we are aware of the amount of money your school can earn by saving these coupons. It is not the primary reason I like these labels but is a tipping point when considering buying something, all things being equal.These labels are amazing in that they actually do what the manafacturer says they will do...completely cover up old labels and writing and allows the reuse of file folders.Highly recommended.I recently went through my filing cabinet and purged all of the old crap that was cluttering the drawers.  The problem is that I now had a stack of very usable folders that were "tattooed" by the old labels.  You can't tear the old labels off without damaging the tab and if you put new labels over them the writing on the old label shows through.These new Avery File Folder Labels are absolutely perfect for this situation: you can place them over old labels and they completely block out the writing on the old labels.  Problem solved!!Nice and heavy-duty, these are excellent labels.PS - It always makes my day to know that people find these reviews helpful. If you'd also like to ask a question or leave a comment I usually respond the same day, so if you have a question or comment (even if it's just to say, Hi!") feel free to post it below.Thanks,ClaireI like to print labels for my file folders so they are easier to read.  These labels go through the printer well and attach to file folders securely.  They are great!I'm starting my own business and these are working out perfect for setting files up for my clients.  Avery does a good job on all of their products.The folder labels are fine, but only time will tell how well they stick. I've used other kinds of Avery labels in the past and they tend to come unstuck after about 3-5 years. I bought those labels 15 years ago so hopefully they've fixed that. The problem with the software is that the lettering can look fine in Avery Wizard (when using WORD), but when you print or go to print preview, you may find that part of the lettering is actually off-label, particularly if you like to mess with different font types and sizes. So you have to go back and forth through trial and error until you get it right. Maybe by exploring more I'll find a better solution, but you'd think the text you see in the wizard's label box would appear the same when you print it out.To me, Avery is like the standard when it comes to printing labels.  The reason I say this is not only because of their high quality labels and products, but because when you buy it, you're pretty much guaranteed to find a template already in your office productivity software (e.g. MS Word/Excel).  Avery now has the added feature of being able to design the labels directly from their website and print (Go to their website, and then click on "Design & Print."  Avery is truly going the extra mile to make the process of printing labels as simple as possible.I've been using Avery labels for years, and they continue to improve upon their already excelent products.  This product in particular adds a special feature that they call 'Trueblock Technology'. For most people, this would seem like trivial.  A label is a label, whats the point?  For those of you that want to re-use old folders, and completely mask the previous label/marking, this label does the trick.  After printing out a sheet of labels, I placed them over folders with permanent markers markings, old printed labels, pens, and more.  On regular labels, you may be able to see faint outlines of what was written before.  With these labels, I was unable to detect any previous marking.  Works as advertised!There are 25 sheets of labels, each with 30 labels, for a total of 750 labels.  Whether you print or write directly on these file folder labels, what amounts to less than 3 cents per label, you can't go wrong with this.  Unlike some of their other labels, this particular one worked well with my Epson Photosmart printer as well as my ancient HP LaserJet 8150 (If your printer has the option to, be sure to specify that you are printing on a label versus a regular sheet of paper).Needless to say, I highly recommend this product.One of my summer projects was to file, re-file, and re-organize existing files. Not the most pleasant task in the world. One of the things I wanted to avoid this time around was my messy hand written tab titles for the hanging folders.Voila!These Avery computer generated tab title thing-a-me-bobs are exactly what was needed! Download the template, type the titles, print out and attach- couldn't be easier.I love it when simple products perform their designated task well and make my life just a little bit easier.These are easy to use, either with a computer template -- even available for Macs -- or to write on by hand.  They do cover all that's underneath, remove easily from the master sheet. I'll probably buy themwhen the sample set is used up.  I find most Avery products a good value and well made.I am giving this product 5 stars because the feeding instructions (for printing) were very clear, the template was easy to find in Word, and the print quality was good.What else could I want?I used these to update my business cards with twitter information, and they worked great.One of the things mentioned on the package of these file folder labels is that they have "TrueBlock Technology".  Well I couldn't wait to find out if that was true.  I have been making file folders for my home office files by reusing old folders from our business.  I have usually used a felt tip pen to write the name on the folder.  That is not a very attractive way to set up a system, but I tried some old file folder labels and the previously printed title just bled right through.  I had a ready made experiment for these new labels and I'm very glad to say that they did truly block the writing underneath and it did not bleed through at all.  Now my personal files look like I actually took some time to set them up correctly (or at least "correctly"  as per my definition).The Avery Company has made available free templates and software to use with their products.  I had to give them my name and email address in order to access the templates I was looking for.  The good thing is that the templates will help me utilize the labels more efficiently.  These labels are for both laser and ink jet printers and are acid free.  Included in this package was a sample pack of four repositionable note tabs.  I've used those in the past and absolutely love them.  Thanks Avery for the reminder that I need to pick up more of those.I always feel like office supplies in general are over priced.  However Avery products have always been great quality.  I have never had a problem with anything from them and this product was no different.I love to reuse file folders.  I know, file folders are pretty cheap and why bother?  Well, convenience is the main reason and not being wasteful, maybe, that's the other.  Anyway, I've developed that habit over the years and I've used my share of "tricks" to do it which include turning the folder inside out and using the other side of the tab, liquid paper, correction film, and stick-on labels.  Labels have become the preferred choice for me and that is where these improved Avery ones with their super opaque cover technology shine.Avery labels are simply the best brand you can buy.  A label isn't something that cannot be improved upon and Avery continues to be the leader in the finish of the actual label, the adhesives, and their "TrueBlock Technology" which makes the label 100% opaque to anything under it.  No more "x-ray" vision of the previous writing, or previous label, underneath makes for a neat job of folder presentation.  They feed flawlessly through all my printers, and if only printing a single the sheets will hold up extremely well for repeated trips through.  The quality is top-notch and you can use a fine point sharpie to write on and it is still crisp without the fattened bleed look to your written labels.  The adhesive never curls and I have even been able to remove them with care to simply put a new label on when I've had several to build up.This particular size is truly versatile too.  I've used them as labels on so many different items that I am addicted to having these on hand.  You can use them not just in the office, but for lots of creative labeling.  You can label audio/video cables by wrapping them around the cable, price sundry items if you have a business, label dates on items stored in your fridge or freezer, put a date you opened something such as olive oil so you know it is still usable, the list goes on.  They stick and they remain readable under  and/or heavy use conditions.  These labels are worth the money and you may find yourself addicted too.  Recommended with no reservations.These labels are good.They are wide, and they do darken out anything that was previously on the old label or written on the tab.I need a better method of printing a single label though.  I rarely print or require an entire sheet of labels like this, so while the product is good for project work, it's not the most efficient for "onesy and twosy".  Otherwise, looks good and works.I'll go into more detail about what's superior about Avery below, but first, regarding this size --These will fit three lines of 10 point Arial, or one line of something bigger. I use them regularly at work for their intended purpose, and I also use them at home to label stuff going into the freezer. They do stay on even when frozen, but are easiest to remove while still frozen. If they get wet before I try to remove the label, some adhesive has to be scrubbed off.I doubt Avery matters for the freezer application, but if you want a professional result for more traditional uses, Avery and name brand printer toner are a must.I've tried several different generic brands -- from all three big office retailers -- and the letters get smeared or flake off when applying the labels. Add generic toner, and the problem gets so bad that the printing becomes almost illegible. With generic toner these smear a little bit, but with the name brand toner (I've used these in both HPs and Canons), there's no problem. The generic labels might seem a lot cheaper, but these are well worth the extra dough.As far as True Block goes, well, I don't really care, but it does work. The labels have an opaque backing between the paper and adhesive, which doesn't allow anything below it to show through. I usually just remove the label if I'm going to re-use a file folder, because I'm just going to covering up the damaged area with another label anyway. True Block seems more useful for shipping applications than for file folders. I don't know whether or not Avery is selling these labels in a non-True Block form, but if so, it may be worth looking closely at price.I am very satisfied with these labels.  They are easy to work with and look great.The TrueBlock technology works really well.  I had some folders with old labels that I had written on with Sharpies and ballpoint pen.  I have tried using other labels to cover the old writing, but I could always see through them - especially the labels that I had written on with marker.  These folder labels blocked out the old writing completely.Avery's website also has some really nice free online tools to create quick templates for printing labels - no downloads required.  I used the "Design and Print Online" feature to create a sheet of labels on my MacBook, then I printed the sheet on my Brother laser printer.  It worked really well.  It took me less than 5 minutes to get my labels typed in, choose a font, and get them printed using the manual sheet feeder on my printer.  It was impressively easy.I was pleased to receive these as I had filing to do. I printed out a sheet of file labels, and then applied them to file folders I was re-using. I was extremely disappointed as I could see the writing right through the label, making for a very messy look. NOT recommended at all. I had to go buy new labels...As a teacher, you quickly learn how to recycle and reuse anything you can get your hands on.  This is a great way to reuse file folders.  With the True Block Technology, you can make a folder look practically new.  The labels underneath don't show through.  Of course you can use Avery's templates with this labels.  What could make it any greater?  They can be used on both Inkjet and Laser Printer.  How many times have you bought printer labels only to discover they aren't for your printer?  They even come with 2 Box Tops for Education.  Gotta love that!  Avery has done it.  The perfect label.  You are going to find a million uses for these File Folder Labels.These worked very well for me. I was able to load them in my laserjet printer and and print a variety of labels to cover up older existing labels. The labels are thicker than normal and have a grey back to help make sure there is no show through. Over all a great and did the job.Avery has accomplished exactly what they have claimed with their Ink Jet File Folder Labels. That which I am most pleased about with regard to this product is the fact that when one label is placed over another, the old label is entirely blocked out, permitting me to use and reuse my file folders. These labels may pay for themselves over time.Great labels, they cover up everything underneath so if you are like me and reuse your folders, they will work wonderfully! Highly recommend!*****I am a huge fan of Avery products, especially their new "TrueBlock Technology"--a special process that makes the label completely opaque--so that you can't see through it at all no matter what is under it. No more layering file labels on top of each other to block out old writing underneath! It is amazing and covers over everything. The labels come on sheets with 30 labels to a sheet. They are heavy duty and have a very slight chemically odor to them.I use these labels not just for file folders but for all kinds of other paperwork to block out dark writing and to cover over things to reuse them. Avery also makes file folder labels that are larger that have colors on them to be used for file folders too. I like these better even though they are just standard size (they are 2/3" by 3 7/16") because they are all white and thus are more multi-use.The labels come with free templates and software online if you use your labels in your printer, which I do not. They also come with a free sample of 4 Avery NoteTabs. These are like a combination of a Post-It note and a divider--a heavy duty stick-on removable divider tab. I really like these as well.Even though these are more expensive than labels without "TrueBlock Technology" I will still buy them because you use far fewer and they work much better. In the long run they save you both time and money, I think.Highly recommended.*****These are very high quality File Folder labels that can be printed with either an Inkjet or a Laser printer. I printed mine using a Lexmark X3350 Inkjet printer. There were no problems with the label sheet feeding through the printer. The labels hold the ink without smearing or blurring or bleeding. Furthermore, no labels detached from the sheet while moving through the printer - a disaster which has happened to me using lower quality labels. Yet they are easily peeled from the sheet when it's time to apply them. Used over an existing label or writing, they are truly opaque. Nothing shows through.About half my files are 1/3 cut Manila folders and the other half are 1/5 cut Pendaflex hanging folders. These labels are intended for the 1/3 cut folders and they work perfectly there. But I found that by restricting the text on the label to about 2 inches total width, I could easily use them on the 1/5 cut hanging folders as well. I just applied the new label to the old paper label insert and then folded over the excess.I recommend that you investigate the "Design and Print Online" feature available on Avery's website. It is far more flexible than a simple template. With it, I was able to create a text field for my labels that was short enough to fit on the 1/5 cut folders. You can select fonts, sizes, colors, styles, even add images to your labels. And you can save your layout for future use. The interface is a little strange and sometimes behaves in unexpected ways, but you'll easily enough get the hang of it with a bit of experimentation (and it has an "Undo"). I printed my first try on plain paper and then overlaid it on the label sheet to double check.The package contains 25 sheets of labels with 30 labels per sheet for a total of 750 labels. Searching Amazon, I find that there is also a 1500 label package but I don't see anything smaller than the 750 size. This is fine in a business setting, but for home use 750 labels is likely to last more than a lifetime! I'd like to see Avery offer a 150 or 180 label version for the home market.These work well and, combined with Avery's website, will get that old file cabinet orderly and organized very quickly.These are easy to work with, they stick well, and they don't smear.  What more can a person ask for?  I'd buy them if the price were competitive with what else is out there.We use these to label all of our files because they are really sticky and rarely if ever come off, and the ability to have them delivered to our doorstep with prime at a low price just makes it that much better!These are excellent to cover old file names and reuse the folders again.  They have the tru block backing, so nothing shows through the label.  These will print well on most printers.While this is a good product I had problems downloading a template to print the labels and had to call Avery customer support. While I found customer support helpful I had to speak to two people because the first technical support agent did not think this product worked in a laser printer and he had to transfer me someone who confirmed it did.I first went to the Avery website and put in my product number which brought up a bunch of information and options. One download would have added an Avery icon to Word and as I understand it a toolbar as well. I did not want this.When I tried to call Avery to figure out how to download a template that did not automatically add a toolbar to my screen the person helping me showed me what to do. I was able to save a template to word that I can use without adding any sort of icon or toolbar. I asked about using the product in my laser printer only to be told it did not work in a laser printer contrary to the packaging. When I questioned this he transferred me to another agent who confirmed it did.One concern for those who do not have massive amounts of file folder labels to print is that you can only put the labels through a printer once. If you don't use all the labels the first time you have to hand write on the remaining ones.One good thing is that there are instructions on each sheet explaining how to use the labels. While the sheet directs you to the Avery website for more information, it also includes a toll free phone number for the Consumer Service Center and another for Avery Software Support. While it took two people to address my concerns the representatives were very professional.The labels are big enough to cover old labels and there is no problem writing on them. They work fine.  I have used a couple of sheets already.Overall this is a good product. I just wish the website was a bit more user friendly but there is customer support to help people like me who have trouble navigating the website.First let me say, these are AWESOME and I am so glad I had the opportunity to try them on a trial basis because I don't think I would have forked out the almost twenty bucks on something I wasn't sure about...but I would and will gladly fork it out now knowing they work as well as Avery claims, if not better.  There are 750 in the package...but with all the uses that won't take long to use up.**QUALITY**Labels are labels, right?  Nope!  These are high quality labels that really do cover up any writing underneath, even if it was written in a broad tip Sharpie.  This is accomplished because the labels have a gray backing where the adhesive is rather than just plain white single-layer paper like most labels.  They are also a heavier weight paper than your basic labels meaning no tearing!!  They adhesive is strong enough to stay put, yet releases smoothly if you wanted to remove it...without leaving behind any torn paper or yucky sticky goo...YAY for that because I am ALWAYS reusing file folders and renaming them.**PRINTING**I have printed these using Word and [...] version of Word...both print perfectly and line up perfectly without having to adjust the template's settings at all (I usually have to adjust them by 1/8th of an inch or so to line up perfectly)...but not with these!!  I have used them in my inkjet printer without any problems as well as my laser printer.  Usually my laser printer causes paper to curl due to the heat, but these don't do that.  I often print only a few lables at a time and reuse the sheet later with some of the labels removed....I have had other labels catch and get stuck in the printer when doing this, but not with these...smooooooooth sailing!The uses for these are endless...not just for file folders.  I use them to label my kids books & toys, totes that I use for storage items, little jars I store fresh ground spices in, and other personal items....they are great for writing on too, not just printing.  The packaging Avery sells their labels in works great for storing them because it keeps the labels from bending or getting the corners torn up, yet is super easy to take a new sheet out or put one away for future use...without taking up a bunch of space.  The label is the perfect height for the tabs on hanging file folders, but it a bit too long, so I just fold it over the back and it works perfectly.  My filing cabinet now shows my OCD nature and is freakishly neat & organized thanks to Avery!  My only gripe, and this is a rather pathetic one...I wish they came in colors to match my folders...I'd even settle on just plain manila.  Then my filing cabinet would be a true work of art!!I was very impressed with this product, both in how the printing went and how well the "blocking" technology works at keeping labels located under this new label are blocked from being seen under it.The labels loaded and printed well - the blacking is substanial enough to keep the print job "straight" through without any creep to the left or the right.  The resulting labels were printed on track, without coming out cockeyed.The biggest plus for the Avery 8366 File Folder Labels is Avery's TrueBlock technology which layers a semi-opaque gray layer to the back of the label, allowing it to hide most anything you may put it on top of.  I know that for a lot of the labels I have I have to remove anything underneath as they'll show right through.  For this alone the Avery labels are great.Other than that, they're normal-looking labels that are sized to put on tab-type file folders. Unlike a different style of Avery label I reviewed earlier, Microsoft Word 2010 did not have a template for these.  Avery's web site has several options, including an 88MB program that runs independent of Word.  A smaller "helper" toolbar for Word doesn't support Word 2010.  At the basic level, a .doc file is provided which you can open in Word and fill it in, but this means you can't take advantage of automation features such as mail-merge, etc.  This is not a fault of the labels themselves, but if you're going to use these you might want to know.The instructions for the labels say to not reuse the sheet, though it seems to work anyway for at least a few passes.The Avery File Folder Labels are very nice and easy to use. Runs through my printer without any problems, no smudging, jamming or anything. I prefer these particular labels over most other brands for that reason alone.I've purchased other 'no bleed-through' labels from office supply stores and found that they fall flat on their claims. When I heard these labels were suppose to stop bleed-through, I bought a pack of folders to go with it, figuring it wouldn't work as advertised and I'd end up tossing some old files. I was shocked when they actually covered up the DARK writing underneath. I often use a very thick, black marker for writing on some folders, and these labels didn't allow the original writing to bleed through at all. Very impressive.If you are resusing old file folder these are the absolute best.  There is NO bleed through of whatever is written behind it, even if written in dark black sharpie.The labels have some sort of coating on the back that really does block everything out.You can quickly find a template in Word by typing in 8366 in the search box after you do "File" "New".When using these templates I always select the whole document and have the edges of the cells of the tables filled in so that I can tell where the edge of the label is while typing ( In Word 2007 this is under the Home tab in the Paragraph section, it looks like a little 4 square box with the bottom underlined).  Chose "All borders".  You can then go back and Chose "No borders" when done if you do not want the borders printed.We bought these initially for our daughter's first birthday party a few years ago, and we were very happy with its ease of use and professional look.  Since then, we've used it on just about every event we send invitations for.  In addition, we've also used these to print labels for just about anything (plain shoe boxes, photo boxes, labels on back of pictures, gift bags, and fancy name tags for drinking glasses/cups at parties).Because it is clear, it can go on any color of envelope (except the dark ones).  Labels printed fine on our inkjet printers (HP Deskjet PSC 750, Canon Pixma MX870, Epson Artisan 810) in black & white and in color, and the results were excellent.  I've used it on laserjets as well (HP Color LJ 3550 and HP 2420), and it prints fine.  I just let the printed product sit a few minutes, just in case the laserjet ink was still wet (I've actually tried to smudge a few labels after printing on a laserjet, and the ink did NOT smudge at all).  The results were just as good as the deskjet printed set.  Word 2003 and 2007 has the proper template for this product.  The template for Word XP and Word 2000 can be downloaded from [...].The labels are easy to peel, thanks to the pop-up edge for easy peeling.  Because they are clear, they are virtually invisible when applied to almost any colored surfaces.  This gives the finished product a professional look without the professional price.Though we've gone through many of these over the years, I've only just got to write a review for this recently.  I highly recommend this product.Avery Labels have been a part of my mailings for various events for over two decades. But this is the first time I've ever used the clear versions and I have to say, this is a darn good product and I'd probably buy more.The labels do smudge rather easily and this might be difficult to see when the labels are still on the carrier sheet,  but you can see the smudges kind of easily after they are stuck down on your envelopes, so a bit of care and clean hands are needed when doing large mailings.The ink from my printer dried pretty quickly on these labels and it seemed more crisp (with no ink spread) than others I've used and they ran through my printer with zero problems.These labels peel fairly easily off the carrier sheet and the transparent label stock looks great on various kinds of envelopes, colors and textures which makes it seem like the label is made of the same material as your surface at first glance.As others here have written you can also use these for handwritten labeling as well as machine labeling and the quantity is enough for most basic mailings or labeling jobs. A great product, but a little pricey for those on a budget.The AVERY CLEAR ADDRESS LABELS 8660 are really easy to use. If you have MS WORD, you can just go to labels, select the #8660 and start typing away. You can create one label or a whole sheet of labels with the same or different addresses. If you don't have MS WORD you can go to Avery's website and download templates for Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, or InDesign. Don't have any of those programs, no problem because you can download -- for free -- Avery's "Designer Pro" for either Mac or PC and you can design in that program.Since the labels are clear, the typeface will stand out from the background color of the envelope and looks really elegant even if you're using white colored envelopes.They're easy to peel off and stick securely, and if you have an odd sized or shaped envelope, you don't have to fight with the printer to accept it and risk ruining as it goes through the feeder. You just print on the label and then fix it to the envelope.Avery also has pre-designed templates that feature clip art on the labels that you can download, also for free, so you can make personalized invitations or holiday cards etc.I highly recommend AVERY LABELS 8660 for ease of use and professional looking quality.If you need a label where you don't want the background to show, then then these lables are for you.  Believe it or not, I use these labels for my home brew beer bottles.  With a clear label I can make a custom made label on my carefully crafted home brew that makes me look like a brewing professional.  No more white background on my beer bottles.  No sir - now my beer bottles look professional.  Kidding aside I love these clear labels and recommend them to those who wish to hide the background.Use a template to easily print clear address labels.  These may smear if you touch them while they're wet, but that's true of paper labels, too, so it pays to be careful after they're done.  Very handy, attractive labels.I love these clear labels; you can't even see them when they are affixed to an envelope or to anything else.  And they are for ink jet printers; therefore, I can run these through my printers, and instantly have address labels, or labels for boxes, or for whatever I need/want them for.These labels are awesome, and they make life so much easier.And, these labels are wonderful for cosmetic reasons.  They are clear.These labels were easy to use. They printed out with no problems. I would purchase these when next in need of address labels.I like that fact that these are clear.  When putting on a colored envelope they look super.These labels are excellent -- 100% clear.PROS:--Sticky but easily removable--Labels are lightweight and thin--Labels look sleek/high qualityCONS:--Labels are a bit delicate--Price is highIf you are in need of clear labels, these are a great option!Being from Avery, these worked perfectly in Word's built-in template for the Avery 5160 label.  Alignment was consistent throughout the whole page.These labels should not really be labeled clear, though.  They are more of a matte transparent material, similar to tissue paper.  When placed on white envelopes, etc., they do disappear -- sort of like Scotch Magic tape.  If you were expecting some kind of clear plastic, though, these aren't it.The Easy Peel is a great feature to just remove a label or two without crinkling up the whole page which you know will lead to paper jams and/or smudges if you need to run it through the printer again.  It is also easy and a time-saver.  This is an excellent feature.Also, I ran a few labels twice through my Epson ink jet printer.  The ink appears to dry like on paper, and there was no smudging even when I tried with my finger.  I would also rank the adhesive above average stick.My only reason for 4 stars is that it is not really clear.  It is a matte light white transparent.  Depending on what you put it on (color/finish), you may get a different appearance.There are no Avery templates for iPages, so if you have a Mac your out of luck unless you use MS Office.Seriously, does anybody really print out labels and stick them to envelopes anymore?  Don't all printers take envelopes these days?I guess if you need to print labels these are a lot better than white labels.  They stick well.I wanted these labels for an alternate use. I am getting married in October, and I thought rather than just tying a ribbon around them, I would make personalized labels for them. I figured address labels would be a good size, and when I saw the clear ones, I thought they look better than the solid white ones.I thought wrong. These did not work for my purpose AT ALL. The clear showed air pockets on the bubble containers, and (even after letting the labels dry overnight) when I tried to smooth them out, there was some smudging. Even the slightest bit of moisture smears the labels, which isn't really a good idea for something that is going to hold bubbles. (See my customer images.)However, much like that guy my Grandmother set me up with when I was in college, this stuff is great on paper. I guess I can't fault it for not working on an item that is not its intended use.Luckily, I also ordered theAvery Easy Peel 1 x 2 5/8 Inch Clear Address Labels, and those worked perfectly.What's good and new:1) These labels are as close to being completely invisible as possible in a label.  They are matte-satin finished and print out beautifully on both inkjet and laser printers.  The copier and writing in ballpoint pen works well too.2) Avery Label templates are already in many common off-the-shelf word processing softwares.  If your company has its own specialized word processor, the Avery template can be downloaded from their website and easily adapted to run on it.  Label measurements are also easily found if a new template needs to be created from scratch.3) The templates are easy to use and understand.4) The instructions in the package itself are clear and easy to understand and markings help the correct insertion of the label page into the printer/copier.5) Ink dries quickly.and the best new feature?6) The easy tear feature which allows a) half-sheet printing and b) easy label removal from the sheet.  As warmth from a printer or copier heat up the glue on the labels, a sheet can only be run a certain number of times before there are runner marks on the label and the adhesive starts to denature from heat, affecting stickiness and colour (yellowing).  Half-sheet printing enables maximum use of the labels as well as making them easier to peel off the sheet.I've been using Avery labels for years, primarily to make my own return address labels and as someone that sends out a lot of SASE, it saves a lot of time. Avery's Easy Peel makes their address labels that much easier to use. I use Microsoft Word to print labels. Word has templates for labels, so once you find 8660, enter your text and hit print. The clear address label does go on completely clear, which would especially be useful when using high quality paper, such as sending out wedding invitations.These labels work well with my 5 year old HP inkjet printer and dry time is fast.  The clear labels allow you to use non-white envelopes with a very professional look.  (offwhite)Super easy to use!  Easy to print, easy to peel off and use!  The ink doesn't wipe off easily which is a huge perk!I used these labels to make address labels for my save the dates.  They were easy to use in the printer and align.  They look great: crisp and clear.  And they do not appear to smudge easily.  And the easy peel feature makes adhereing them quite easy.  All in all, a great product for mailings.I love these clear labels- Avery is always top-notch. Printing on them is easy- Avery's site provides four ways that you can design and print the labels. I used the "Avery Design and Print Online"- no downloads required. You can also download the templates to use in Word or on other programs. Anyway, Avery online has lots of designs and it's simple to use, so all I had to do was type in my address and print the labels. They dry right away and the print did not smear at all. Highly recommended product!Overall, I'm very satisfied with these.  I originally had thought I'd use them for individual labeling of mail, however, my software doesn't allow for single print of labels.  So, I initially wasted an entire sheet when the address printed on all the labels.So, I've gone to using them for my return labels.  I use a Canon M83 color printer and they come out just fine.  I will say that "virtually disappear" is a pretty big stretch...to me the labels are still very visible even though they are clear.Every once in a while, I try the store-brand and usually they are fine.  (I still have some from Biz-Mart... anybody remember them?!)But these seem to a) hold the printing better, b) peel easier,  c) jam a lot less.Very glad to get them!I have to give this product 3 stars because these labels are not "super clear" more closer to "clear-frost".  My definition of "Clear" is, whether the envelope is pure white or colored, you should be able to apply this label and unless you catch the address at just the right angle, you may or may not see a glossiness where the label has been affixed.Why is this such an important point??  Well, we used these labels for our wedding invitations and RSVP cards.  We spent top-dollar on some premium cream-white envelopes and expecting the label to mostly vanish since it was clear, it did not.  It leaves a "clear-frosted" solid-rectangle of the entire label.  I've seen other types of "super-clear" labels and you can barely see the edge of the label and the rest of the "truly transparent" label simply vanishes, except for the printed address.  These exact labels are not like that, they are not truly transparent.  We felt the appearance "cheapend" our hard work on the invitations and premium envelopes we purchased.  We felt it was somewhat false advertising for the 'clear' part.Also on the easy peel part, these labels were no easier to unpeel than any others we've used, in fact, all of the constant "easy peeling" somewhat crinkles the rest of the labels.  The description for this product says, "... bend the sheet to expose the trademarked Pop-up Edge for fast peeling and fold the sheet back to flat" - yea, do this 20 times and you'll no doubt have crinkles in your other labels.  So I somewhat disagree with the "easy peel" marketing.###So my rating of 3 stars is for my comments above, the rest of my review is to help out fellow Amazon-ers and is NOT related to the 3 stars above:########################Note: if you are using these with standard white envelopes, yes you'll be fine, just be forewarned if you use non-white envelopes.I did ruin 2 sheets because they misfed, even though they were perfectly aligned in the paper tray, so I'm not blaming Avery, as it could have been the printer's paper-feed mechanism.  To save you from ruining a sheet, I found the best way is to select Manual Feed and print only ONE sheet at a time; do not load multiple sheets as they could get misfed.  Once we loaded one sheet at a time, we were fine.  I was careful not to force the paper into the paper-feed, rather, allow the printer to gently pull the individual page of labels.I did use the 8660 code inside of Microsoft Word and the template of labels was a perfect fit when printed (and when I fed the labels correctly).I love the convenience of the Avery Easy Peel labels. Works perfectly with my printer to create the address labels I need and the clear labels lend a nice look to the label. Highly recommend!I just finished using the Avery Easy Peel clear address labels for my daughter's birthday invitations. Not only were they easy to print, the labels can be removed easily. When on the envelope they practically disappear; they are truly clear. I highly recommend this product for anyone using address labels but want it to look like the type is right on the envelope. They are perfect!The Avery easy peel labels are a great way to print out formal invitations.  The clear labels are wonderful for giving your envelopes the appearance of being stamped or printed on without the cost.  The software download allows you to easily print full sheets of labels from Microsoft Office products with a variety of fonts for a unique formal appearance.  In the past one of the big flaws with these labels was the difficulty of trying to peel them off of the sheet (especially when you have dozens of labels to peel!).  These new labels have an "easy peel" design which makes it much easier and faster to peel off the sheet.  Overall this a great product for anyone needing to mail a large quantity of letters or invitations.*** Positive Points: ***- Great results from a variety of inkjet printers (I used an Epson Artrisan 810 and HP inkjet printer)- New easy peel design really does work- Looks great on formal invitations or letters*** Negative Points: ***- NoneAvery labels haven't let me down for all the years I've been using them.  Besides the obvious return labels, I've used them for labelling water pipes in the basement, birthday party gift bags, folders.  They stick well, print well, and are templates for various printing softwares (I've been a PrintShop user for a very long time, occasionally use Microsoft Word, and use Avery DesignPro5).  DH redid the pipes in the basement 10 years ago and figured it would be best to label them right off the bat, direction, hot or cold, where to, so I did some up in PrintShop.  They haven't fallen off, they haven't faded.  We also have a hub of cable wires that needed labelling, and Avery did that job as well.  Many uses for me, besides the obvious.The labels are semi-transparent white on the sheet, but clear once adhered to the surface.  The dilemma I always have with these types of labels is that I just want to print one or a small handful, but the sheet has 30 and I don't want to waste the rest.  One reviewer had a good suggestion to tape a piece of paper over the labels that you don't want to use up.  I find that sometimes if I don't do this carefully it will jam the printer.  So another trick that I discovered is:1. Make a layout in the software for a small number of labels.2. Print onto a blank sheet of paper.3. Put the Avery labels over the printed test sheet, hold up to a strong light source, and see how it lines up.4. Make adjustments in the software for the alignment, repeat steps 2-4.5. Print to the Avery sheet.I use these labels to do marketing campaigns for my small landscaping business, and I was so impressed with how crisp and clean they look. The clear color of the labels is great for "natural" envelopes that have those little threads in them, or colored envelopes or postcards, so you get an attractive look.Some clear labels look kind of yellowed to me, but these don't. They are as clear as I expect a sticky label can be. I am really not seeing any color to the label itself, though I am not sure I'd bother using a clear label on a bright white surface because if you had a piece of dust or something get stuck to a clear label it wouldn't look cute.These labels didn't smudge, and have an attractive matte surface that took ink well.The only stickers on the sheet are the labels themselves, so they are super easy to peel off, and you aren't left with any stupid little bits sticking to your fingers once you're nearly done using the sheet of labels. I really love that new design.The labels also went through my printer with no issue. I was worried that because they've eliminated that outer quarter inch of excess label and just left the labels themselves on the sheet, that the sheets might get stuck in my printer or not feed as well. To test how they fed, I loaded in a stack of labels instead of feeding them one at a time as I used to. I needn't have worried, my printer took up each sheet with no difficulty and no jamming and printed out beautiful address labels.I'm very happy with the quality here. They've really managed to eliminate everything I find annoying about printer labels. Everything about these is perfect.These labels are made to be used on your printer with the Avery Template, and the results are spectacular! However, we find LOTS of other uses for them! I use black marker on the labels (labels do not mar, and easily peel off) to put on our kids dresser drawers so they cannot say they "don't know where it goes" when its time to pick up/clean up! (NEXT, we need to work on neatness INSIDE the drawers!) I also use them on canning jars and they stick great, were easy to read, and, again, they came off neatly (no GOO Gone needed!) One of my favorite uses is for items put in the fridge, or freezer! I NEVER remember WHAT that stuff IS in there, or WHEN it got put in there! And someone around here (everyone takes credit) thought of using them to put instructions on the laundry ("Medium Starch") and the dry cleaning ("firm creases") so no more EXCUSES - ANYONE can stop at the cleaners! These VERSATILE, economical labels are a real find!These are pretty basic adress labels.They are quite thin, matte finish and transparent material, much like the usual tape for wrapping holiday gifts.I have no problem with them, but the price is a little high for labels of such average quality. It isn't a product I'd buy again.I don't think the cost is worth the product and is not something I'd recommend. I'm also miffed as why we can't manufacture such simple paper products here in the US.Yes, gives a crisp, tight look to things like wedding invitations ... will STICK OUT from the rest of the average person's junk mail.These clear 1x2-5/8 labels are perfect for doing formal invitations - weddings, reunions, aniversaries, etc - any application where you have a premade invitation and an address database where the outer envelope is colored and would look like junk mail with a white mailing label attached.The clear label allows the post office to scan the address reliably (provided its not a halloween party invite with black envelopes - zero contrast there!) and does not detract from the looks of the printed, often formal, invitations.Additionally they can be used for everyday use on business envelopes.  As usual, Avery provides templates for all of their products.The last use that we have for this label is making wire markers out of them - you print only on the right side, and rotate to print vertically the wire number.  The label is then wrapped around the wire and around itself with the printing being the last layer.  When dealing with complex designs on paper, this makes for a very supportable product since every termination is professionally labeled and matches the design schematics.Seems we never have enough labels around here, between sending out invitations to one party or another or my new writer sending cards to family (I like to print out sheets of addresses she can easily put on an envelope by herself whens he has a letter ready to mail since she's only 6 and sometimes her writing can be a bit hard to read this way she can put one on and an envelope with a stamp and put it in the mail box herself, this has greatly increased her reading and writing by being penpals with all our out of state relatives). My daughter also loves to make her own stickers, when she was smaller the white labels worked fine but now that she's older she doesn't want everything to have a white rectangle around it and these clear labels are perfect, she can use colorful gel pens and draw her little images and then when she puts her "sticker" on something only her drawing shows! They print wonderfully in my canon printer and line up just perfectly. Great purchase!These labels are perfect for any or multi-colored designs you want for identification, addressing or application add-ons.Easy to use, just great and clear backing is good for any solid color page application.  They are my favorite for multipurpose uses.The look of these labels is great, however they do not adhere very well.  They tend to peel up on their own when used on bubble envelopes. They print well in laser printer.  I would not buy these again due to worry over the labels falling off during shipping.I received these labels and the first thing I did was print out a page of address labels with my own information on them to test the quality. The printer was able to feed the label paper through the printer with no issues. Printing in economy wasn't the best idea as it was faint. I reprinted the labels using standard ink quality and everything came out perfect. Text was centered on the labels as it should be, no jams, no label's peeling off in the printer. These work well.I actually used another version of this label a few years back on my wedding invitations to create custom return address labels and saved a ton of money over ordering custom labels from some company. These labels match the quality and I could easily recommend using these for anything from mailing bills to mailing wedding invitations, they do a great job and the quality of the label is really good.The Avery Easy Peel 1 x 2 5/8 Inch Clear Address Label 750 Count (8660) are fabulous labels which have given me no problems.  I've written on some with a Sharpie for quick labeling (save those extras if you don't print all on a sheet) and printed in both color and black with no smudging.  Love my Canon printers with genuine Canon ink.  The Avery website offers great designing hints and templates, particularly for those of us who use a Mac.  Microsoft Office also contains templates, but I really enjoy using Design Pro from the website.  These clear labels are really and truly clear when applied, and they are extremely easy to remove from the sheet.  I'll warn you, though, be careful if you are applying in a less than clean environment, as dust, dirt and animal hairs can be pressed onto your otherwise pristine document, destroying your otherwise favorable impression.  No need to have labels professionally printed with this product, you can do it yourself if you have the time.Just tried out these labels on a mailing that I did. They work as advertised producing a clear, clean label that is easy to place and read. You can't go wrong with Avery labels.For the past five years Avery's clear address labels have been my preferred label for all my address label needs.  I like them because they're clear and can be put on any color envelope and not stick out like a sore thumb.  Printing on these labels is a snap.  I've never had any issues with them not printing nicely or getting stuck in the printer.  The new easy peel feature is a nice addition.  By simply bending back a column of the sheet you can easily access the edge of all the labels in the column for easy peeling and application.These labels can be used for more than just mailing.  We've used them to label plastic containers and school projects.These labels worked out very well.  We used them for address and return address labels.  I tried both color and black writing.  They came out of the printer clear and did not smudge.  They stick easily and are nice and clear, making them appropriate for any color envelope.  Easy to peel off of the backing.  I would reccomend these labels for any label uses.I would give these a 4.5 rating if I could.  The lost half point is because I too often think that I printed out my labels wrong because of the little extra bit provided to make the peel off easier.  This part stays behind on the sheet.  Unless I look real close, I can't tell if I printed the labels right or not.  If I used these all the time, I'm sure this would stop being an issue, as I would adjust to it.Aside from the little side thing, these labels are great!  Easy to use, look amazing & professional thanks to being clear.  They stick really good.  They do exactly what they are supposed to do.Recommended!If you're doing a lot of labeling, this product makes it a lot easier to get the labels started.  Not much more expensive than the originals, and I think it's worth the extra couple bucks for the convenience.  Printing comes out fine on the paper, as well, and being clear, they should work really nicely with colored envelopes at Christmas.Great labels.  They are a ease to load.  Print well and they stick even better.  The clear background gives your work the look of professionalism.  The price point is right.  All around perfect addition to any office.I love using clear labels on things I like to look really nice. We used these on graduation invitations. I really like Avery labels, as I've never had a problem setting them up to print properly. The print comes out where it should on the label and they look very nice - especially when you can't see them - like with these clear labels.A lot of clear labels still have problems with ink jet printers, jamming and smudges for example.  But these labels presented none of those challenges.  I'm especially pleased with the lack of smudging!Back in the day... my Dad used to use one of those old Dyno labelmakers to label all of his tools etc.  And I thought that was cute, but a little strange.  I guess that my grandkids will start feeling the same way about how I'm now labelling stuff with these.  ;-)I use several types of labels when mailing, shipping or just labeling items. These I use for printing out mailing labels, labeling household items and as easy to write on folder labels. They leave a neater appearance than colored labels. I don't find that I crinkle the remaining labels on the page like others have commented on. They have a nice look and the ink does not smudge when I put the printed labels on anything. The labels do the job that they were intended to do. They are also good for using to tape things that might require a stronger connection than regular tape can give and they release easier than tape because of their thickness.I think these labels are a very good all purpose label, not just for an inkjet printer, as you can use these by hand too.Not only to label file folders,or to label cd cases, but I would also use these for just about anything I want to label, like when I buy something in bulk and freeze it.  I always like to label what the item is, as well as when I froze it.These labels look white, but when you peel them off they are clear.  You can use either a pen or marker on them.The label size is ample, so you can write what you need to on it.  I have some labels just like this, but they are white.  I think I prefer these clear labels.I did find them alittle hard to see where one label ends, and another one begins.  I like that they come in a pack of 750.  I doubt I will have to buy anymore of this size label in my lifetime.Iam very happy with these labels.I've used these to print a few sheets of return-address labels, and I really like them.Ease of peel: Almost perfect. They do come off easily, but not so easily I can bend the paper back and get 10 off at once. For single-label removing it's great. Tearing off the side leaves a tiny bit of each label free, enough for you to grab so you don't have to scrape off every label.Look: I love how they are translucent. The ink stands out nice and sharp, and the address seems more clear. It looks professional and pretty.Printing: (HP LaserJet) No problems. I was surprised at how crisp the ink was, and how there was no smudging right after it came off the printer. (I'm used to getting ink on my fingers.) Also, using the 'Mailing Labels' 'US Letter Small' presets printing from Address Book (on a Mac) the labels were all printed right (makes my life easier).Price: There are labels you can get for half the price. If you do a lot of printing these may not be economical. But if it's for rather infrequent use, I favor the performance and look of these labels over saving a few dollars.I recommend giving them a try.I often buy colored envelopes because I think they look so nice when you get them in a stack of mostly white mail. But if you want to use labels, the white rectangles look so ugly. These are perfect! I find they don't stick quite as well as the white ones, but never had one come off and get returned.They don't really help with dark colored paper (including most reds) because the black ink doesn't stand out enough), but for pastels or off whites, they are beautiful.She said:The ability to remove a single label from the sheet is absolutely wonderful.  The sheet then goes back through the printer without a problem, so you can print one label or a few labels as needed without waste.The tooth works perfectly on inkjet printers.  You can print inkjet lapels in color or black and white and they come out as well as the printer is capable of producing an ink output.But the best thing that the labels have is exactly what they advertise, the "Easy Peel".  Peel one label off a sheet, and keep the rest on the sheet.We will buy the easy peel labels even if they are somewhat more than the competition.This is the second type of "Easy Peel" label I've tried from Avery.  I'm now officially a fan.  The sheet of labels has three pre-scored "lines" where it folds.  Print your labels, fold along one of the lines, and the edges of ten of the labels are quickly exposed to make peeling super easy.  This might not make a difference if you are only printing a few labels, but it could be a nice time saver if you are doing a mass mailing.  It was particularly nice with these very thin clear labels.One other side note...These labels are for inkjet printers.  Be sure to get the type of labels that are designed for your printer (inkjet labels for inkjet printers, laser labels for laser printers).  In the past, I have made the mistake of using the wrong type of labels in a printer, and I believe that it caused some damage.  Don't make that mistake.  These Avery INKJET labels worked just great in my older HP 7760 inkjet printer.So...my sister decided that she didn't want to hand address 200+ wedding invitations.  There clear labels worked well for the invitations and didn't look at office like.  They printed without jamming in both the manual and auto feed trays of my Canon inkjet printer.  The ink also didn't smear when you touched it immediately after printing, however it will smear if it gets wet but is still legible.  The easy peel feature was nice, but then again I've never had an issue peeling address labels off a sheet before, and I usually fold the normal sheets along the edge just like you are instructed to do with the easy peel sheets.You know the feeling... after you get used to using a product for a long time...the manufacturer either discontinues it or takes a few shortcuts to cut costs and it just doesn't work like it used to??I get that feeling a lot.  BUT, not with Avery products.  It is one brand that I feel I can trust to deliver a quality product time after time.The clear labels were no exception.  They work great and look good.Our town's energy committee recently had a project for which we needed about 250 peel-off labels.  Our plan was to distribute 250 CFL (compact fluorescent) light bulbs free at our town's community day (sort of like a street fair) in order to encourage people to use the bulbs to reduce electricity use.  CFL light bulbs can save about 75 percent on electricity over incandescent bulbs.  For the 250 bulbs, we calculated that for 8000 hours of use and an electric cost of $0.10/KWh the total savings vs. 100 watt incandescent bulbs for all the bulbs would be about $15,000.  There would also be a saving of 94 tons of carbon dioxide emission.Avery Address Labels were a good choice for adding a label indicating the savings for using the bulbs and our committee's name.  The question was how to get the information printed on the labels.  At the Avery web site, I found free software, DesignPro, which makes it possible to produce label designs for different label sizes.  I downloaded the software easily and got started on the designFor the labels, there were about a dozen pre-made templates for the different size labels.  I chose the template that matched my labels.  Using DesignPro was a little like using PowerPoint.  I was able to cut and paste a graphics image, add the appropriate text, and choose a font for the text.  A test run on my printer produced a beautiful matrix of labels.  The only problem was to find out which side of the label stock had to be up.  I can never remember.  After an up/down test, I had my sheets of labels printed in no time.Our community day give-away was a big success.  Our free light bulbs lasted about four hours.  We were able to peel the labels from the printed sheets easily. There was enough time to peel and apply the labels as we gave away the CFLs.  One surprise is that we had to have a sales pitch even for give-aways.  The other surprise was that many people had never seen CFLs before.  I am now a big fan of Avery labels, but I recommend getting the free software to make them work.I received this product through the Amazon Vine program.  As with all Avery Products, an easy to use template is available on their website for using their products.  Since I use Office Products, I used the Word template.I found the template to be easy to use and was able to export my mailing list so that I could print my labels with no issue.  The nice part about these labels is that they essentially disappear onto the envelope that you are using so only the printing really shows up.  This makes it look as if you had inserted the envelope into a typewritter (anyone out there besides me remember those?) and printed out the address.The only caution I have has to do with inkjet printers in general and that is to be careful about getting your label wet as the print will run.  My early solution to this problem was to put a piece of clear shipping tape over the label.  My current method of dealing with this is to use a Kodak Printer as their ink will not run or smear when it gets wet.I gave this product a 4 star instead of 5 star as I still find the labels difficult to remove from the sheet if you only print one or two labels.  While bending the page works to release a label, it also generally loosens the adjoining label.  Also, you need to be careful how far you bend the sheet if you are planning to re-insert the sheet to print more labels out at a later date.I would definately recommend these labels if you are looking for a professional looking address label.These clear, matte finish labels from Avery work great in my HP 1610 inkjet printer.  Text comes out crisp and clear.  I do recommend letting them dry for a while before handling them, as with anything else you print.  These are not crystal clear, nor are they glossy, but they are clear enough that if you're putting them on a colored envelope, the color will show through.  I like the matte finish because it makes the label blend in with the paper, almost to the point that it looks like the text is printed directly on the paper.I downloaded the template from Avery's web site.  It's in Microsoft Word format but it works flawlessly with OpenOffice.These clear labels can be used for a variety of projects, particularly in the Arts & Craftscategory. You can affix them to a bare wood surface, making sure to burnish the labelssecurely, then apply clear finish on top. I've found that they work very well for (of allthings) custom guitar work. It's relatively easy to create your own headstock logo design,and a few coats of clear finish will make them look almost as good as a decal. I have hadno problems with the ink reacting negatively with lacquer or poly finishes. The main pointis that you do not want to burnish the labels directly, as the ink will rub off. Acetateor some similar material should be placed on top before burnishing. I used a graphic artstype burnisher tool, but you could improvise to see what works best for you. Of course,this is only one idea, but the versatility of these Avery labels makes them a good buy.This label is specified to ink-jets, but they work just fine on laser print too. Consistent die-cut quality keeps the sheet integrity together for multiple printer passes.The following is my fianc&eacute;e's review of the labels.My fianc&eacute; and I used these labels for our Save the Date postcards for our wedding.  We put all of the addresses in Excel and we were able to easily transfer it to Word for the template for the labels.  It was fairly easy to figure out the template for the labels.  When they printed out, they looked really good.  There was a small problem with some of the labels - they printed out off center.  I'm not sure if this is because of the template or because of the printer.  I simply moved them over in the document and they printed out okay.  About three out of 100 labels were messed up.  I recommend these labels.  I'm happy that we chose these labels for our Save the Dates.  When I put them on the postcards, they looked really good =)I always requested Avery labels at the office - they are extremely easy to print and apply.  I recently used these for a huge batch of cards and LOVE them.  We ordered ivory envelopes so we needed clear labels and these were perfect!  They are easy to print and the "easy peel" feature really makes applying them go much more quickly.  I'll definitely use these again for our holiday cards!The Avery Easy Peel labels are really easy to work with.  My inkjet ink doesn't smudge and the labels are super easy to peel.  I highly recommend them.I have had negative experiences with "generic" printable labels in the past...specifically, with the sheet getting stuck in my ink jet printer.  I have had no problems at all with these Avery labels. They go through the printer smoothly. The labels are easy to peel off the sheet as well.  I have also used these same labels in the white version, which work equally well.  However, for purely aesthetic reasons, I prefer the clear labels.If you go online to the Avery website, there is a free software download that allows you to customize the labels to your liking.This size of address label has many uses.  Of course, they can be used for addresses on packages and envelopes, but also as identification labels.  I printed a sheet with my name, address and phone number to attach to things I take on vacation.  The print on my inkjet printer was clean and crisp, the ink dried quickly (no smudging), the labels indeed do peel easily and I like the translucent background that works with many surfaces.  Word 2010 had the format in its list of labels and each label was perfectly aligned.  You can also download free templates from Avery's web site.The main reason I like these labels:  1.  Easy to use with my software programs.  2.  Print out perfect!  3.  Was able to put a clip art on them.  4.  Last reason but the best of all.  They peel off so very easy. I have to add that the Avery Labels have found so many uses from address labels,for file folders,  recipe headings, journaling, labeling totes and I'm sure I will find other places to use them.  I haven't found anything negative about these labels and usually I don't like using them because they are hard to peel off.These print very crisply on my laser (I realize this is supposed to be for inkjet).  The claim that these are invisible is not true...  You can see it.. and on white paper, it looks like a white label.  But I think it would be impossible for it to be invisible as claimed.  Otherwise, it is excellent.  High qualityI use this size label not only for addressees, but also to print my own return address labels. Being a pen pal, I've seen plenty of professionally-printed clear address labels. On those, the ink sits on top of glossy, clear "paper" and scuffs right off during shipping. Those address labels are almost always illegible by the time they get to me. And what's the point of an address label if the address chips right off?These labels are different, though, because they're textured and have more of a matte finish. While they aren't completely "invisible" and can still be seen when put on an envelope, they give a nice, professional look that white labels don't necessarily give. It also is surprising that an InkJet printer has the ability to do this type of printing and not smear off. (Note: These aren't colorfast, however. If they get wet, the ink can smear off.)As a handy feature for removal, the backing paper can be bent, exposing just one narrow edge on the right side of each label.The only real problem I have is that my printer isn't always reliable in "seizing" this type of paper, sometimes ending up in a wasted sheet. That's more of a potential issue with certain printers, though.Avery always makes great labels and gives you the best templates and software to go with them, so it's no surprise that I'm very pleased with their clear easy-peel address labels. The healthy 1" x 2 5/8" size allows for plenty of font choices.I use tan parchment-colored envelopes for my business and slapping a white label on them gives a second-class mail look.  The clear labels impart a more professional appearance, and while I don't know it to be a fact, I think recipients are far more likely to pay attention.Finally, the easy peel feature prevents both frustration and inappropriate words in the office. Highly recommended.Avery labels (the white paper ones) have been a staple at my desk and in my kitchen for years.  I use them multiple ways: there's always the address label for the few snail mail pieces I still send, then there are file folders for the actual paperwork I still file manually, instead of digitally, but it's the other stuff where I really put these to use - they're perfect for labeling Mason jars after you've processed that summer harvest of peaches and figs, I've used them to label bakery boxes of cookies I've baked and taken to meetings (I have a set pre-printed with the names and ingredients of various cookie recipes I bake frequently), they're a snap to slap on a jar or Tupperware container filled with arborio rice you'd like to distinguish from the basmati in the container next to it on the shelf and they make figuring out which computer cable goes to which peripheral a snap.These clear labels are even better than the white ones.  They're advertised as clear - don't expect shiny-clear, like a piece of cellophane tape.  Instead, they've got somewhat of a mildly-milky matte finish, like Scotch brand Magic Tape, that doesn't exactly disappear when applied to surfaces.  That's hardly a negative, however, as they stick much better than the white ones - I'll be using these from now on for Mason jars and other goodies in the pantry.  These also seem sturdier...I expect they'll stand up to wear better than the white paper-based labels.Finally, Avery has done a nifty little improvement to the base papers these labels are mounted on: just a small bend in the paper causes the edge of the label to pop up and makes removing them a snap!  You can easily extract a single label without bothering any of the others.Against truly dark items (do you really mail things in black envelopes all that often?) with dark printing on the label may be the only time you'll need to use a paper-based label instead; the contrast in that situation may simply not be enough to read the label easily.With that one exception, I expect I'll be using these labels often and to good effect.  Recommended.Avery Easy Peel 1 x 2 5/8 Clear label gives any envelope a professional look.  It is of the standard address size, but can be used to label items such as dvds, boxes, etc.  I prefer the clear labels to others, as they give a neat effect on birthday card envelopes.  I actually use the clear shipping ones for this purpose.  My word processsor, which is Word Perfect, includes a template for this label. Avery makes quality labels, and you can't go wrong with these.I like these clear labels.  They print up easily and look great on all envelopes.  I am currently using them for business, but they would work well for personal items as well.  Especially invitations as they would make it elegant being that they are clear.  Easy to use, print is clear and dark.I LOVE these labels.  The surface is a sort of matte texture, making them almost disappear when placed on an envelope.  Printing on an inkjet printer yields sharp and smearless results. They look a lot classier on an envelope than the standard white mailing labels.These are useful not only for mailing, but for labeling almost anything.  I will still use my label maker for stuff that gets a lot of abuse or get wet (like soccer balls and drink cups) but these are much more discrete for labeling other possessions.I keep a three ring binder filled with printed address labels stored in slash pocket folders with tabs (labeled with a sample label)for the addresses I use frequently.  However, when sending something nice like a birthday card I was never pleased with the way the white labelss looked.  These solve my problem.  I printed up a sheet for all my favorite addresses and stuck them in my binder for use on more formal mail.  I also printed up a sheet with "Fragile, do not bend" for when I mail photos.  Since they are clear it is easier to find a spot to put them without covering up addresses.I have avoided clear labels in the past due to problems with them jamming the printer, clumping up when you try to peel them and generally being difficult to work with in every way.  These labels are much, much better than the previous clear labels and simply work.We bought these to use on our save-the-date cards and wedding invitations, and they worked out great. Just the right size for regular envelopes, and the look was exactly what we were going for.One suggestion - if you're not using the whole page of labels, and want to use the remaining labels later, take a piece of white paper, and tape it over the labels you are not using. The labels get darker every time you run them through the printer. It's hard to notice on the page, but once you affix them to the envelope, they can look a bit dirty.I found these easy to use with my HP printer.  They dried pretty much instantly and I had no problems with smudging at all.  Once printed, the labels are simple to remove and did not tear.  These are a must have if you're wanting to put labels on colored envelopes or otherwise want a nicer finish than a colored or more visible label.  These work great!I've used Avery labels for years including the laser version of 8660 until recently when my laser all-in-one bit the dust.  I was pleased to have this product come up in the Vine Newsletter since I replaced my laser with an Epson 810 inkjet all in one.  I also just ran out of pre-printed labels of all sorts (including the freebees and the donate bait).The 8660 is a standard label in MS Word and Open Office, and that glable in UBUNTU supported them as well.  Software - no sweat (besides they have free stuff on the web) and I had plenty of options (besides I'd already set up the laser version)I slipped a sheet of these in the Epson and fired off a page of return address labels.  They worked like a charm, positioned themselves properly, type was crisp and clean and dried quickly. The easy peel worked as advertised and the labels looked great on the day's outgoing mail of all types.I've since run some special labels with color print and graphics and was impressed by the output. No glitches with multiple sheets either.They do the job and they do it right.  Can't ask for more than that.This is an excellent quality paper, I used it to create photo Christmas cards, and special gift photos. It does a good job!I used these to print signs, and they worked well.  On the back of the paper, it does say EPSON in small letters.  Overall, this was a good product.Believe me paper matters. When you put the wrong paper in your printer, you get very weird results.P.S. This review was before I had used Kodak's One Touch to better Pictures.  Please see my Kodak Paper review prior to making your buying decision.  I was really impressed with what Kodak did.REVIEW IS BASED ON USE ON THE EPSON 890:When I bought my Epson 890, I bought several different packs of Epson paper, this 8 X 10 one, an 8.5 X 11 one and some 4 X 6 sheets as well as the roll paper. See my separate reviews on the others items (including the printer) also on this site, if you are interested in them. However, finally, I got around to trying the 8 x 10 paper. You see you wait until you have the perfect picture to do an enlargement.NICE QUALITY IN SEVERAL DIFFERENT USESIt did not dissappoint. Wow, the colors were great. I took several types of pictures and different lighting and the result were great. Now that I've tried it I'm hooked. People who have seen the pictures first of all can't believe they are off an inkjet printer. Then they marvel at the color and sharpness of the photo.PAPER AND PRINTER INTERATION:One caution, those of you that think you can use any paper on any printer... Forget it. I had some paper from another supplier and when I used it on the Epson, the ghostly images were terrible. It seems not surprisingly that the printers are optimized for their papers. And to be honest, it is not worth the money to me to try a bunch of other manufacturer's paper only to find out the results would be bad.EASIER TO FIND ON THE WEB THAN IN THE STORES:This paper is easier to find on the net. I have looked in my usual spots for this paper off the web and considering not only computer, office supply and grocery stores it is just not out there.Great product... Enjoy.I bought this to print 4x6's in my pixma. These are really nice quality for the price. I found them to be just as nice as higher end 4x6 paper. It prints great on an inkjet. I recommend this product. Any questions please ask i am always looking for advice so i enjoy giving it when i can as well.Nice product,produces very good pics.Nice heavy paper thats works well in my Canon printer.Should last a long time !!! GreatThe Epson High-Gloss Premium Photo Paper is very high quality inkjet paper that produces fantastic looking, smudge resistant prints from myEpson Stylus Photo 2200 Inkjet Printer.This paper is very quick drying so prints can be stacked without worrying that they will stick together. I also like that it is fairly heavy stock so prints have the feel of professional lab quality.Highly Recommended!CFHI knew this was a good price and the quality of the paper was excellent. I ordered it because I had previously ordered the Epson printer. Product was received within a few days.We've been using HP inkjet printers for years and we have a pretty good stash of 4x6 photo paper that we had planned to use with our new Epson Artisan 710 printer.  Unfortunately, when we printed our first 4x6 photo we knew immediately that something was wrong since the colors were extremely blotchy and it took the ink several minutes to dry.I tried changing every printer and quality setting I could find, then it occurred to me that the problem might be the HP paper.  I was skeptical, but I figured I would buy a pack of this paper just to test the theory since it is fairly inexpensive.Anyway, I know it sounds crazy, but this paper completely solved the problem and we're getting beautiful prints from our new Epson Artisan 710 printer!  If you're planning on using HP photo paper with an Epson printer; take my advice and give it away instead - then buy some of this Epson paper for awesome results!As far as the quality of the paper goes, it feels just like the paper used by professional labs.  It also has the right level of gloss to print photos that are sharp and colorful.I highly recommend this paper for use with Epson printers.Recently I got a newEpson XP-410  Printerand was extremely dissatisfied with the quality of the photo prints. After complaining about it to a friend, he told me to try using Epson's own photo paper (I had used HP paper before). Sure enough, the quality of prints improved dramatically. Since my Epson printer is WiFi AND AirPort compatible, I'd much rather use it than my old HP printer. Which means that from now on I'll be shopping for Epson photo paper as well, and my stockpile of old HP paper has become useless. I may still hang on to it just in case I switch back to an HP printer at some point in the future.The paper itself is very nice. The prints are smooth and glossy, as advertised. They are on par with the prints you'll get from the numerous online photo printing sites, but the exact outcome may depend on the quality of the printer you have, as well as on the ink. I am also not sure how durable these prints are, but since I still have many digital photos gracing the walls of my house that are over a decade old, I am pretty confident that this paper will endure for a foreseeable future.This photo paper was quite cheap price wise but works great in my Lexmark, HP, and Epson printers with no problem at all. The quality is decent enough for me and at this price it's super cheap. Performs well, seems to work in a variety of printers, and very inexpensive, I would recommend this for the casual user wanting a few frame picture of the kids etc.We have an Epson R1900 Photo printer. We use Epson photo paper in it exclusively. This paper is high quality and produces very true colors and sharpness. When we buy it at Amazon it is less expensive than when on sale at Epson.I usually used Kodak paper, but I ordered this largely on comments about it being instant dry and very durable.  Both comments are true.  This stuff is ready to use as soon as it comes out of the printer and it can handle small mounts of moisture for several seconds without running or smudging.  I'll never use Kodak again.I bought this photo paper when I was in search of some more photo paper to print out my pictures at home and after looking around I came upon this photo paper from Epson. I had actually recently bought an Epson Workforce 845, so I decide to try the Epson paper as well. In simple words, this is very high quality paper that I would recommend for your 4x6 printing at home. It obviously isn't going to be the &#34;best&#34; , but for the price you definitely can't go wrong. I will be purchasing more of this photo paper in the future as it nice photo paper.This brand of photo paper is truly premium. I print a lot of photos. This is one of the best quality photo papers I've come across. The photos come out looking like you just picked them up from a photo printing store.I started using this paper in 2005, and I'm still using it. I occasionally print sizes up to 8"x10", but about 90% of my color photo printing is on the 4"x6" paper. I've probably used close to a thousand sheets, and the paper quality has been consistently excellent. I'm currently using the paper with an Epson XP-850 printer. I've tried using other brands, but forget it, they never give the rich, vivid color prints that the Epson paper gives.We bought a dedicated photo printer for our preschool.  Epson XP-600.  It was smallish and held photo paper in its trays.  It took us a while to dial in on the right paper for the Airprint from our iOS devices.  This Premium paper did the trick.  Ultra Premium was too shiny and did not look right.  Kodak and HP paper did not work at all.  Neither did the cheaper stuff.  When the price is right here on Amazon, stock up!!!A word on photo quality. Using a Epson Artisan printer with the correct paper will produce better photos than you will get at a typical photo lab. I highly recommend the Epson Photo papers as they are designed for the Epson inks and the Epson printers specifically. I tested the "Epson Premium Photo Paper Glossy" and "Epson Ultra Premium Photo Paper Glossy" and recommend both. Looking at the same image side by side on the two papers the differences are almost imperceptible. The detail and color are identical under the most careful scrutiny. A few differences emerge under very careful observation:* The Ultra Premium Paper is slightly heavier paper, this adds to its stiffness. When picking up a 4x6" photo from the 4" edge there is about half as much bend vs the Premium Paper.* The Ultra Premium Paper has an ISO brightness of 96, versus 92 for the Premium Paper. This makes no difference in color rich areas of photos but in light highlights if you stare long enough you can convince yourself they are brighter in the Ultra Premium. Telling the difference in brightness requires good light, identical photos side by side, and far too much scrutiny.* The Premium costs about 12.7 cents per 4x6 sheet in packs of 100* The Ultra Premium costs about 22.7 cents per 4x6 sheet in packs of 100Given the quality differences are almost imperceptible and the price difference is almost double I'd recommend the Premium for every day use and the Ultra Premium only if you are entering a photo contest or have money burning a hole in your pocket. Photos on the Premium paper will be better than you'd get at your local Walgreens or Costco.Epson Ultra Premium Photo Paper Glossy, 4 x 6, 100 Sheets (S042174)I was shopping for 4x6 photo paper for my Epson printer.  The Epson Premium Paper was a good choice.  Price is right and the quality is fine.I've been a user of Epson glossy photo papers for over a decade.  I've never had a problem with them.  Colors are brilliant and don't fade.  Granted, some of that is ink performance, but the paper clearly lets the ink succeed!  If you have an Epson printer and are using Epson ink, look no further!This was literally the only paper I could find in this size !!!Luckily is does a decent job. Fills a nice niche as 11x14.worried they wont produce it much longer though.I have used several different Epson photo papers.  I prefer the ultrapremium and premium luster papers, especially when you are showing your prints or framing them.  Otherwise, the premium gloss paper is an excellent buy.This is just the size of paper I was looking for. The price was much better than I could find locally.We take so many pictures and have an amazing picture printer, but in the end the paper is an important part in capturing that image just right.  Epson photo paper leaves images clear and bright as well as smudge free.  Overall a great photo paper and the price is great!This color print paper works great on my Epson Stylus color printer. The only caveat I have is don't lay the paper down on the clear plastic envelope that holds the paper as there is a sticky strip on the clear plastic that will ruin any paper it touches.  Also do not leave the print paper out in the light keep it in the dark and in the box until you are ready to use it.  Great stuff!  Is not terribly expensive either.This paper works well with the Epson printer but I would not expect any less from Epson. I would like to see more than 20 sheetsI purchased this paper because it was the cheapest brand out there- and printing your own photos is an expensive hobby. I had intended to use Epson papers for trial runs or copies for friends.  However, the quality of my photos was incredible using epson paper.  The colors are much more vivid and they don't fade over time as some photo papers do.  I now use Epson paper for all my 4x6 photos and I save money!prints are sharp with great color saturation. what more can you ask for from photo paper?You get what you pay for, Though I bought an off brand one last year for the same price which was much better. This one is very stiff and the edges get loose string. This is just a piece of mat cut to shape. Nothing special but gets the job done.This is a simple little mouse pad but works well.  My only objection was that I ordered it along with a new keyboard, expecting them to be shipped together.  The mouse pad, which cost around $3.00, was shipped separately and $5.00 freight was added, which did not make this purchase cost-effective.  Other than that, I have no complaints about the pad itself.For me, I find this Belkin Standard Mouse Pad perfect for my home office. It looks great next to my desktop computer and works very well with my cordless mouse.In fact, I like this mouse pad so much, I purchased one that I keep in my laptop's bag for on the go travel.This is a great quality mouse pad. In fact, I think that is a Best Buy!Highly recommend this one!It does the job, it has given me good use, but what all can one say about a mouse pad?It's cheap and it works, so there isn't a lot I can say about it.  It's a bit thinner than some I've had, but it serves the purpose for which it was designed and purchased.It has a good size.  It has a good surface to track on.  It is very, very lightweight though.  But it stays down just fine over time.Great product for the price. Pretty standard mouse pad nothing extraordinary about it other than the price. It works for what it was meant to work for.Pros:  Smooth surface for the mouse to glide on.  Visually appealing.  Inexpensive.Cons: No grip on the bottom, so it does occasionally move when my kids are playing with it, but it slides back in place just as easily.Overall, We've had this a few months and I'm happy with this purchase.  I'd  recommend it if you're looking for a basic mouse pad to replace a cracked or outdated one.Not as nice as I expected, but I was tired of having my mouse directly on my desk. This solved the problem, but don't expect anything  fancy. Rather than the cloth/rubber I expected, it seemed to be made out of cheap foam. Some free mouse pads may be better than this one, but it is certainly better than nothing.These belkin mouse pads are cheap and effective.  They are worth your consideration when you need a small pad for your mouse.These should all be .89 cents regardless of color but it changes often. Just dont get them wet or the glue will come loose and the fabric will fall off. Not worth more than .89 cents so get any color that is cheaper.Yeah, it's a mouse pad, but the top surface is poorly attached and curled up very quickly.  Better to have one that's all one piece.This is a simple, yet needed item, so I was thrilled to find such a good price. If you use a computer, eventually you go through these as they get dirty or frayed around the edges..This review is of the AT&T; Trimline model 210, made by Advanced American Telephone under license from AT&T.;  Along with similarly-shaped "Trimstyle" and other imitator models, there are readily available  two other, similar phones entitled to use the term "Trimline":  one marketed by Northwestern Bell (which sells a  lot of corded phones); the other the model 205 Trimline, as one expects a bit simpler than the model at hand.  The model  210 Trimline has a long history of production at different sites, with few pauses from the mid-1960s to the present.  During the early days of renting the phone from Ma Bell they were made in Indiana  (rotary models, too); then (according to Wikipedia) tone models came out of Singapore, the Philippines, Mexico, China and again China.  I think the advantages definitely outweigh the disadvantages of owning a newly made model 210, and I'll elaborate:PROS:  Fully modular:  not only the handset but the line cord is modular, including lead into the telephone base itself (prior reviewers did not find that feature) .  This makes extending the line cord a breeze, substituting  either a very long male/male phone cord, or inserting a modular (F/F) adapter in the middle of two conjoined male/male cords.  I've tried that and found fit-and-finish were fine with GE brand coupler from the "Also bought" recommendations at this site.A little heavier than some previous "retro" Trimlines, but of course not nearly so heavy as the originals of the Sixties and Seventies;Receiver volume can be raised or lowered via  switch on the outside of the handset;Inside the phone below the number pad are found an OFF-LO-HI  volume switch (note that it is possible to turn the ringer off entirely, although some earlier reviews have said the contrary).  Chirper is a moderate, office-style pitch, nothing extraordinary;Can hold (if the specs are right) up to 13 stored numbers, although that may really mean ten stored numbers plus the three feature buttons for Fire, Police and Ambulance;It can indeed mount on a wall--just follow instructions.Small footprint and an acknowledged "classic" design, down to the rounded rectangular buttons on the handset.  Lack of ringer bell notwithstanding, this is probably the Trimline design and touchpad layout that best mimics the Bell (Western Electric) Trimlines of 40 years ago.Switchable Tone/Pulse on handset should anyone still need to imitate rotary-dial "pulls" with Pulse;Surprisingly cheap.  This model retails at thirty-two .95 (and you can expect to see it a great deal cheaper here)  Accessories are cheap, but color issues may arise (see below)..CONS:  No one really knows how long this particulate incarnation is going to last under ordinary residential use..  Some prior reviewers had their Trimlines fail almost immediately; others have kept this same model no. for ten years and more;Handset has buttons for "Flash", "Redial" and "Mem[ory]," but not a dedicated "Hold" button per se;This is not a two-line phone; even the cheapest of them cost more;The "lit" handset is indeed so dimly lit as to be practically useless.  At least no separate AC connection is required.There is nothing remotely domestic (USA/Can) about 210's current manufacturing site, China;The coiled handset cord provided is short (a loop of about 32 inches stretched but not overstressed; i.e. about 1.4 feet per side); and . . .Finding  a new longer coiled handset cord, while easy as to function with so many suppliers around, has proved to be a real BEAR when it comes to matching colors!  This AT&T; white is more of an off-white, not the Polar white of GE/RCA white phone accessories, nor anyone else's ivory, ash, or beige that I can determine.  Technically "off-white" as a color still exists in the canon of AT&T; accessories, but.... please let me know if you find any.And speaking of which, despite a need, product instructions lack any attempt to sell accessories like phone cords by mail or web.SUMMARY:  If you want a corded phone with a small footprint for light use that weighs a little more than was strictly necessary,  the current 210 should serve.  But if you want only one "main" corded phone for the living room, kitchen or office, there are plenty more choices out there.  For about twice the money you can get a speakerphone white model out of Northwestern Bell and other Bell competitors and survivors; with not only speakerphone but  more memory, usually a dedicated `Hold' button . . .  and at the higher price ranges genuine TWO-line phones make their appearance!  (This may beg the question of why a second corded line is needed, but there are home/office situations where that's for the best.)Whether your backup is a rarely used cell phone prone to battery depletion, or a traditional corded phone like the Trimline 210, test it every now and then.  No one wants to come across failure during a real emergency situation.Along with its Brady Bunch-era  charm, the Trimline 210 is a recognized design classic.  If you find it a little too bland and you want to make a stronger nostalgia statement, repro-retro Princess phones are not hard to find.  To buy American, some residential phones out of Cortelco that were  manufactured in the USA can still be found.  Good luck whatever your decision, and if any of you know how to find accessories (peripherals) like an AT&T; coiled handset cord in their signature off-white version of white, kindly "Comment" here to that effect!  Thanks.Great classic design.  I imagine it is a wonderful phone if you get one that works.  Mine refused to ring, and yes I checked the ring setting.  Returned it.This model has all the features most people would want on a landline type phone, and mfg. by AT&T, I am expecting a long-lasting lifespan on this device. I wall-mounted mine (easily) and it has been operating perfectly!finally a phone that you don't need to plug into an electrical outlet, no power supply needed, just a phone jack.It's just right, for $12, it's a steal.What you have here is a quality, reliable phone.  While it's not like the updated models you see today, it serves its purpose, and serves its purpose quite well.  When it comes down to it, no matter what kind of fancy phone you see in the world today, you're still basically typing numbers in *just* to talk to someone.  This is why ANY phone will do.  The size, comfort and everything else doesn't matter when it comes down to it.  Don't even get me started on "ring tones".  Geez.As long as the numbers work and the signal is clear, who cares?  The AT&T; phone is exactly what you should buy.  It's a good old phone.Best corded phone on the market -- voice quality, lighted keypad, small footprint. It's everything I need.Perfect replacement  at reasonable cost for an old phone I had.You can't beat this phone for quality and value from AT &T & Amazon.This phone started to have problems around the 1yr mark. First, a lot of static and now it just keeps disconnecting calls. Looking for another.The AT&T; Trimeline is a very basic corded phone that works when the power goes out. We bought three of these (one for our house, shop, and my mother's house) to use mostly as backup for when our various cordless phones become unusable in during power outages (more frequent than I like in our area).We have these connected to line splitters (likeBelkin RJ11 Plug/2-RJ11 Jack Modular T Adapter) and they work just fine. These also have physical switches to adjust the ringer volume and phone volume which, although limited, does give us some control. It is also handy that the keypad is "backlit" and draws power directly from the phone line, allowing you to see the numbers in the dark.While these phones do have the ability to store numbers and even speed-dial, we have not set them up to do it.Highly Recommended!CFHthis is a no frills corded phone.It works out of the box and the sound quality is sufficient- not special.for 10 bucks you can't expect too much but it met all my expectationsI lose electricity now and then and need to have a corded phone...my other one died..lol...THIS one is a great slim size AND the price is ridiculously low! It's a keeper!Big numbers, NO batteries needed, just plug it in the telephone jack and you're ready for flawless calls!  Buy one now!Excellent simple old fashioned wired phone. I hate portable phones because their sound quality is never as good as wired. I mounted this on the bathroom wall. Good quality for the low price.A corded land line with a lighted dial, good sound quality, and the ability to have 'saved' numbers for easy redialing.We needed a corded phone to use during winter power outages here in rural northern Vermont.  I tried a couple of the cheapo Radio Shack specials and they were absolutely unsatisfactory with small cramped buttons, unlit keypads, and poor volume.  I went through the reviews and settled on this AT&T; handset and it's worked out very, very well.PROS:- The handset is sizeable and you can actually get a decent grip on it.- The ear receiver is larger than other handsets and actually fits right on the ear. This doesn't sound like much, but it makes a difference in a noisy atmosphere.- The buttons are good sized and light well enough to see in dim lighting.- The volume is adjustable and even though I am slightly hard of hearing, it is more than adequate without turning it all the way up.- The price! The price! The price!  It's a bargain!CONS:- The base is light for a desk-top type phone. Got to be careful when you yank it around - it will fly off the counter. (Alternately, it does mount on the wall.)- The handset cord is too short. I read this in the other reviews so I did order a 12-foot stretchable replacement handset cord with the phone and I'm glad I did.  If you buy this phone, you should too.All in all, it's a very, very good phone.  Good quality at a great price.This is a very nice phone for the price and I have no complaints. Good sound quality and easy to handle and use.You learn that when there is a power outage, the cordless will not work because the base is plugged into the electrical socket so its a good little phone to have plugged into a landline that's there when you need it, even if you have a cell phone ....because you could have a low battery and this landline though to some out dated, it sure helps in a pinch.!I've been using the Trimline phone since it was called the Princess Phone back in the Ma Bell days. Except back then, they were more expensive. My old ones were getting staticy, so they were overdue for replacement. I threw them out and bought two of these. This thing is ten bucks, and it works great. I have a white one and a black one so that I will have a little variety and political correctness in my home.Great price on the phone, but quality of sound is not good. It still can be used if you main phone broke and you need temporarily to use something else until you purchase a better phone.I bought this for when the power goes out.  It works great and the price was right for a backup phone.I bought this on Amazon because of the price for my replacement land line.  it is a good phone and it has a good sound to it.  it is not tinny in my ear as some phones are.  Let's face it, it's only a matter of time until the land line phone is history along with the phone book so I wasn't spending a lot of money on it.  The ringer is nice and not annoying as some are.  I am happy with my purchase.This is a good basic corded telephone.  I lost my electricity this morning and of the four telephones I have, this was the only one that worked during the outage, even though my other telephones have battery back ups.I recommend this telephone for someone who is not concerned about frills.August 2012. I purchased two of these phones to wall mount in my basement and garage. They work - meaning they ring - but I get complaints about voice quality on every call. Cost was $9.00 each with free shipping (assuming the order totaled at least $25.00)Despite some remarks that these phones can not be wall mounted, those statements are simply NOT true. I have two of these phones, both of which are currently wall mounted. As noted in the instructions, you must reverse a clip on the base unit for wall mounting. That clip then provides a tab/hook that keeps the phone firmly in place on the base unit. This type of arrangement is essentially universal to all phones that I've ever seen that can be both used horizontally or vertically. To switch the tab from horizontal to vertical mounting took less than 5 seconds.Another bit of confusion. A few reviewers state that the cord from the base to phone is hard wired and can not be replaced with a longer one. That is not true, at least in 2012. The cord has standard clips on both ends and can be replaced at will.Yet despite that mis-information - I'm VERY disappointed with the voice quality. Every time I answer these phones people complain (unsolicited) about the voice quality. A hard wired phone (as opposed to a cordless) should sound great but clearly these phones don't! Your only real option for a better hard wired phone would be a Panasonic, at about $30.00.If you're looking for a very basic phone that is of high quality and durability, this is the phone for you! It met my expectations in every way. Of course I like that the AT&T name stands behind it. I have always known them to produce quality products and stand by their products if there happened to be any problem. As I said though, this phone is the basic... no caller ID, etc., no bells and whistles... just a phone with great sound clarity that seems like it will last me as long as I need to use it. I'm very satisfied with my purchase. The phone itself even looks nice. I got it in white... shows the dust less! Ringer volume is perfect and adjustable, as is the voice volume. There are also three one-touch speed-dials for emergency numbers or that special someone you want to keep reachable at your fingertips! I would highly recommend this phone to anyone who needs a basic communication device and who still believes in the AT&T name. You can't go wrong purchasing from Amazon at this price either... it's really remarkable all you get for such an inexpensive phone! Best wishes talking on your new AT&T phone!I've loved the trimline phone ever since I got my first phone more than 20 years ago.  Then, the trimline was a real, Bell System, telephone.  Although this phone is clearly not the same as the real Bell trimline phones, it still has the great, comfortable design and the dialpad in the handset, which makes it an excellent choice.  I've compared several other trimline phones and this is the closest phone I could find to the original Bell phones.Northwestern Bell also makes a trimline phone, but the quality and comfort are nowhere near this AT&T; version.If you read the other reviews, you will see that at least one review (dated November of 2004) says that this phone was discontinued.  Yet, here we are in late November 2004, and its still around.  I'm guessing (could be wrong here) that this phone will be around forever, even though AT&T; no longer promotes it on their web-site.I recently bought this phone after several two more expensive models failed; his telephone by AT&T; and Lucent works better than the other phones I bought when I had to get a new phone for my home. The construction of this telephone reflects great engineering; and it's very, very reliable for a price that's very inexpensive these days for a phone. Yes, it is corded; but when all you really need is a basic phone this really does the job. Besides, the fact that this is corded means you'll never misplace the cordless handset!The phone has back lit buttons which are desirable for those of us who are elderly or in any way sight impaired. The buttons could be brighter but the back lighting does improve upon no lighting. The phone offers well known features including "last number redial," too. The phone has a mute feature, adjustable ringer volume and more. These functions never disappoint me. It also has a small knob that lets you switch between touch tone and pulse (rotary) dialing. I use touch tone dialing as most people do. I am particularly impressed that a phone in this price range even has a twelve number memory feature for speed dialing. Cool! However, as another reviewer correctly notes, when you program the phone to remember frequently dialed numbers, you need to actually dial the number--so hang up fast if you don't intend to speak with that person at just that moment! I don't care for that so I will take off one star for this.If you want to take a nap without the phone ringing, just turn the ringer off by using the knob at the base of the phone. That's an incredibly useful feature!I highly recommend this telephone for people who merely want a basic, inexpensive phone that still has a few "frills" to like including memory speed dialing and mute. The extra features give you all you truly need to make this a well constructed telephone at a rather inexpensive price. Sure, the back lighting for the buttons on the phone could be brighter; but overall this is still quite a good phone for the price. The phone takes up little space and it can even be wall mounted to completely save counter space in a kitchen or any other room.We just replaced an older AT&T 210 corded phone with a new one because the sound on the old one had become difficult to hear.  We use the phone as a kitchen wall phone.  The new 210 is lighter than the older one it replaced but seems identical otherwise. This phone is competitively priced and fulfills our needs so we can recommend it without reservation.A classic, well made phone like they all used to be.  Feels good in your hand and sounds good when you listen. Inexpensive but made well.We like to keep one non-electric phone in the house in case power goes out.  We have learned that during hurricanes, earthquakes and even big power failures that sometimes even cell phones don't work but these non-electric phones that plug right into the telephone outlet work when other things don't -that is if your phone service is not from the cable company but driectly from the telephone company. In regular day-today activies we use only cordless and cell phones but they can be useless in an emergency so we like the safety of having one phone like this.  This is fine little phone and the price as great.It's a good basic phone and perfectly worth the price (roughly $10). It's just like you remember from your childhood except in plastic. My only complaint is that the lighted keypad isn't very bright.Does the job and not too flimsy. However, like many lightweight phones, easy to pull off a table when the handset cord gets twisted. If you rely on just your cordless phones, you are making a mistake. During a power failure, you will not be able to use landline service.I use this on one side of a King bed and a cordless on the other.  We have lots of short term outages here, but last week we were out 3+ days after an ice storm. Most landline service will continue to work for a few days during power failures, but you need a hardwired phone at home. This is an inexpensive way to go.I use this phone for a buck up in case the electricity fails and my cordless phones do not work.  I like it much better than similar phones because this phone has a replaceable phone to handset cord.  Most similar phones are hardwired so you cannot replace the cord in case something goes wrong or you want a longer reach cordNo caller id, no bells and whistles.  This is a basic solid well made phone.  Buttons are large and easy to press.  Has 3 speed dials and 10 memory locations.  Last number redial. Tone/pulse switchable.  One drawback -- you CANNOT program a "pause" if you need to dial "9" for an outside line; not a big deal, but you should be aware of that.The phone works very well.  I hear clearly and the people hear me clearly.  The handset is large and that makes it easy to hold.  You can also easily attach a shoulder cushion for holding the phone on your shoulder.  The handset is a tad heavy so I wouldn't use it for hour long calls, but it's perfect for extensions.  And it works in a power failure without batteries.For 10 bucks no one should complain about this phone.The AT&T; Trimline 210 corded phone certainly isn't encumbered with a lot of bells and whistles, but it has enough extras to suit my purpose.We have a 35-year-old home we built. It's a large house with many rooms and the old analog sets were not functioning properly, so I replaced four sets with this trimline model where I can use three one-touch buttons for memory dial and store ten numbers in speed dial. Our cordless sets handle other requirements nicely, but since we're in a cell dead zone and an area with frequent power outages, it's really nice to have an old reliable set. The trimline is just that.Decently made (though sadly not in the USA--no corded telephones are made in the US any more) with just enough extras which include a lighted keypad, a mute button which allows you to hear your caller but prevents them from hearing you, Flash which allows easy access to Call Waiting (if you subscribe to this service) and Redial which redials the last number called.Setup was a snap (two phones installed as wall phones, two as table models) and all phones now have the speed dial numbers stored for quick access. Simple and efficient, and very affordable.If you're looking for a neat, professional look with your giftwrapping, this tape is a big help. It's invisible on the variety of wrapping papers I tried it on. It holds tightly and doesn't curl in on itself. I found it significantly easier to use than regular Scotch tape.This tape does nearly disappear on gift wrap and does hold very securely -- almost too securely; while wrapping Christmas gifts, I realized how dependent I was on being able to carefully peel back a bit of tape and reposition it when necessary.  That can't be done with this tape; once it's stuck, it's stuck.The one thing I didn't like about the tape is that it was somewhat hard to tear off the roll.  This isn't a big deal; it's not like trying to tear, say, adhesive tape, but it often took a couple stabs before the edge of the tape hit the cutter edge just right so the piece of tape would tear off.  This fumbling occasionally caused the tape to reel out too far, or to contact the gift wrap before the tape was torn off the roll (picture holding down gift wrap and tape roll with one hand, pulling tape and tearing with the other), and of course once it encountered the gift wrap, too bad if it wasn't in the right spot.  No peeling it off.If this product and the old standby, Scotch Magic Tape, were available at the same price, I would probably buy this one for gift wrapping since the matte finish and secure sticking were nice on the gifts.  However, if it was priced higher, I'd probably stick with Magic Tape, since it disappears and sticks nearly as well, and it doesn't have the tough-to-tear issues.We ordered this a while ago and have only really used it now that the holidays are in full gear.  This is very impressive tape.  It does exactly what it says it does.  It virtually disappears once you put it on wrapping paper.  After I wrapped some presents for my office party, I asked my two young sons to look for the tape.  They only found it by pressing down on the package and feeling for the tape edge.  Pretty impressive!  In addition to this, it is strong.  As with all scotch tape, once you put it down it really holds paper in place.  Overall, this is a very impressive product that does exactly what it was created to do.  Thus, five stars.What can I say, it's Scotch tape.  I could certainly use the 3 rolls of tape as Christmas is quickly approaching.This is my favorite type of tape.  It looks so "dainty" with the satin finish.  It is perfect for gift wrapping, such as it was intended.But you can use it for whatever you want.It looks so delicate and smooth.With the holidays coming up, this tape is perfect for wrapping.Looks aside, this tape does its job.  It is strong and durable.Highly recommended.Life is too short to wrap gifts with "bargain" tape...Ok, perhaps that is going a bit far, but when I think about all the times I have struggled with tough, bargain brand tape when I am trying to wrap a gift, it makes me wonder what I was thinking.  Sure, if it is what you have at the time, then cheap tape can get the job done.But if you are anything like me, wrapping a gift nicely is enough of a struggle.  Dealing with tape that doesn't want to break when you cut it, tape that won't cut straight, tape that is slightly yellow, well, for me anyhow that is a frustration I am glad to do without during the holidays.  By the time I am done struggling with some off brand roll of tape, it certainly doesn't seem like a "bargain".I would not go so far as to say this tape is invisible, but the satiny finish somehow blends in just perfectly on the wrapping paper to where you almost can't see it.And with 3 rolls, it means no arguing for the tape roll when I am wrapping gifts with the kids.I would say that I was somewhat surprised at how little tape was on each roll. I am not sure if that was because I got it as promotional item,  but as I said having the 3 separate rolls comes in handy, especially if you have kids.Sure, kids will find something else to argue about, and you will find other problems to concern yourself with, but tape doesn't have to be one of them if you use Scotch brand gift tape. As I like to say - quality doesn't really cost, it pays.There's not a lot I can say about Scotch brand tape except that it is of the highest quality.  Whenever I cave in and buy the cheap store brand tape, I always regret it.  Scotch's quality is more than worth the price.This pack of Magic tape includes three rolls of 300 inches.  Though they could have packed a bit more tape on each roll, this is still a good deal and an excellent holiday tool.The satin finish is supposed to make this more invisible than regular "Magic" tape when used on gift wrap.  To my eyes, there is almost no difference.  So the only reason to get this is if the price is better than regular "Magic" tape.  As I write this review, it is!To be clear, there's nothing WRONG with this tape.  It works just as well as regular "Magic" tape.  It's very hard to see when applied.  And, I assume, it'll have the same remarkable durability as regular "Magic" tape.  It's just that it's special feature (satin finish, more invisible on gift wrap) doesn't work.I was skeptical that I would see a difference with this tape compared to regular Scotch tape, so I wrapped two presents: one in regular Scotch tape and one in this Scotch Gift Wrap Tape.The first difference is that the Gift Wrap Tape seems to be slightly more heavy duty. After wrapping, it is also clear that the gift wrap tape was less cloudy and did indeed look better than the present wrapped in regular tape. I wouldn't say that the difference was dramatic, but it was enough.So overall, as long as there is not much of a price difference I would definitely say go with the Gift Wrap Tape in situations where you want whatever you are taping to look nice.I give the tape itself 5 stars -it is fantastic, and is really the best tape to use on wrapping paper, because it does a great job of disappearing.  It is MUCH better, in fact, than the typical Scotch tape which can be removed and reused if not put on correctly --and which is not fully see through.  Though that tape also does a great job when used for wrapping, the Satin Finish tape is better.The only problem I had is that I was really surprised at how little tape came on each of these three rolls; it was ridiculous.  I had a "regular" single roll of Scotch Satin Tape and the tape on THAT roll was at LEAST three times the diameter of the tape on each of these 3-pack rolls.  So, the bottom line is that these three rolls of tape seem to have less tape than a single roll of the regular sized Scotch Satin Tape.  Basically if you like to have more rolls of tape lying around (for example, useful if other people are helping you wrap) AND the three rolls are cheaper, together, than a single roll, then go for the three rolls.  If, however, you like having less clutter, less wasting of resources (more plastic going into the garbage), and NOT running out of tape in the middle of wrapping, go for the single roll.  (The single roll also has the advantage of having a stronger case -and is sealed on both the front and the back.You can't go wrong with the quality of this product, just with the amount of waste, and the amount of tape you get for your money.Recommended as a single roll.  Not recommended as a three pack unless multiple people are wrapping at the same time.The best tape for  gifts - Scotch is the only brand I use.  Pre-cut pieces to make it easier while wrapping a present as it makes it so convenient to use.  I recommend highly!This 3-pack of Scotch tape works really well but the thing is, especially during the holidays with Christmas approaching, you'll go through 3 of these very quickly.  Even when you try to conserve, a situation will probably arise when you'll be using it more than you'd like.  I believe if you have a family of 4 or more, a 3-pack is enough to hold your family over for a few months, however again, this stuff is easily used up like it grows on trees during the Christmas present-wrapping holiday season.  Since it's not very expensive to buy (less than 9 bucks at the moment including shipping and handling) I recommend buying at least two 3-packs (6 packs total).  Hey you never know when that extra pack will come in handy.  Anyway the tape is sticky and reliable enough that I can easily recommend it to anyone and let's be honest, we *all* will unexpectedly need Scotch tape for one reason or another, and it's good to have a pack around when these moments come.You expect tape to do a couple tasks: Adhere and disappear.Scotch does both. 3 rolls ... means more of what tape needs to do.I think this is the best tape for your money and it's the kind I always buy.  It's virtually invisible upon use and it's not too expensive.  I won't use any other tape for gift wrapping.What can you say about great tape? It sticks, it tears easily from the dispenser, and it disappears on the gift wrap, except on foil wrapping were you can still see it a little. I'd get it again for sure.This is a "third generation" Scotch tape.  Like the Scotch tape of old, it has a shiny surface, unlike the second-generation "Magic Tape" Scotch tape which virtually disappears on paper with a conventional "rough" surface.  It's virtually undetectable on shiny gift wrap.  It also has more "body" than the Magic Tape variety, making it easier to use.This Scotch Satin GiftWrap Tape does what tape should do - it's easy to use, sticks to paper effortlessly and is great for wrapping gifts. I found that the satin finish did a nice job disappearing - not like the cheap stuff that has a shiny finish. The price is reasonable too. All in all, this is a great product.Does what it says. You can barely see this tape so any presents you wrap will look flawless. Now I'm going to confess that Scotch makes the best tape for everything. They also make packaging tape that is very easy to use.This tape works great for gifts because it almost disappears after you put it on to give a nice clean look. The quaily of the actual dispenser has gone down hill over the years probably to save costs or the enviornment. It still works ok, but it is sort of flimsy compared to the good old days. But with that small issue aside I still like the tape and plan to continue using it for years to come.3M is probably one of the most innovative companies in the world.  They can take one product and make a thousand slightly different corresponding products from that base product.  They have done that again with the Scotch Gift Wrap Tape.  When you compare it to the standard tape with a non-gloss finish, this tape blends into the packaging material better than the standard.  It gives a nice look that basically hides the tape from a distance.There are two negatives that I noticed:  The tensile strength is slightly higher thus it makes it slightly more difficult to tear.  It also seems to roll up on me with longer strips than the older standard version.  Therefore the 4 stars.. . . and it does what it is supposed to do.  I just went through two rolls wrapping gifts -- and it seems a little more substantial and thicker than cheaper tapes, it isn't the slightest bit shiny, so it disappears on packages, it's easy to tear, the dispenser was sturdy enough that the tape didn't come off the serrated part and stick to itself, and in using the entire two rolls I never had to engage in the frustrating process of trying to find the end and then peel it off of the rest of the roll.  My only beef -- there's not much tape on the rolls.  They're kind of like rolls of wrapping paper, in that it always looks like there's more there than you actually get.It's tape.  It's pretty good tape, and a pleasure to use, but it is just tape.  I would definitely buy Scotch gift wrap tape again, though I don't expect it to change my life.I have 5 November birthdays and each of them got a few presents.  This Scotch tape is perfect.  It tears off nicely and when you put it on your packages, you can't even notice it's there.  Scotch is the only brand I ever got but they improved the quality of this tape by making it invisible.Also, the price on Amazon is great.  I highly recommend it if you are fussy with your packages like I am.Scotch Giftwrap Tape may not be new, but if you've never tried it, now's the time! It is made with a special satin or semi-gloss finish that makes the tape virtually invisible on most giftwrap paper. Try it on a package and you'll be surprised at how it disappears. Scrapbookers might want to experiment with this tape as well. With all of the holiday gift wrapping near, you really need to get some of this tape - you will be rewarded with praise for your professional looking packages. Very highly recommended!I probably wouldn't use this tape for gift wrapping after realizing -like many of the other reviewers- that there is not a whole lot of tape on each roll.  I'm not so concerned that my gifts look impeccabl, so I wouldn't pay more for this product for that use.  BUT, I had some beloved children's books that my kids have been rough on and pulled out the tape today to see how it faired compared to the regular tape that I normally use to tape up little tears and bends and this stuff is AWESOME!  It feels much thicker and more durable than regular tape and is nearly impossible to see. I pulled out one book that has lots of bad bends, some tears, and the binding is wearing off.  I taped every single little thing to see how it would look afterwards and to see how durable it felt.  I was completely impressed!  I seriously couldn't see where I had taped and it felt really strong. And the book looked and felt 100 times better than the books that I used regular tape on. It is also important to note that the tape feels really silky and soft and it it difficult to feel where the edges are.  I'm not sure how they did that, but I love it!  I will DEFINITELY keep some rolls on hand for book repairs because I think it would be worth the slightly additional cost for the vast improvement in look and durability.After trying cheaper brands of tape, I always return to Scotch tape because of the quality. This is no different. Does what it is marketed for, not showing up on gift wrap. Like that it disappears because the package does look nicer without seeing the tape. Would like to see if it comes in 1/2 inch size. I find the 3/4 inch too wide.While the glossy tape that I use at the office is good for keeping things together, it shows up very easily on gift wrap, being all shiny.  The matte or satin finsh on this is perfect for gifts..  doesnt attract or reflect light, so that you see the wrapping paper and not the tape. Very simple and it works.Con:  this type of tape is really for gift wrapping and isnt as attractive for normal everyday use, but it can be used as such.  Get both scotch gift tape and scotch regualr tape and you will have the right tape for the right occasion.Ever since I was a little kid I have loved this Scotch glossy tape.  It's the only brand and variety of tape that I will buy.  It's a little unfortunate that they market this as "gift wrap tape" because while it is ideal for gift wrap (it literally disappears), it's also perfect for any other task requiring tape. On some surfaces the glossy-ness of the tape will stick out, I still prefer that glossy-ness to the dull-ness that you get by using regular tape.  I also find this stuff to be stickier and easier to work with (long pieces) than the regular Scotch 'matte' tape. Note that Amazon probably isn't your best bet for buying the stuff, as I often see it cheaper at local stores.Maybe I'm taking advantage of the vine here, but this comes just in time for the holiday wrapping season.  I like the strips I reviewed ealier, but these are just as good when I'm in the thick of the package wrapping experience.  They are right, I can step back a few feet and I cannot see the tape on the paper when it turns invisible on contact.  The 3/4 inch size is just right for packages, the half inch stuff is too skinny and too easy to tangle when pulling loner strands off the rolls.Tape like this can be taken for granted unless you have some of the old dimestore stuff around and try and use it.  Hard to get off the roll, breaks easy, gets yellow all problems not happening with this cheap stuff.  Why doesn't it get five stars, well one can say this is a five star product, but they've not done much inovation in the last several years.  Can they inovate, I don't know, maybe it's too perfect now, but sooner or later everything gets better, and I challenge 3M to improve this.This is great tape for wrapping presents, it truly does become almost invisible when applied to the wrapping paper.  It's easy to use, tears easily, and I love that it's a 3 pack.  Maybe nothing in the world is more frustrating than running out of tape mid package!I highly recommend this tape!This stuff is fantastic.  If you love wrapping packages that have that "Ooh, how did you do that without the tape showing" look, be SURE to grab this stuff!  Been buying it for years and have used it as a professional wrapping staple since it was introduced.  Lasts forever, is a great 3/4" wide so it covers those larger package ends. Great quality, MADE IN THE USA!, highly, highly recommend!I wrap a lot of gifts at the holiday season.  I am more into wrapping with wrapping patterned paper than the expensive option of gift bags.  So I tend to be very picky when it comes to my paper and tape.  I love this tape, I've been buying it for a few years.  It is actually a little bit more shiny than the regular Scotch tape, but blends into wrapping paper better than regular Scotch tape.  I used to use the double stick tape, but that was getting too expensive, especially with the kids just ripping off the paper quicker than you can say "boo".  I am the one who cares so much about how the finished gift wrapping looks, yes I admit that.  But when giving a gift to someone other than my own family, looks do mean a lot.  I spent a lot of time deciding what to give this person, so when I wrap it, I want it to look like I care.  So I use this tape.I like to think that fingerprints don't seem to show as easily as regular Scotch tape, but that may just be wishful thinking.  It seems that with this Gift Wrap tape, the actual adhesive on the film is more microscopic so you can't see the texture like you do with regular Scotch tape.As far as the 3 roll thing, I much prefer to buy a regular roll and put it into a dispenser.  The flimsy dispenser that the rolls come in in the 3 roll pack are very basic.  The length of tape you get with the 3 roll pack is a lot shorter than a single roll, so if you have many gifts to wrap, then consider buying more of the single rolls.  Another reason you might like the single roll is because the serrated edge for the tape cutter is much more crude than a heavy desktop tape dispenser or even a regular plastic dispenser.  I prefer the weight of the desktop tape dispenser when wrapping a lot of gifts.  Its a bit easier to tear off the tape with that weight in it, and it's more of a one handed job than a two handed job.We've only ever use Scotch tape at my house, it's the tape that holds up better in not ripping or tearing when you don't want it to. It's always been stronger in keeping this together than the cheaper brands. The Gift Wrap tape is excellent for wrapping any gifts as it boasts a certain amount invisibility. It doesn't completely disappear, of course, but it's less noticeable than other kinds of tape. The price for three roles is pretty cheap as well. I would definitely recommend this Scotch Gift Wrap for any holiday or birthday wrapping you need.What, exactly, can you say about Scotch Tape...? It was intended for gift-wrapping, and it does it's job nicely. My Wife is a fanatical wrapper, and hates when you can see the tape on the wrapped presents, and the Scotch Gift Wrap Tape passed her highly critical eye with flying colorsThanks for making my Holiday season a little bit easier, Scotch.  ;)I normally just use regular tape to seal wrapping paper and thought it looked fine.  Well, after using this gift wrapping finish tape, I don't think I will be going back to standard tape.  The wrapping paper no longer shows the tape as easily and it just looks more "professionally" wrapped.  It just makes the gift look more pleasing.  It's amazing what a visual difference it makes.I highly recommend this product.I love this tape for gift wrapping because you almost can't tell the tape is there, unlike the green version. It does the job and blends in with the wrapping beautifully.I finally had a chance to try this product while undergoing a Christmas present wrapping marathon.I used three types of tape: Scotch Gift Wrap tape, Scotch Magic tape, an off brand matte tape and an off brand glossy/shiny tape.I also wrapped using tissue paper, glossy wrapping paper, and dollar store wrapping paper.The Scotch Gift Wrape tape outperformed the other three on all areas.  THe most noticable being when I used tissue paper. The tape was completely invisible.  Even the Magic tape showed up.There was a huge difference in the ease of the tape.  The Gift Wrap tape was silky and smooth and went easily from dispenser to paper. It didn't pick up any dust or anything else in transit. I was wrapping on a carpeted basement floor with a dog nearby. The off brands actaully picked up dog hair and dust on the way from the dispenser to the wrapping paper.Overall, there is no comparison between the Scotch Gift Wrap tape and the others.  It is worth the price (and I'm saying this as a cheapskate) because less is wasted due to the quality.I would buy this regularly in the future and I would recommend this to all.You can NOT go wrong with scotch tape. It's a classic. This definitely came in handy on Black Friday when I sat down after shopping and wrapped all my gifts. My fiance was so outdone when he came home and saw gifts already wrapped! :) lolI have routinely spent a lot of money on nice, colorful gift wrap and then, when I get the gift wrapped all that seems to stand out is the tape that is used to seal the package.  This gift wrap tape actually becomes invisable on the package and lets your gift wrap show through.  It doesn't cost much more to make your gift wrapping look really professional.  I used this tape on both a solid blue colored wrap and a mulit-colored paper and it worked great on both.  It was also invisable where I used the tape to attach the little envelope with the gift tag and note,  I recommend this tape and will probably end up using it for more than just gift wrapping.. it's a very nice tape for everyday use as well.I guess you might say tape is tape is tape but there are varying qualities from the cheap generic to the more expensive name brands like Scotch.  Right here around the Holiday Season gift wrapping is certainly something we're doing a lot of so a set of three rolls of tape comes in very handy.  This particular tape sticks on flat and clear so as not to obscure your wrapping paper.  A definitive advantage over the cheaper tape is that the adhesive is very strong - this tape is not going to pop off the paper as you work on a complex wrap job.  Once it is in place it stays.  I like that.  It pulls from the roll and tears off well on the cutting teeth.  Overall it is good quality tape.We use Scotch Gift wrap tape for all our wrapping of presents.  It is a superior product in every way.Most commercial gift wrap has a sheen as we all know.  We, a long time ago, used regular Scotch tape, the one in the red roller that we all grew up with.  It was always very visable because of the shine on the tape.  Mending a torn page in a book would always be very obvious and after time it would yellow a bit.  Then came the green lable---major improvment.  It had a non-gloss surface that really works well for mending torn book pages etc.  However it was still noticable on gift wrap as the paper had more sheen than the tape----and now, we have a solution to this heart wrenching problem.  Seriously, Scotch GiftWrap is a noticable improvment, it is as close to invisable as one could get as the sheen is about the same as the paper!  You get the tape stuck in the wrong place and try to remove it, you have a mess.  With this product, you just can't spot the goof up! (If you every saw my gift-wrap ability, you would understand why I like it so much). It really is a good quality product and does what it claims so I think the four stars are earned!I'm not real sure what I'm supposed to say about this stuff in a review. I mean, is there anybody in the United States who isn't familiar with Scotch tape? It's the grand daddy of all cellophane tapes, and this gift wrap tape just adds a couple features that make Scotch tape better and better. First, it's a handy three pack, just in time for Christmas and assuring even the biggest of gift givers enough tape to wrap everything. Then, there's the satin finish, which becomes darn near invisible on patterned paper, and pretty close to that on everything else. Finally, it sticks. This is a great product, and I don't see how I couldn't give it five stars.Works great - Easy tear - Can not notice it on Christmas packages - Comfortable dispenser and highly affordable! What more can ya want in tape??Sure, regular clear tape works fine for gift-wrapping, but if you want your gifts to look like they're professionally wrapped with a tape that blends into the wrapping paper so well you almost don't know it's there, this is the tape for you. The best thing about this tape is that you virtually don't see it on most gift wrapping paper. The satin finish isn't too shiny or mattte. It holds very well and the three pack is a convenient size. Now that I've used this tape, I just can't go back to the old tape I used to use.A quick tip: If you press down and smooth the tape with your fingers after it's on the gift, the tape blends in with the wrapping paper even more and looks like it almost disappears.Great product!Scotch continues their tradition of top quality products withScotch Gift Wrap Tape, 3/4 inch, 3 rolls. With its semigloss (or satin as they call it) finish, the tape looks very nice on gifts and it's hardly noticeable. While it might not actually disappear on the paper, I doubt many people pay much attention to the tape when they're busy tearing open gifts. The tape adheres well and does everything you could rationally ask of it. However, my one problem is the amount of tape on the dispenser, which is rather measly in comparison to a regular roll of Scotch tape. I'd rather get more tape, even if it means paying more, so that there is a reasonable amount on the roll, and there would be far less waste. Altogether, the tape is nice and the price seems fair.We've long been fans of Scotch brand products - always finding them dependable.  The same is true of this Scotch Gift Wrap Tape.  It's that time of year again and we've made good use of this already.  It holds wrapping securely yet is transparent enough not to spoil the colorful paper.We also  use it to cover addresses on parcels to be  mailed, knowing it will protect the ink even if the packages are caught in a wet blizzard.The holidays aren't the only  times this tape  comes in handy as we've used it to repair torn pages in a notebook, by doubling it we've used it to attach To-From cards and, believe it or  not, in a real hurry it held the torn hem of a skirt.You  never know what it might be used  for  next - only that you'd better have some on hand.I've never had an issue with the way normal tape looks when wrapping presents, but this tape does really disappear and it looks good.  You can still see the tape of course but it's much less visible than normal tape.If you wrap a lot of presents or are a Martha Stewart-type perfectionist, you might want to consider this tape.  The other 99% of us can just use normal tape! :)The tape - at first I wondered: "How can this be different?". The answer is rather subtle ... the tape has a strong backing with a semi-gloss (satin if you will) finish. For a "tape collector" I guess it is slightly between "magic" and clear tape.* Not a big deal to me and most people, but hey different strokes for different folks.Also it is considered "photo safe" I guess that means it won't yellow over time like tape from the 70s does/has.This is by far my favorite type of tape to use for gift wrapping. The tape breaks off of the roll easily, and does not bend or warp. The tape always sticks well, holds tight and remains clear. A very attractive option for gift wrapping.Now this is what I needed. Very clear and at a great deal. Its hard to see the tape on the gifts I had to wrap. Tried some cheaper tape. What a mistake. For now on I am going to use this.This tape is perfect for wrapping all of your presents.  It completely dissapears into the paper and makes your gifts look flawless. It has a strong hold and you don't need to use a lot of it in order to make the paper stay.Sounds like a miniscule item to be concerned about, but this is great tape.  It makes your packages look so much better and is a dream to use. Doesn't get stuck where you don't want it and virtually disappears on paper.I hate wrapping gifts, so I really liked how easy the tape made it.  You couldn't see the fingerprints, it has a nice finish to it, and the pieces are precut to a nice short length.  I found this all very helpful.  I read on one of the reviews that there was a complaint about the amount of tape that was on these rolls, and I have to agree that there wasn't as much, but for me that was a minor negative.  I think this tape is pretty great and sure is convenient.The finish on this tape is ideal for gifts in that it tends to disappear over most types of wrapping, to give that special present a little extra touch beyond straight plastic tape.This tape has an excellent adhesive, sticking to paper or foil with no problem.  As advertised, the tape is almost invisible on the package.  Scotch make quality tape and this is no exception.Scotch Gift tape is a great product for its intended purpose - wrapping gifts.  The tape is much less noticeable on typical gift wrap than either Scotch Magic Tape (which is a bit too matte for this purpose) or shiny generic tapes.But I have to mark down this particular product down because the amount of product given is so stingy.  Each roll only has 300 inches of tape - compare this to a a Scotch Magic Tape refill that I had sitting in my cabinet that was 1296 inches long.  And I dislike the fact that the product description on Amazon says nothing about how much tape is included, so you won't realize the issue until you get your order.The tape is not shiny it has a matte finish and doesn't stick out when used on gift wrap. It also tears easily with the dispenser it comes in.It is good and sticky. The glue didn't wear off at all.This new gift wrapping tape and the Scotch brand magic transparent tape I have been using for years are very similar. The old tape is translucent with a foggy finish. The new tape is slightly clearer and more glossy. It doesn't accept ink or pencil marks so easily, but you can write on it with a Sharpie.Overall, the old tape is more useful.It's tape. How different can tape be ? Well very, with the Scotch people ! The gift wrap tape sealed all the package to the point where many receivers could not locate what was holding their presents together. I , for one , enjoyed the frustration on their faces trying to open their gifts. Merry Christmas !You buy a nice gift and you want to wrap it for that special person to whom you are going to give it.  You found the perfect gift wrap paper, cut the paper perfectly and fold every crease to perfection.  Now use the best tape there is to seal the deal!Scotch Giftwrap Tape has a unique satin finish that helps the tape disappear on the wrapping paper.  It seals tightly and it is easy to dispense and cut.  It doesn't yellow or show air bubbles and provides the finishing touch on the package.  Tape that doesn't show up so much that it steals the beauty of your wrapping job.Don't forget the ribbon!this package of Scotch Gift Wrap Tape was a great help in wrapping gifts this season. The tape is sturdy and invisible against the wrapping paper background. The perforated edge makes it easy break the tape off it's role.The only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars is that I would have liked more tape per roll. We went through these 3 tape dispensers very quickly. I typically like to buy the larger rolls.  Otherwise, another great product from ScotchI recently testedScotch Magic(TM) Tape 3105, 3/4-inch x 300 Inches, 3-Packagainst Scotch's(R) Satin Finish Gift-wrap tape.  Both were both 3/4 inches wide.You can't go wrong with either of these products!  They both came in the very familiar and proven dispensers - nothing fancy, and they just work well.I was surprised to see that the Matte Finish product was actually more invisible than the Satin Finish Gift-wrap product - but unless you saw them side by side, you'd never know.The Satin Finish Gift Wrap Tape did allow me to easily remove or reposition the tape.  Either way, find the best price, keep it simple, and use either of these tape products - you will not be disappointed!If you are the person that wraps gifts with the comics section of the paper or buys 99 cent rolls of paper then this would be a bit of overkill for you. if you care about your package and you purchase high quality paper then you need this tape. it looks great! The satin finish can't be beat. For about 4 bucks you get about 27 yards of tape. I think that is quite acceptable. If you buy those 50 cent rolls from Big Lots or Walmart you will only get about 6 yards of tape per roll and its crappy tape.The one thing that annoys me to no end with this is the serrated cutting bar. If if were just a smidge wider than the tape it would work way better. Many times it has not cut the tape correctly unless it's just right-so annoying!I received this product free of charge to try through the vine program.Would I spend my own money on this? noYou are a person who cares about details.  The normalScotch Magic(TM) Tapeis fine for the hoi polloi.  "Invisible tape" they call it, the deluded fools.  But you can see its flaws, how it holds an air bubble, how it calls attention to itself with an ugly matte finish that makes anything below it look slightly washed out, faded like a painting left too long in a sunny room.You are a person who notices details.  When you are wrapping a gift -- with wrapping paper that folds just so, without little crinkles -- when you are wrapping a gift you want the smooth lover's touch of satin against your fingers, a shiny surface that light will caress into a soft shine.  It calls attention to itself only when the light walks ups to it, makes a graceful bow, and asks it to dance.You are a person who pays attention to details.  You like that this tape is determined "Photo Safe" according to the rigorous ISO Standard 14523.  You won't be seeing your fingerprints outlined in dirt and grease, trapped like some ancient insect in amber.  Yes, you might be frustrated that the dispenser leaves tiny lines where the tape meets the ledge with the jagged teeth and where it pulls out and away from the tight, perfect coil which 3M has so brilliantly engineered.  But you'll figure out this can be managed with skillful snips from a sharp set of scissors.The details are important to you.  Is it Scotch GiftWrap Tape or Scotch Giftwrap Tape?  The packaging says both.  Perhaps 3M should hire you to proofread the names of their products, you think to yourself, with a congratulatory inner voice.  You wouldn't let a detail like that slip by.I've been using Scotch Gift Wrap Tape for years and there is nothing better. Cheaper tape can be fine for general purpose taping (although I still prefer 3M products), but for gift-wrapping, quality is a must. This tape dispenses evenly and easily, cuts cleanly, applies easily, and is truly nearly invisible once applied. The tape holds well as long as stress is lateral to the tape. When the stress is perpendicular to the tape, it sometimes lifts. This is rarely the case when gift-wrapping. I think it is slightly less tacky than general-purpose tape. Sometimes you can lift it off if you make a mistake, but gift-wrap paper tends to be unforgiving. Because it is nearly invisible when applied, it is often best to cut the seam and leave the tape on the paper if you make a mistake. It is not noticeable. There is not must else to say about tape.This special tape is perfect for holiday wrapping chores. It adheres well, is less likely than many to tangle, and has a nice finish that disappears on the paper once it's been applied. I've too often bought bargain-brand tape for the holidays, and it is just not worth it. The difficulties using those flimsy tape dispensers and lousy cutters, not to mention the tendency to curl up and tangle, make wrapping a chore. Well, this tape doesn't make wrapping a pleasure, but it does make it easy and quick, with a lovely professional appearance.I know, it's tape.  Scotch tape to be precise.  But that is what sets this tape apart from the competition.  Over the years, I've had consistently better results with all forms of Scotch adhesive products.  The difference is so noticeable that I buy Scotch tape products exclusively, regardless of price.  And speaking of price, this is a very good price for a three pack of Scotch tape!Scotch tape:* sticks better* cuts better* tends to bend more naturally* doesn't seem to yellow/discolor as muchThis "gift tape" has a matte finish that hides finger prints and largely disappears on your gifts.  If you're looking for a matte-finish tape, I'd definitely start here.Last year when I ran into a gift wrapping crisis (ran out of tape at night while the kids were in bed and my husband was on a business trip) I called a neighbor and asked if she had tape I could borrow.  She showed up at my door with a three pack of Scotch Gift Wrap tape.  While it wasn't my preferred tape [I like the Magic Scotch tape] it was tape and it allowed me to get the job done.I like this gift wrap tape, but I don't love it.  One gripe I have with this tape is it's tougher than the magic tape.  Because it's sturdier, it's not as easy to rip it off the dispenser.  Numerous times I have gone to cut off a piece of this tape and it has bunched up on me.  I never have that problem with the magic tape.  This tape seems to be more adhesive than the magic tape as well.  Once you put this on the gift wrap you aren't getting it off without damaging the paper unless you're using the fancier foil wraps.  This feature is nice if you're trying to discourage peekers, but it's not so great if you're like me and you forgot what was in a particular unmarked package.I do like how nicely this tape disappears when it's placed on gift wrap.  The satin finish allows it to nicely blend in on the paper and doesn't stand out like the glossy or the invisible tapes (my experience with the invisible tapes is you wind up with a matte spot that stands out on a satin finish).Like Kleenex, Zippers and Google, this is a product that's so good at what it does we pretty much refer to ALL similar items by its name: Scotch tape.Unlike other brands, however, this is a strong tape with a nice, satin finish that disappears against matte wrapping papers.  You don't even have to rub it like crazy with the back of your fingernail to make it invisible, like some inferior brands. If you're using a shiny foil paper you'll want to stick with a tape that has a similar, shiny finish. (Pardon the pun.)I used this tape, which has more of a sheen than regular "invisible" tape, on several different kinds of gift wrap. It definitely blends better with papers with a slight gloss to them since it has a similar texture. On matte-surfaced papers like tissue wrap, craft paper, and "natural" papers, the slight sheen of the tape makes it show up more. For those who like their wrappings to be really fancy, this tape is a nice addition to wrapping supplies. It would also work well on any project with paper that has a slight gloss to it.I have always liked Scotch brand products and this one is no different. I like that you get three rolls of this tape because if you are like me one is never enough when wrapping gifts. I love that the dispenser is easy to use. The tape comes off the roll very easily which is a huge plus in my opinion. I also love that the gift wrap tape is clear when you place in onto the wrapping paper. It makes the gifts a lot more appealing considering that you don't have to look at tape "lines". In my opinion the Scotch Gift Wrap Tape is the best tape for wrapping gifts this holiday season.If you want a tape that is easy to use and looks great on your gifts look no further than Scotch Gift Wrap Tape. I do not think that you will be disappointed.I always buy Scotch brand tape for use in my home (no idea what stuff they buy at the office - ugh), and this Gift Wrap tape is what I purchase by by the box load for all use year!The satin finish melts into giftwrap, and gives an especially nice finish to my packages. 3/4" is a good width for sealing giftwrap edges.  The finish looks good on matte or shiny paper, and holds well.  I usually take the roll out and put it in a weighted tape dispenser, so I can't comment on the roll dispenser it comes with.Scotch is my go-to brand for household and packaging tapes, and this is one of the styles I buy plenty of in the fall for all year use - Christmas, then birthdays, Mother and Father's Days, etc.  Another winner from the folks who do "sticky" right.I know, I know, terrible sense of humor.  This tape, however, works exactly as you'd expect, and even a little better.  It disappears on gift wrap paper that doesn't have a super glossy finish.  Almost every gift wrap that you'll find in stores will have a finish that works well with Scotch Gift Wrap Tape.The convenient three pack has plenty of tape for a pampered child's birthday or for three of Santa's elves to wrap a reindeer load of gifts. (Seriously, 25 yds. of tape is a whole lot of tape)For those of you traveling this holiday season with a small child who must be quiet, I offer one other use for this tape.  Give your little kid a roll of tape and let him/her play with it.  They'll have strips of tape going all over the airplane seat and the tiny amount of space alotted to a passenger.  When the plane lands, and Junior has finished with his tape, just roll it up into a ball and toss it into the closest trash container.  I can't guarantee that this will work for everyone, but it kept my 2 year old quiet in her car seat during a 9 hour flight to Europe.  She played with the tape until she tired of it, then fell asleep as I removed the played-with tape.Scotch brand of tape is an oldie but goody, and its gift wrap tape is no different. The clear tape all but disappears on wrapping paper. It's strong and gets the job done. Highly recommend.Love the gift wrap tape!  One of my favorite activities in the world is wrapping gifts.  I don't know why.  I just love matching bows and ribbons with the paper!  The great part about special gift wrap tape is that it is designed specifically to be invisible against wrapping paper--not only is it transparent, but the ends blend into the paper.  To this end, the Scotch Gift Wrap tape almost always succeeds.  The only time it doesn't, however, is when you have shiny or textured wrapping paper--which I occasionally use.  But you can't win them all.  Oh, and as far as using cheapie off-brands...Well, there's always some items when you should always buy name brand:  aluminum foil, saran wrap, toilet paper, AND duct or adhesive tape.  That's just my honest opinion.It's really great tape.  It disappears onto semi-glossy to glossy gift wrap paper, but it's got a slight sheen that will catch light on school projects.  If you want tape that completely disappears on matte surfaces, go for the magic tape instead of this one.In a way, I feel a bit silly reviewing tape, especially one that have been out for a very long time, which I has used fairly often, though not in a few years until I just got it about a month ago, but it feels odd, but regardless people need to know the truth about this tape!!!In all seriousness, this tape, as are most 3MM products, wonderful.  It works as intended and sticks to the wrapping paper and has a slightly matte finish, but not the same kind of "white" matte finish that the tape Scotch tape in the green package comes in, its almost a clear matte finish, and this is really the point of the tape.  If you use the shiny finish, or a packaging tape, its too shiny and shows up too much on the paper because of its shine, and if you use the normal matte finish to tape the gift wrap, it will be just as obvious because it makes that area a lighter color, but this tape, does about as well as you can expect a tape of its kind to do, it sticks and its not screaming "LOOK AT ME" on the gift wrap because its too shiny or too matte, it has a good balance and thus is a good tape for gift wrapping, I suppose you could use staples or double sided tape (I have done both), but you know, sometimes, just good ol' tape works best.  :DGod Bless ~AmyI used this tape over the holidays for all my gift wrapping, and was very pleased with how it performed.First, it really does disappear on most gift wraps -- only on the shiniest foil wrap was I able to see the tape.  It has a subtle satin finish that just blends easily with ... well .. almost everything.  Second, it holds VERY securely.  If you're used to lesser tapes that let you carefully peel and reposition a flap, you'll soon find that this tape behaves differently.  Make sure you have things just where you want them before you stick down the tape.I would consider this a definite "step up" from my old stand-by, Scotch Magic Tape.  Definitely outperforms it by a long shot.Hmm, how to do a serious in-depth review of tape? Let's start at the beginning.  This three-pack of Scotch GiftWrap (the solid spelling is 3m's) comes in a purple carton that offers its own review: ". . . . features a unique satin finish that disappears on most gift wrap papers. Makes your gifts look great! Easy to dispense and sticks securely."The first thing I noticed is that the purple starter strip on each roll of tape lines up at a different point. I managed to grab one and pull the tape across the inch long gap so I can scrape it across the jagged plastic teeth for severing it. Why do all tape dispensers have this long gap between the roll and the cutting surface? Invariably, the exposed tape picks up dust, lint, dirt, even small insects and then has to be discarded (and the extra size seems a wasteful use of extruded plastic). Plus I tend to leave a fingerprint on the tape no matter how hard I try not to do so. 3M has a chance here to innovate instead of just replicate, but I'll expect a cut from the production savings.Now in my tests, the unique satin finish actually disappears better (if there can be degrees of disappearance) on darker paper but shows up quite clearly on very light paper and on light areas of patterned gift paper. Are most gift wrap papers dark? I'm not sure 3M can substantiate its claim here.On to "Makes your gifts look great!" I have to take issue with the semantics. This tape is not going to be applied to most gifts, so it really does not affect how they look. I know that 3M means the wrapped gift, but honestly, nothing makes a wrapped gift for me look that good. I've never mastered the folding and sizing of the wrapping paper, and it is a running joke in my family that my skills in this area are marginal at best.But this extra-wide tape does make it easier to seal gift wrapping, whether one folds the paper with the precision of an origami expert or needs to span a revealing gap where the ends of the paper do not quite meet.Except for the inevitable fingerprints and occasional insect carcass, this tape is pretty easy to dispense until it detaches from the front of the dispenser, reattaches to the roll along an invisible seam, and triggers a torrent of cursing. It does stick securely as long as adults, not toddlers or cats, tug on the seams.Here is another point that may matter in some situations: this tape shares a quality with Silly Putty: it will lift ink from newsprint and from documents printed on inkjet printers, and sometimes it transfers that ink to other surfaces.When all is said and done it's good to have a few rolls of this tape handy, and I'm sure we will run through a couple of rolls during the flurry of gift giving that occurs throughout November and December--several family members had birthdays and of course there is Christmas (sometimes lamely called "The Holidays" as if these were the only holidays over the course of a year).Scotch tape works just as it should and the 3-pack is a good deal especially for all the wrapping that needs done in the Christmas season. :)Love this tape. It definitely disappears when wrapping two sheets of paper which makes it great for professional looking wrapped packages! I would call this a re-purchase!Scotch gift wrap tape is my new preferred tape for wrapping gifts (have to get started on that early so that it doesn't put me in the poor house). For years I saw this on shelves and scoffed, thanks to the fact that it was more expensive, but after actually using the stuff, I can almost see why it costs more. It is much less noticeable than the invisible (matte and not entirely transparent) and transparent (see-through, but very glossy) tapes that I've used for year. You can still tell it's there, but you have to look a bit harder for it instead of it being a noticeable eyesore (either because of glare from the transparent tape or the obvious washed-out and discolored effect of the invisible). Other than that, it's still basically just tape, but it gets the job done and won't get in the way of your wrapping paper.If there's one complaint, and I only have this one, it's that there really isn't very much of it on a roll. I've bought plenty of tape before during the holiday season, and I don't think I've ever had a roll run out so fast. The single roll of the gift wrap tape apparently has much more on it that the three rolls here do combined. That's some pretty wasteful packaging 3M (how very not "green" of you), so it costs you a star.Scotch Gift Wrap Tape is pretty much everything you want from a gift wrapping tape.  It is transparent on gift wrap yet has a nice solid bond that keeps your gifts tightly bundled, even for someone as terrible at wrapping gifts as I am.One point that few have pointed out is that the gift wrap tape also breaks fairly easily with pressure, which I find to be a good thing.  Half the presents that most people wrap are going to kids anyhow, the easy break tape allows them to get into the present without much struggle.  But of course it is still strong enough to go through your general present jossling.I've tried several ways to hide tape while wrapping packages, to include making those little tape loops, using double-sided tape, and "frosty on the roll, invisible on the job" tape. This tape really does a great job and hardly shows at all. The dispensers aren't really different from others; it's the tape itself that makes it different. It's priced right and is here just in time for the gift-wrapping season.I hope you're not looking for a multi-thousand-word review on this one.  :-)  It's tape, after all.  But this brand has worked well on everything I've thrown at it.  It sticks wrapping paper well, essentially disappearing into the paper once stuck.  But it also sticks stuff to walls well, and in my experience doesn't bring up the paint or leave behind a stick residue when you pull it off.  Good produce that does EXACTLY what it's meant to do!For comparison purposes, I posted a photograph comparing Scotch Gift Wrap Tape, their cellophane tape (shiny) and their Magic Tape.  The photo contains a sample of the three styles of tape applied to three different styles of gift wrap -- red foil, brown packing paper (for those wrapping with a less processed product,) and a patterned (non-foil) gift wrap.Perhaps not surprising, the shiny Scotch tape looks best on the foil but the Gift Wrap tape is a better choice for both the brown packing paper and patterned non-foil gift wrap. The Magic Tape had the most unattractive appearance on all three products.The Gift Wrap tape is very sturdy, so sturdy that sometimes it is reluctant to tear across the serrated edge of the plastic dispenser. Rolls inserted into a weighted dispenser would resolve that issue. That issue aside, I will definitely be buying more of this tape and using it for wrapping on all but foil paper, where I will continue to use the shiny tape.This strong, durable tape will be put to great use during the holiday season! This easy to use, long lasting product will be a staple in our household for years to come!This is easily the best gift wrapping tape I have ever used. It is transparent, of course, but not shiny, like some competing brands I have used. UnlikeScotch Magic(TM) Tape 810-3PK, 3/4-inch x 1296 Inches, 3-Pack(which is also fantastic), this tape doesn't look cloudy on top of wrapping paper; it really is just hard to see. The adhesive is strong enough to hold gift wrap together, but is also forgiving enough to allow you to peel it off and readjust if need to. All in all, this is a great product.Scotch Gift Wrap Tape is the one and only tape to use on gift wrapping.  The tape is smooth, disappears almost completely and keeps hold very well.  At some angles, of course, the light will reflect and make the tape visible, but generally speaking this is the preferred tape.  The smoothness of the tape cuts down on glare and reflections.  It's certainly great for other applications as well, but cannot be beaten for sealing up your next gift.It's been a few decades since Scotch delighted us with Magic Tape, replacing the shiny, brittle Scotch tape of the 1970s with a matte, nearly invisible tape that didn't mar a nicely wrapped gift. Now, there is a specialized GiftWrap tape, which "features a unique satin finish that disappears on most gift wrap papers", according to Scotch. GiftWrap tape is a little stronger than Magic Tape and harder to tear. Its finish doesn't have the dulling effect of the very-matte Magic Tape, but it is more reflective, which can be an issue in oblique light.I compared GiftWrap tape to Magic Tape on 6 different wrapping papers in a variety of lighting conditions. The papers were: gold metallic, silver patterned metallic, red, a bright print, a pastel print, and plain white paper. Magic Tape has always looked bad on metallics due to its matte texture that contrasts with the shiny paper. GiftWrap tape does much better. It can be noticeable in oblique light, but it is still a lot better than the Magic Tape on metallic papers. I observed much the same result on dark-colored papers.Light colors and prints produced varied results, however. The lighter the color, the greater the edge to the matte Magic Tape. The more reflective surface of the GiftWrap tape makes it more noticeable, especially if the light strikes your package from the side. On white paper, the Magic Tape is consistently less conspicuous than the GiftWrap tape. On the pastel print, Magic Tape is generally preferable. The brighter or darker the paper, the greater advantage to the more transparent GiftWrap tape over the dulling matte finish of Magic Tape.So there you have it. If you use a lot of metallic papers, get some GiftWrap tape. You'll love the result. It also looks better on red paper, bright or dark prints, and probably -though I didn't try it- on bright blue paper such as one might like for Hanukkah. If you use a lot of pastels or light prints, or your tastes in gift wrap are eclectic, you may not want to abandon your Magic Tape just yet. Keep both GiftWrap Tape and Magic Tape on hand. The GiftWrap tape is available in packages of 3 rolls, 300 inches each. The tape is 3/4 inch wide, same as the Magic Tape.Works great for gift wrapping.  I buy a 3 pack every year to wrap Christmas and birthday presents.  Will buy again and would recommend to a friend!Tis the season to wrap presents so I put this tape to good use.  On first glance, you think this is going to be shiny like the cheap stuff.  It's a little tougher than the the gift wrap tape of yesteryear so you think this is going to be just like the cheap stuff.  It's not.  The gift wrap tape I used in the past was easy to tear and flimsy.  I stuck some in the wrong spot and was able to easily lift if off the paper without tearing the paper.  It's a little harder to tear off the dispenser and I would have liked a sharper edge, but I didn't get any wadded tape to throw away.  Best of all, when the package was wrapped, the tape really disappeared.  I didn't rub it down with my thumbnail or anything.  Just poof, can't see the tape.  Even nicer, because it came in a three pack, two of us could be wrapping at the same time and not fight over the tape.We used this tape when wrapping Christmas gifts this year and I was really impressed with it.  On the foil wraps it showed a little, but any type of type shows up well on foil wrap.  On regular decorated wrap it blended so well you could hardly see it.  Would definitely buy it again.Scotch "Magic" tape has long been a staple in our kitchen "junk drawer" and we're addicted to it for wrapping gifts, sticking up notes, etc. This new gift wrap version seems to hold even better than our old standby and pretty much disappears on any matte finish gift wrap. However, it will definitely show up if you're using foil paper or any other paper that's shiny.This tape does exactly what it's supposed to do! It's virtually invisible on wrapping paper and holds everything in place.Now, I have used this Scotch tape before but I don't know if they have changed it or what - This tape is STICKY! Almost too sticky, if possible. I have started wrapping Christmas presents already and while doing so with this tape, there were several times where the tape would kind of get wrapped around my fingertip/fingernail or otherwise stuck to my fingernail and it was kind of a challenge to get it off. It posed a little difficulty in wrapping, but on the other hand, it is a good quality to have in a tape obviously. It blends in pretty well with the wrapping paper, but isn't as transparent as others I have used. All in all I do give it 5 stars because it is heavy tape..a little thicker than I remebered from previous use and of course it is very sticky which means it will hold whatever you need to stick together or tape down. I actually used a whole roll of this on packaging up small boxes for shipping as well as bubble mailers. Good stuff!I have always HATED "invisible" tape -- I find that it tears apart too easily when you're trying to get it off the roll.  But transparent tape doesn't always look good on wrapping paper...This is the first time that I've tried "gift wrap tape," and I LOVE it!  Looks great, but without the annoying tearing issues of invisible tape.  It is now a staple in my wrapping paper drawer!The only thing I'd change is...put more on each roll!  :-)It works just like all other tape products from Scotch.....wonderfully. It's tape. What'd you expect?!?This tape is a bit more transparent and smooth looking than the regular Scotch transparent tape.  Just as useful in my estimation.One thing you can be sure of when purchasing a Scotch/3M brand item:  They know adhesives.  This tape is great.I just used this tape to repair a pair of "toddler-handled" pop-up books, and the tape seems very sturdy, directly comparable toScotch Magic(TM) Tape 3105, 3/4-inch x 300 Inches, 3-Packbut with a clearer finish.I was wondering what the "Satin Finish" would be like, and I think I'm going to like it.  A lot.  Allow me to try to explain why the "Satin Finish is so neat.  It's not altogether clear when on the roll, but when you stick it to paper, it almost completely disappears.  Why is this a good thing?  It has the substance and feel ofScotch Magic(TM) Tape 3105, 3/4-inch x 300 Inches, 3-Pack(the opaque stuff with the green label), which I've always found superior to other more typical gift wrap tapes that are crystal clear, from a manageability standpoint.  (The crystal clear tapes always seem fussy and flimsy.)  When applied, the "Satin Finish" gives you a nearly (but not quite) crystal clear finish.  It's the best of both worlds.Additional details:  This tape comes off the roll easily, is not excessively sticky on the fingers (again, making for easy application to paper), and cuts consistently on the dispenser's built-in "teeth".All in all, Scotch/3M products belong to trustworthy brands that consistently produce excellent product.  This gift wrap tape keeps the streak alive.Well, you may have to rub the tape a bit with your fingernail, but it DOES pretty much disappear on the wrapping paper I've used it on.  Whether or not you do, the tape is too sticky to peel off without taking off the surface of the paper too, so there you have it!The first time I purchased Scotch Gift Wrap Tape was three years ago at Christmastime.  I saw it in the drugstore, thought it looked interesting, and decided to treat myself to something new/different.  I immediately became a big fan of it: it blended perfectly with my wrapping paper, virtually disappearing.  I was impressed with how nice it looked.  And, like regular Scotch tape, it was very strong and very easy to work with.Nowadays, this is the only Scotch tape I buy.  It's perfect for everything: home, office, crafts, and of course gift wrapping.  The price is the same as the other types of Scotch type.  It works just as well, if not better.  And it's made in the U.S.A.  What more could you ask for?This is one of those simple, elegant, no-frills products that gets the job done, and done right, every time.  Give it a try, you'll love it."Invisible" is pretty typical of tape marketing, and I think consumers have come to expect some degree of transparency from tape, but we're still far from the disappearing act suggested by Scotch and other tape brands.  That being said, this tape comes as close as I think we can reasonably expect.  It's specifically intended for gift wrap, and the "satin" finish matches very closely to the finish on most of my wrapping papers, making it much less jarring and obvious when the present is all taped up and ready to go.  As most Scotch brand tapes are, this tape is very sturdy and doesn't tear vertically like some of the cheaper tapes.  It feels thick and it's very satisfying to use.The only thing I don't really like about the tape is the dispenser.  It's a standard size, but it feels too small for the thickness of the tape and it was very easy to accidentally pop the tape roll out of the roller.  It was also easy to get back in, but I'm not going to refill this dispenser so I'd prefer if the roll stayed put.All in all a good, dependable product and a welcome addition to the present-wrapping box.I have to wrap a ton of gifts throughout the year and I love this gift wrap tape - it is thicker and attaches more smoothly than regular tape.  I bought this on sale and feel happy to be able to use it once in a while.  Highly recommended!This is the tape I use for all my giftwrapping.  It has a matte sheen to it, which means it blends in very well against wrapping paper.  "Traditional" scotch tape has a shine to it, and I've always thought that was just a little unattractive.  When you hand a present to someone, particularly one you've taken time to wrap with nice paper, bow, etc...do you really want the light catching your tape and drawing all attention to that.  This gift wrap tape avoids that problem.Also, over the years, I've tried various "generic" tape...and it all has been uniformly bad.  This is one area where I no longer skimp.  At Christmas time, I want tape that looks good, is easy to tear off the roll (why is Scotch the only company that makes dispensers that actually tear off the tape on the little teeth in front of the dispenser, rather than grabbing and pulling and mangling it?), and if I loose the end and it reattaches to the roll, it is very easy to get it started again.Tape is a little thing...but if you wrap a lot of presents, as I do during the holidays...it is indispensible.  A modest product, but one that delivers near perfection for the task you need it to do.(PS:  In my opinion, because it costs a little more than conventional scotch tape, it is not really best for business purposes.  I really only use this for wrapping, and I save the shiny stuff for more everyday, mundane uses.)What can one write about tape?  On the surface tape has one quality that we care about the most -- does it stick?  You can then elaborate on that by asking a series of other questions such as how hard is it to remove?  Does it leave any marks on the surface?  Is it clear or does it show?  What material will it stick to?  Etc, etc.For the purposes of this tape the question is -- does it wrap gifts up, keep them wrapped and not show or at least is barely visible?  After all, who wants to give someone a gift that looks like its being held together with duct tape?The good news is for both questions the answer turns out to be YES!  Yes, it does keep the wrapping paper where it belongs -- on the gift.  Yes, it doesn't show -- or at least it fades into the background on most packaging paper.What can I say?  I'm stuck on this product, and that is a good thing.This tape really does look nicer for wrapping gifts. I used wrapping paper that has a black background with regular scotch tape. When the gift wrap tape arrived, I compared it by adding a piece next to the regular tape. The gift tape is nearly invisible, whereas the other is cloudier and more apparent. I asked the other members of the household and everyone agrees the gift tape looks so much better.First off-- for gift wrapping and taping things where you want the tape to disappear, this is the right product for you.  On that, 5 stars.  On the amount of tape the comes on the rolls each-- a 3 star.  It's a better deal and more than the standard "green" Scotch tape 3 pack, and the price is lower, but still, you'll be shocked at how little tape is on these rolls. If you need multiple dispensers and don't use it much, this is a decent purchase.  If you don't need tape at multiple locations, I wouldn't choose this over a single roll with much more on a single roll, less packaging, etc.Always need extra tape around the holidays.  Picked this up when ordering some other stuff.  You know what you are getting.This tape is invisible on gift wrap paper.  Exactly what I was looking for and glad that Scotch developed this product.I was happy to review  Scotch Gift Wrap Tape considering the time of year.  Yes, I already have Christmas presents that needed wrapping, so I was set to go.  The tape was easily dispensed; I had no trouble getting whatever size I needed. It went on easily and did not leave that 'tape look' on the wrapping paper. It definitely disappeared nicely.  There was not a lot of tape on each roll so you may want to save this tape for special presents. It might not be appreciated used on a child's present since they rarely take the time to notice the beauty of the wrap. However, for a present that you want to wrap special, this is the tape to use. The product did what it said it would, and really that is what is important.The black-hearted cynic in me sees this product as just another colorfully packaged, snob-object thing to tell your friends you just can't live without, just in time for Holiday Season 2010.In the hurtling market rush to develop and market the ultimate in niche product to the discerning, socially driven consumer, for the consumer who wants to out-discern everyone else, we get Giftwrap Tape.  I mean, seriously, how many people at 3M are employed in the development, production and marketing of this product?  Can't there really be something a bit more important, somewhat more big-picture to do with the massive R&D; horsepower at 3M than come up with another kind of tape that "disappears" better on gift wrap?  Do hungry Malians care about whether gift wrap disappears?  Is anyone even giving them gifts?No matter.  I ran a simple test, on three separate pieces of gift wrap: a shiny, pseudo-tinfoil one, a standard printed paper one; and one with that horrible printed velveteen textured surface.  I used this Giftwrap Tape, regularScotch Magic Tape, and that really low-budge cellophane stuff they hand out at the corporate supply desk.For the record, none of these tapes are any good on that velveteen stuff.  It may look and feel cool, but if you really want to secure the edges of your lovingly crafted, origami-influenced dovetailed masterpiece of textured gift wrapping, you'll need to get out the threadedstrapping tape.  Or someGorilla Glue.Looking at the samples straight-on (more or less perpendicular aspect angle), the cheapo tape reflects brightly, obvious to see, across all paper types.  The magic tape blends very nicely, just about invisible (on the printed paper and foil).  Interestingly enough, our Giftwrap Tape is distinctly visible in its entirety, a slightly darker rectangular outline of the tape easy to see.At an oblique aspect angle (and giving a bit of a twist to the test papers for some reflection), the low-budge tape shines brightly, almost kaleidoscopic, which could be just the kind of wow-factor you want in your gifts--you decide.  The traditional magic tape offers its well worn dull sheen, clear to see.  This is where the Giftwrap Tape comes through, blending extremely well with the textures of the papers for a very low reflection/sheen.  But then again, how many folks hold up their prezzies at strange angles to see how the light plays off the tape holding it all together?The last test was the fold.  The cheapo cellophane tape does not take a fold well, the fold rounding and rebounding somewhat.  To my non-clinical eye, both the magic tape and the Giftwrap Tape took the fold well, with the paper's sharp crease replicated in the fold.Maybe it's my delicate sensibilities, but it seems that this tape is just a bit more difficult to tear from the dispenser than the magic tape is.  You've got the standard Scotch tape finger-through-the-hole dispenser for both, with those delicate little plastic teeth, but it strikes me that the decades of secret research involved in bringing forth this new form of tape tech has resulted in the colossal disappointment of a few more ergs required to actually tear the tape from its roll.The package says this tape is "photo safe."  We're even informed in tiny, tiny print that the photo safe status was determined in accordance with ISO Standard 14523.  (deapan) Wow, neato.  What in the name of boxes, bells and bows does this technical yap mean for giftwrap tape?  Does it reduce red eye?  Does this mean I can safely run taped packages through airport x-ray (before the TSA rips them open anyway)?  Does this mean my appropriately wrapped gifts don't burst into flame when someone takes a photo of them?Does this tape do the job?  Well, of course it does.Bottom line: If you like purple, then bruddah, this tape and its packaging are for you.  If you are into wrapping on a Zen level and like to tell deeply meaningful tales of gift-wrapping adventure, this product is your undiscovered country.  And if you're a raging snob who has to be personally accessorized for every ridiculously narrowly defined task, then this also is some seriously wonderful stuff.  But if you're bright enough to know that the goodies you're wrapping on Christmas Eve are not going to be appraised for their wrapping paper, for your painstakingly formed corners and perfectly trimmed paper edges, or for the tape placement or its oblique reflectivity quotient; within hours they're going to be ripped open like a Republican through an old-growth forest.  So maybe all you need is something sticky that will hold it together, and this tape is really just as good as any other tape out there.This is a continuous roll of very thin plastic, and one side of it is tacky (sticky).  The roll is housed in a hard plastic container, which has a serrated cutting device at one end.  What you do is pull on the strip of thin plastic, and when a sufficient amount has been exposed, you sever the plastic strip from the rest of the roll by using the aforementioned serrated cutting device.  I know it sounds confusing, but once you do it 3 or 4 times, you'll get the hang of it.  Truly remarkable new invention.The Scotch Gift Wrap Tape lives up to its claim of being super sticky and transparent, and is a great option to use as a tape for wrapping gifts. The tape has the standard Scotch easy start tab at the beginning of the roll, so it is easy to get the tape started. And the tape blends beautifully with the gift wrap or any type of paper you are taping. It is very hard to see the tape on the paper--a great feature if you don't want regular translucent tape on showing on your package. And the tape is super sticky. In fact, once the tape is on the wrap, do not try to reposition it--it will tear the wrap--so make sure you have it where you want it when you put it in place. A great tape for any type of sealing, but especially good on gift wrap, school projects, or any other projects where you do not want to see tape seams. Oh, and it is made in the USA for anyone looking for domestically made products. Highly recommended!The tape has a nice satin finish so looks great on packages and blends in nicely.  It dispenses easily and is convenient to apply.  The extra width helps hold package ends that sometimes need more tape to keep it in place.  When on a package, the tape is practically invisible and looks better than glossy clear tape.Once I tried this brand tape I have never bought anything but this kind since! I love how it goes on with a silky completely non-glare finish. The tape is strong and It doesn't seem to curl up on itself as much as other kinds do. It holds extremely well and in my opinion looks so much nicer than the shiney tape does. I really think if you try it you'll be hooked-or rather, stuck on it!It's hard to get excited by tape. As long as it unrolls, tears well and sticks, it's as good as it needs to be. I liked the finish, which isn't annoyingly shiny and doens't call attention to itself. Recommended.I've tried saving money and buying off-brand or store-brand wrapping tape.  If you've ever been frustrated with tape that doesn't tear properly, or that dispenses erratically, you know what I mean.  The price of this Scotch wrapping tape isn't much more than the bargain brands, so why buy something inferior that will perform poorly and look unprofessional?  This is the tape to buy for the holidays.  Cuts smoothly, nearly invisible, and makes presents look good.  Can't find any reason not to give this product the five stars it deserves.Its holds wrapping paper in place extremely well.  It is very transparent, but no shiny.  Once one tapes a seam or something else, the tape can be carefully lifted and repositioned without difficulty.  Wrapping presents? Crafting? This is your tape.  Those folks at Scotch know their tape.The title pretty much sums it up. It's Scotch brand, the best. I have used this before and it works great. The old-fashioned tape dispensers work the best. I bought a Scotch mini roller type you hold with your hand and it has some problems...mostly meant for flat surfaces and the cutter doesn't work well after awhile, so back to the old-fashioned for me!The Scotch Gift Wrap Tape lives up to its claim of being super sticky and transparent, and is a great option to use as a tape for wrapping gifts.  The tape has the standard Scotch easy start tab at the beginning of the roll, so it is easy to get the tape started.  And the tape blends beautifully with the gift wrap or any type of paper you are taping.  It is very hard to see the tape on the paper--a great feature if you don't want regular translucent tape on showing on your package.  And the tape is super sticky.  In fact, once the tape is on the wrap, do not try to reposition it--it will tear the wrap--so make sure you have it where you want it when you put it in place.  A great tape for any type of sealing, but especially good on gift wrap, school projects, or any other projects where you do not want to see tape seams.  Oh, and it is made in the USA for anyone looking for domestically made products.  Highly recommended!I did not look at the length too closely, but it's not as long as the one I bought in the store.  That having been said, it's great tape and I would buy again!Not much to be said, other than it's nice good tape...  The flat finish is unobtrusive on wrapping papers, and the 3/4 inch width is generous enough to cover misalignments when wrestling with paper edges.  I do not, however, see much difference between this Scotch tape, and the traditional Scotch "magic" tape in the green package.It is difficult for me to get too excited about gift wrapping tape--probably because my wife does all the gift wrapping (unlike me, she is really good at it), and also because when I get a wrapped gift the last thing I look at it is to see what kind of tape was used. However, if you are looking for unobtrusive tape that is easy to use, then this product does work. Not much more to really say about it.What can I say? Excellent tape, almost invisible.  Dispenser works well.  Nothing new, no surprises.There might be some who would claim that any old tape will do.  However, when it comes to wrapping, it's worth the extra few cents and time to make sure you have Scotch Gift Wrap Tape.When you care enough to purchase a gift, find a box, the perfect wrap and bow, you do not want a little thing distracting from your hard work and thoughtfulness.  It could be easy to overlook, but traditional Scotch Tape for office use, when used on gift wrap, stands out and not in a good way.Gift Wrap tape from Scotch is different.  When applied and pushed down firmly, the tape blends into the wrap dramatically better.  It's truly a night and day difference.  Some might argue one can press the professional wrapping look even more by using double stick tape, to completely hide any sign of tape.  However, this is not always particle, nor easy, and even more difficult to find available.Scotch is great with the packaging too.  The tape cuts easy with the built in dispenser, unlike some of the bargain basement generic brands, which simply stretch as you try to cut a piece of the tape.Overall, Scotch offers that little something extra you need when wrapping gifts, Scotch Gift Wrap Tape.  Indeed, I simply make it my primary office tape, so that I always have it on hand.  After all, it works great for your generic office needs too.  A quality product.My standards weren't too high on this order. I wanted a role of tape, sticky on one side, smooth on the other. It is delightfully transparent. Apparently, it's ideal for gift wrapping, but inasmuch as wrapping paper and I are sworn enemies, I doubt the quality of my tape will be the first thought in my family's heads. If you like tape, you'll find this entirely sufficient!Scotch gift wrapping tape is wonderful. It's 3/4 of an inch wide, and goes on clear so you really can barely see it on the wrapping paper. Three rolls of tape goes a long ways. We used it for a recent birthday present and it looked great. Now I am on with the gift wrapping for the holidays. Thanks for the free samples. I love this tape!Scotch tape is one of my brand preference items.  The tape adheres well, is virtually invisible and is easy to use.  Great tape for most any paper related job.This tape is somewhat mediocre.Pros:*Good amount of stickiness on regular paper*Photo safe (have not tested that myself, but they claim it is)*Made in the USACons:*Isn't as &#34;invisible&#34; as they claim (not a huge deal for me, but worth mentioning)*Hard to tear, so by the end of a day of wrapping gifts, my thumb has little serrated cuts from the &#34;blade&#34;*Not much tape on each roll, so seems wasteful to have it split on 3... not sure why they don't put it all on 1 roll*Does not stick to shiny or glittery wrapping paper (neither does normal tape, but you would expect gift wrap tape to be a bit more versatile, especially since most gift wrap these days is fancy)*Wish the tape was wider so it would be easier to use along seams when wrappingWhen it comes to tape, there's nothing else like the Scotch-brand. Unlike other less-familiar brands, Scotch is dependable. This 3-pack of GiftWrap tape provides what Scotch-brand users have come to depend upon - a dispenser that dispenses a tape with a satin finish that will virtually disappear when you use it on most gift wrap. It dispenses easily, tears off without a hitch, and sticks securely, no questions asked. You don't have to worry about whether it's going to stick or not. This 3/4 inch 3-roll pack is perfect to have on-hand for Christmas.This tape does exactly what it claims to do... your presents will look impressive... with no signs of the tape. I would definitely buy this again.Yes, this tape does look great when wrapping presents. Yes, it disappears on gift wrapped surfaces. But that's not all. I use it for my "everyday" tape as well - great for small repairs when you need the tape to not leave a strange matte spot on the surface like "regular" tape. Did your kids rip yet ANOTHER page in their storybook? Scotch BiftWrap tape. Did you forget to put something in that pretty mailing envelope? Carefully unseal it, and then...Scotch GiftWrap tape. Crafts, scrapbooking, kids' projects? Scotch GiftWrap tape. I only wish that more tape came on the rolls.Tape is a modern convenience we take for granted. When wrapping gifts, though, there's nothing more frustrating than not having decent tape on-hand. This tape works well for wrapping gifts -- it's primary purpose. It also can be used for other things, as well.The tape out-of-the-package has a good tab-leader to get you started. The holder is entirely plastic, including the blade, so it'll be difficult to injure yourself cutting the tape. The cutter cuts cleanly-enough for wrapping gifts. The edges of the tape will have a "tooth" pattern, but they apply smoothly to paper and aren't noticeable at all.This is the "satin finish" tape that disappears almost entirely when applied. If you gently apply it to paper or giftwrap, it will have a slightly-opaque appearance. If, however, you rub against it with your finger or fingernail and apply significant pressure, it will virtually disappear against the paper. This makes gift-wrapping and other projects very neat in appearance.The tape removes somewhat easily, depending on the paper surface. It will remove from glossy surfaces without lifting the ink, but when it comes to gift-wrap, it will remove the top layer of most papers. If you press firmly, it's even more difficult to remove.The roll of tape is 300 inches in length -- that's 25 feet. That might seem like a lot, but most people will need more for extensive holiday wrapping. Keep the length in mind.Recommended for gift-wrapping and general purpose projects.I dislike wrapping Christmas gifts.  I am horrible at it and if the present doesn't come out with a big ball of paper around it, then it is a major triumph of my soul.  This tape is thick enough to help me calm my wrapping paper beast.  And it holds down velvet ribbon when I don't have enough of it to go all the way around the box and have to tape it piecemeal around the bottom.  It's invisible and matte, so it makes my oddball wrapping look put together.  A wonderful thing.  Five stars.For gift wrapping & other instances where you'd like tape to not be so visible, this stuff is great!  I've actually used it on wooden picture frames & wooden press board furniture that had dents in it to just help maintain integrity.  There's probably a better fix, but it works for me.  Scotch knows how to make tape & this tape is no exception.This tape has a nice finish on it. It feels nice to the touch. I wouldn't keep it around for fixing things, as it isn't the strongest adhesive, but it is nicer than less expensive tapes when you use it on gifts. In other words, it's perfectly suitable for its intended purpose.The Scotch company has become so well associated with cellophane tape that it's hard not to use the term "Scotch tape" to refer to cellophane tape in general. This gift wrap tape is similar to their standard satin finished tape and is designed to blend into the wrapping paper. It does so quite well and looks good on a variety of surfaces. It will not disappear completely on all surfaces, and on some surfaces it can show tiny pore marks depending on the quality of the paper, but if you smooth things down enough, it should not be a problem. In any event, it works as well or better than other tapes on the market.A problem I have with gift wrap tape is that I will inevitably get a piece of tape with a wrinkle in it because I positioned it wrong. An ideal tape would be re-positionable, and Scotch never makes that claim for this product. Nevertheless, I was able to reposition it when used on glossy finished printed boxes as well as on higher quality wrapping paper. I was pleasantly surprised, but it still took the ink off an envelope and left it with a rough surface when I tried to pull it off carefully.Although it is not the pinnacle of what I would wish for in a gift wrap tape, it's the best choice on the market for the purpose. If you already have an ample supply of Scotch satin finish general purpose tape, I see no reason for you to get this product instead. If you do get this product, there will be no problem using it as a general purpose tape if you don't want to save it for future wrapping needs. The rolls of tape do not contain an incredible amount, and the tape could have fit in two cases or one larger case instead of three. Yet it may still be an ample supply for a holiday season depending on your needs.If you don't already have an ample supply of Scotch satin tape, this product is a good choice. But there is not enough of an advantage that you should rule out the other Scotch tape if you get a good price. But don't skimp on an off brand shiny tape.  Considering the few inches you use per package, it's worth the money to get the right tape for the job.It's tape.  I bought it to wrap Xmas presents.  It sufficiently adheres to things.  Not much else to say here!The scotch gift wrap tape works very well. It sticks to the wrapping paper nicely and it's super easy to get off the roll. It rips cleanly and easily. It has the easy start tab on it which makes getting the roll started a bit easier than some rolls of tape. I really don't know what else to say about it....it's tape, it sticks and does what it is supposed to do.3M is a company that makes high quality products; although, rarely a cutting edge innovator.  A lot of its products are incremental improvements on its other products.This is one of those.  3M already has a tape that is see-through when it goes on.  This product might be marginally less opaque, but only marginally.3M's genius is in its marketing of its products.  So, while this is perhaps incrementally less visible once applied than other nearly invisible 3M cellophane tapes, its advertising blurb causes one to apply this new nearly invisible tape at the height of anticipation.  One really expects the stuff to virtually disappear once applied.  Alas, no such thing:  The stuff is still plainly right there if not, perhaps, as plain as day.So, while this product may be marginally less visible than its other nearly invisible tapes I don't think it is anything to shout about.Still, another excellent product from 3M.I ordered i think 4 70-sheet notebook spirals, and 2 100-sheet sprials from this company that sent me the wrong items from SAM'S club?? But I didnt return the 2 1oo-sheet spirals along with the 4 120-sheet spirls? because 1. I didnt feel like waiting for them any longer when I needed them for school 2. So that i wouldn't spend any more money on more page spirals at walmart or office depot so it's okay that my order got wrong. I had already ordered 70 sheet spirals of Mead from another company just in case it happened... They are nice notebooks though. Paper quality is a bit thicker than your average thin ..smearable paper if you write with pencil alot (which I don't unless its a math or number involved class)I like them.My daughter goes through about 15-20 of these notebooks a year in High School. The last time we went to a B&M store to purchase them they were out of the College Ruled ones and only had Wide Ruled, which isn't accepted in her school. I was very happy and surprised to see that Amazon had them for less than $1, so I picked up the limit of three. They are now on the list of items I will order regularly, easy enough to add to any order I'm placing to avoid shipping them on their own and causing more wasted packaging.For me, I prefer the college ruled notebooks and paper because it just plain holds more info and the notebook last longer. This Mead is top notch quality that I use in different colors and write with different pens and pencils. The paper is of excellent quality so that whatever pen or pencil I choose, the page is highly readable with no smears.This notebook is suitable for any age from young students to senior adults. And I have found these notebooks I keep records in and love to use them next to my computer when I take notes from my computer research.This is a must have spiral notebook as in my opinion, Mead is the BEST ONE!Okay, there are some pretty basic reasons I use these particular notebooks.  First and most importantly, they are cheap!  I go through dozens upon dozens of these things a year, to the extent that cost does matter.  I use them for everything...more about that later.  Secondly, they are college ruled.  I have a real hang up about that and have almost a phobia about using the wider ruled note books.  Thirdly, the quality of the paper is what I want...it holds ink pretty well, are better than some about ink bleeding through, but most importantly, it holds simple old graphite from my pencils.  The white color of the pages makes my feeble attempts at penmanship readable and does not stress my eyes in the bright sun light.  For me, these notebooks are simply work horses.Now if I were setting on the Board of Directors of a Fortune 500 company, I probably would not use these things during meetings (well, actually I would, cause I am me, but most people would not), but as I do not hold such a dubiously exalted position, and it is a pretty good bet that I never will, I need not worry about appearances in that particular setting.I do use these things for everything else though.  As I read, I take notes.  I am a list maker and manically and obsessively create list of just about anything you can imagine.  I have lists dating back for well over 60 years, many of which I have no clue as to what I was listing or why, but never-the-less, I have my precious lists.  These books are ideal for making shopping lists, chore lists, things to do lists and more.  Having different colors is a big advantage when you are a multiple list maker like me as it helps to organize things a bit.  I also use these to "write things down" as I have problems with my memory at times.  I wish I could say that this was because I am getting a bit long in the tooth, but that would be a lie.  I have been forgetting things since I was a wee lad and learned a long time ago that it is best to write things down. I have boxes and trunks filled with old notebooks of things I was an am suppose to remember...never look at most of them of course, but they are there if I need them! I am also an obsessive drawer and these are ideal for making rough sketches and strange designs.I like these thinner 70 page models over the thicker three or more subject ones as I tend to lose many of these notebooks and it is nicer to lose a few pages versus many pages.I must have hundreds of these things filled from cover to cover from my school days.  My children will no doubt have a wonderful burning one of these days.Are these books a pure class act?  Hardly, but they are cheap, serviceable, easy to find and extremely functional.  It has been years since I felt the need to impress anyone with my writing materials (actually, that is a lie also, due to the fact that to the best of my knowledge, I have never felt this need to impress anyone as to the aspect of my life), and I seriously doubt if I will change my way as I have gotten worse about such things over the years.This is a very good buy here on Amazon and it is good to throw a few of these things with your order so you can hit the no shipping fee zone.I highly recommend this serviceable product.Don BlankenshipThe OzarksThis purchase is such a no brainer.  Note that Amazon only lets you buy one with each order, but it can help you make the $25 free shipping threshold.  At present, these are going for 48 cents versus the 51 cents I paid.  You cannot purchase these in the grocery store for that price, which is where I usually get them.  I go through these notebooks regularly, using them for shopping lists and planning events.  Okay, I'm getting to the point that at times I have to write things down because I can't remember them otherwise.  You say, why not post its?  Yes, I use those too, but occasionally the project is much more than a post it can handle.  For instance, when I go away for one or two weeks, there are a number of things I have to remember to do during the seven days before I leave.  So, I dedicate a page for each day and write down the things that have to be done.  Similarly, Thanksgiving is coming up.  For the two weeks prior, I have a ton of things that need to be done before T Day, and then each day I check off the things as they are completed.  Never mind Christmas.  You get the idea.  I don't care about whether there is a particular quality to the paper or whether the perforation is perfect.  The pages are torn out as tasks are completed.  And yes, I have even given them to my grandkids for their school projects, with no complaints.Our main laser printer uses these cartridges and they never get the claimed 6500 pages, but that is not an issue, that is expected !  The issue is that the printer still says the cartridge is good when it is depositing a grey background on everything you print !I bought my HL-1870N printer which came with one of these TN-560 cartridges, and I got 6200 pages out of it according to the network administration function. It tooks several years. I had bought a spare toner cartridge in anticipation with the printer, and it sat on a shelf for years. I fully expect it to last another couple of years.I have owned the Brother HL-1240 Laser Printer about a year now. I have no quarrels with the printer itself, but the cartridges are a real pain.The first four cartridges I used the 3000-copy cartridge. They ran out really quickly, so I shifted to the TN-560 6000-copy cartridge.Here is the amount of copies I got on the four 3000-copy cartridges: 2000, 2500, 2500, 1900.This is the performance I've gotten on the first two TN-560 600-copy cartridges I've used: 4600 and ****2500***!!! For the latter, a black line appeared on the right side of the page after 2500 copies, making the cartridge useless, even though it still had ink.Tip for getting more copies from these Brother toner cartridges: you can often get an additional 300-500 copies after the red light on the printer starts blinking, indicating you need to change the toner. But it is very irritating having that light blink all the time.I am trying to figure out who I should complain to about these very poor product.... every single toner cartridge I've bought from them so far vastly under-performs--up to 40%--on the number of copies promised by Brother.A technician at a Tucson Brother authorized repair shop volunteered that &#34;Brother Overengineers Their Printers&#34; in response to my comments about my long term satisfaction with my Brother laser printer that I had brought in for some rare service.  I've been totally satisfied with my old reliable Brother printer and I've never tried to save a few shekels by using toner or related products that weren't Brother products.  Why should I risk disappointment when Brother has never let me down.The Brother laser printer has served me well since 1991. When print quality indicates, I buy a new toner cartridge and receive the effect of a new printer. Installation is as easy as adding paper, and the genuine Brother cartridge fits and functions perfectly.Same Scotch tape I used as a little kid for various school projects and assignments. Quality is standard and has remained the same all the through the years. I added this to the order in order to qualify for the Super Saver Shipping. Nowadays I don't use this tape that much except for minor tasks. But I have some on hand just in case.i AM LAZY AND IT WAS CHEAPER ONLINE SO I TOTALLY THINK IT IS A GOOD IDEA TO BUY TAPE HERE.This Matte Finish "Magic" Tape is so much better than the generic types for most uses. It goes on totally clear on most paper, it is very strong, and the matte finish doesn't easily reflect light so it doesn't draw attention to itself.The brand name "Scotch" has become a "proprietary eponym" for this type of clear tape, along the same lines as Band-Aid, Kleenex, and Saran wrap for their respective products. This generally happens only when a product is the best of its kind and has become the de-facto standard. This is certainly the case for Scotch Tape.It may cost a little more, but it generally worth it. Highly Recommended!This has been my favorite tape for years...which is why we probably call &#34;tape&#34;, &#34;scotch tape&#34;!It simply is better then the others in my opinion. It feels better, it doesn't yellow, it is very easy to wrap presents with, it is almost invisible, you can write on it, and probably thousands of other things.Does it cost a few cents more? Maybe, but it is the quality you are paying for. :)Plus, I am use use to saying &#34;can You tell me where the scotch tape is please&#34;?This tape comes in handy when Christmas Day is only a few weeks away. It does the job in keeping gift wrapping intact, or even placing notes on the wall. It is not difficult to remove the tape from the dispenser, so it is easy to use. The tape is not one-hundred percent see through, since the matte finish makes it looks glossy. The stickiness of the tape is excellent, which makes the product a reliable one in most circumstances, such as a school project.Scotch Magic Tape is the only kind of tape I buy. I have used cheaper tapes. They pale in comparison. Magic tape is virtually invisible when applied. It is sturdy yet able to be sliced with a fingernail when you need to adjust the length of the tape on the fly. Cheap tapes just twist and crumple. No frustration with Magic tape. Did I mention that it is the only kind of tape I buy?!What can I say?  It's Scotch tape... and just what you expect from Scotch tape.  Good quality, good price, glad I bought it!What can I say - it's Scotch tape! It does what it's supposed to. It arrived brand new in the package.I bought this tape because there's a upcomingbirthday for friend's daughter. I was nervous,I cannot wrap her birthday gift without tape!I couldn't sleep.T. M.Too THIN!! Much too thin and not long lasting either.if your going to make tape thin then atleast make it long enough to last.Not the case here, it ran out too fast.buy something that has more length to it.but sense i do like scotch i give them a 4.For only about 2 bucks this saves you a trip to the store and some gas. It looks great and it blends in so it looks invisible.I've been using Scotch Magic Tape since I was a kid. I think it came out during the early 1960's, maybe late 1950's. We always had the Scotch Tape in the red package before this one came out and then it's been the green one for me ever since. Gee, I guess I've been using this tape for around 50 years. I guess that makes me 3M brand loyal.I was running low on tape and was so happy to find this tape as an Amazon add on item when a little short of $25 for free shipping. It was nice to have a reminder that Amazon carries these little office products I'm always needing around my home.I can't believe I already need to start thinking about back-to-school supplies.... A 200 pack of wide ruled paper is always somewhere on that list.  And, since Mead has some of the best, most reliable products on the market, I'm glad I could start here.I used to only buy Mead paper when I was in high school and college, there was no doubt that it was a thicker paper than most others. These days I really don't see much of a difference between Mead and generic store brands other than the price. This paper will definitely do the job you need it to do but so will some other cheaper brands (currently it is $2.99 on Amazon).Standard filler paper, slightly on the thin (translucent) side but works well for writing notes and such...Many moons ago when I was in school I only used Mead filler paper because it was well made, sturdy and fit easily into my binders. Now that my son is in school I've noticed that the paper seems a little thinner than I remember, however it meets the basic needs of my soon to be first grader. The huge plus for me is that this product is made in the USA and I will definitely continue to purchase it for my children.This is filler paper that comes pre-punched with three holes to be inserted into a 3-hole binder.The paper is thick enough that you won't see through it and can write on both sides. It won't immediately break from being taken in and out of the binder (after a while you'll probably want to have some reinforcements around).The price point makes it a bit of a lousy investment though. This paper is on the thinner side and there are only 200 sheets in the packet. at the beginning of the school year, you are usually able to buy Staples or Office Depot brand on sale for 99 cents. This paper does not provide anything special for the extra money (it's currently $2.99 per 200 sheets on Amazon).This is 200 sheets of wide rules filler paper,  It has three holes punched for your binder.  The lines don't fade or smudge as some lesser filler papers are prone to do.  It is crisp, clean, white, smudgeproof, and looks and performs like the best papers in the world, at a reasonable price.  I like to get 200 sheets in a package as this is a generous size but not so much that I have to store a lot of excess paper on a shelf where it can get dusty.  Mead makes great office supplies from the ones I've been seeing lately.I needed this for my daughter, for school work. The paper is pretty good &#8211; it&#8217;s not the really thick paper I remember from my own youth, which was so course that I could actually see the pulp fibers in it with the naked eye! Its thinness reminds me more of the paper I used in college (in the Stone Age, before everyone had a computer).I don&#8217;t think that the paper is unusually thin. It seems to me to be good, normal, wide ruled paper. We are already using it for some work and we are happy enough with it.(Review of Mead Filler Paper, Wide Ruled)Come on, paper is paper and ruled refills are rule refills.True, but there is a bit more to it.It all depends on how you like to write. I personally like to write with a fountain pen. (I know, anachronistic) thus, I need paper that will not let the fountain pen ink, that is liquid instead of a gel like ball points or gel pens, seep through the paper.I'm glad to say that this is a solid paper, that holds the ink and has proper texture.I recommend it without reservations.This paper is really well priced, but it seems a little flimsy. I wouldn't mind paying double what this costs to get paper that's just a little thicker. It does get the job done though.Mead is a big name in school supplies and this paper is adequate. The lines are clear and the wide ruling makes it easy for younger kids to learn to write. Pre-punched, it fits beautifully in any standard three ring binder. It is rather thin and certainly not of stationary quality. But it is fine for practice and less important projects.  While nothing to write home about, it is certainly acceptable for general use.This is good quality wide ruled loose leaf paper.  It is an average price, so you may want to look for sales around the start of the school year, etc. for this brand or others.  The lines are consistent darkness with no fading, but over all you'll do better if you buy a store brand on sale.This is good, basic school paper. It is perhaps not the thickest paper out there so if you are looking for something thicker, you might need to look elsewhere. Still it is fairly standard paper. The price seems to change quite often for the product, ranging from a great to poor price to definitely keep an eye on that. I am sending this paper with my daughter for her school.This is paper.  It is made from trees which are turned to pulp and then turned into this nice, wide lined, not scratchy smooth paper.  I'm a bigger fan of narrow ruled paper.  My kid likes college ruled paper, but the wide lines are better for those who have to write a one page, hand written report when they don't have a lot to say.I've been using Mead lined paper all my life.  Unless the lines are off, this is a reliable product.  The paper is the perfect size for binders and manila envelopes.The Amazon price is a bit steep, as I can get paper cheaper at big box stores in town.  Keep this paper in a dry area, as the lines can run if the paper gets wet.This Mead Filler Paper is fairly standard, if just a little thinner than higher quality notebook paper. This is a decent deal as an add on product with free shipping.Recommended for casual writing needs.CFHGreat quick delivery.  Mead 200 filler paper for all your school needs and other paper needs.  Paper is strong and easy to work with. Recommended product.Mead seems to have good quality products in my experience.  This is your standard 3 ring binder paper that is Wide Ruled.  I like it to use for my 1rst grader's homework, no ripping out of a notebook (which is hard for them to do without making a mess).  So great to have it shipped to my front door!This is standard wide ruled filler paper. I compared it to an office store brand of similar paper and found that the lines on the Mead paper were much fainter than the office store brand. Also the Mead paper seemed a little thinner/ lower quality. At almost $3 a package, it seems a little overpriced too.There are two hundred sheets in the package which is the average size. This package of wide ruled filler paper looks like the standard elementary school paper that kids have always used. That is before you take it out of the package. Paper used to be two or three times as thick as this when I was in school. This paper if so thin that it's totally transparent when you hold it up to the light. When writing on it with an ink pen the ink goes totally through it. In addition it rips very easily and if it gets at all wet then you are done.Other that the thinness problem the paper is normal. The lines are the correct spacing and are dark enough for the most part but there are some pages that are lighter than others.The price of this package of paper stunned me at 3 dollars a pack. I can purchase the same amount of paper from my local grocery store for about 1 dollar a package. When they have back to school sales it's often only about 50 cents a pack so why on earth would I pay that much for paper?Overall when I consider the quality of the paper and the price I simply am not impressed and would not recommend this paper.At the current price the paper is a good value.  The paper might be a little thin but the printed lines were great, not to overpowering and no misses.  More suited for pencils.  Recommended.I remember Mead producing a much nicer paper than this.  It is surprisingly thin, although still adequate for everyday use. The lines are nicely inked and the wide rule is a better choice for younger writers.Just "ok."I have been using Mead paper since I was a little boy and it has always done a great job. I just got a bunch of file folders that need paper so this came just at the right time. Perfectly ruled sheets that are waiting for my chicken scratch.Great price too. Thanks Mead for all of the years of great paper products!The sheets are thin and crease easily, otherwise the paper is fine. With a standard #2 pencil, the print looked okay and it erased well. This budget-quality paper might be OK for elementary school kids, but I'd recommend heavier weight paper for anything else.Mead knows paper. This paper is perfect for school kids. Nice color and the lines are perfect. Fit nicely in a binder.I am so disappointed in Mead. I know that this is a standard product, not a luxury version. It is just plain old lined paper. But it is such bad paper. It is thin. It has not tooth. The printing of the lines is not consistent. They are darker in some places than others.  It is thin enough that my lefty went through it easily.This all just makes for an awful writing experience. Basic doesn't have to mean worthless.Be careful of paper dimensions.I have read innumerable hardback novels since I was a child.  Over the years, I&#8217;ve noticed that the pages have become much thinner, almost as thin as newspaper.  I recently took some of my old hardback novels, published from the 1970&#8217;s, out of storage and performed a comparison; the pages of my old novels have yellowed but they are twice as thick as recently published hardback novels.Therefore, I wasn&#8217;t too surprised when I unwrapped the package of 200 sheets of Mead Wide Ruled Filler Paper and discovered that the sheets were thin.  The sheets were not as thin as newspaper, but they were noticeably thinner than when I was a high school student over thirty years ago.  It&#8217;s a sign of our hard economic times.  Everything is getting thinner but me.All 200 sheets have been punched correctly and they fit well inside a one-inch notebook.  The lines are wide and dark enough for me to see on both sides of each sheet.  Most importantly, I am able to write on the sheets.  I wrote notes while reading a novel for the purpose of creating a book review.  Normally, I only order inexpensive office supplies from Amazon when I need to add something to my cart for the sole purpose of exceeding $35.00 and earning free shipping.Joseph B. HoyosThe paper is thin and rips easily. I thought it would be fun to give my 7-year-old a notebook full of paper to use as she wished this summer, but even though she's a pretty careful kid, pages have already ripped at the holes and need reinforcements. I expected more from Mead. This is more along the lines of what I'd expect from a dollar-store brand.I enjoy the wide rule, soft feel to this paper. It is as you would expect from Mead West products.It's notebook paper &#8230; What's to say.  The package was intact, and the lines were clear.  Not much else to describe.This notebook paper isn't the best that I've used. It's still pretty nice though. It's a little on the thin side but It fits nicely in a binder. The only advantage I can think of for this thin paper is that your notebook won't be so heavy! I also wondered if the thickness of the paper meant that ink would go right though. I checked that with my runniest pen, which is a Pentel gel pen and am glad to say that the ink does not bleed through. The wide ruled paper is perfect for some children that write bigger. Other than that, the paper has no other flaws and works nicely as notebook paper.I got this paper for my first grader to practice writing with.  I never thought I would complain about binder paper, but this paper is pretty awful.  The paper, while it serves its purpose, is really quite thin.  I wouldn't recommend using pen on this paper, and heaven forbid you try to use marker or anything liquid on it.  With pencil, it works just fine.  My biggest issue is when you need to erase.  If you have a light hand, erasing shouldn't be a problem.  However, with wide ruled paper, most people who use it are little kids...and if your kid is like mine, erasing is practically a full arm production.  The paper is not durable enough to withstand the erasing of a six year old or from people who are vigorous when erasing.That aside, the paper does serve its purpose.  My kid, when he didn't make mistakes, was able to write very easily on the paper, and it didn't smudge much.  If you're pressed for time and want to order paper online, this will definitely serve its purpose.  Otherwise, I would wait for upcoming back to school sales.  You can get much higher quality paper at a comparable price.It's notebook paper, so what's to judge? It's a little bit thin, but fine for everyday use. I wouldn't want to use it with a fountain pen or anything that might bleed through, but for keeping notes it's OK.There is nothing to write home about this paper. The paper is very thin and the writing shows on the other side of the sheet quite a bit.This is standard wide ruled binder paper. It is heavy duty enough to be taken in and out of my binder. The wide rules make for easy note taking and organization. The white color is clean, but not too bright. This is fine for use in my new binder.This is wide ruled paper and is easier for grades 1-3 to form their words on.There are 200 sheets of paper in a pack with drilled holes and fit perfectly in a 1 inch binder.This is basic filler paper.  It's not as thick as some paper, but it works for taking notes and a lot of sheets will fit into a small binder.  The lines are printed consistently.  I recommend it if the price is good, assuming that you don't need something more durable.This is a basic pack of loose-leaf paper, nothing in it to overly wow or overly disappoint.  Our paper has all the holes, margins, and lines in the appropriate places, and the lines were dark enough to be visible.  (We&#8217;ve purchased cheaper paper where the lines were almost too faint to see.)  However, if you have a younger writer or someone who puts a lot of pressure on their pen/pencil while writing, this paper may be a bit on the thin side.This is good paper and the price is very reasonable.  Since I homeschool 2 elementary children, I needed the wide-ruled.My only complaint would be that I can't get a package that's a ream and I really prefer 8 1/2 x 11 (but can't find that anywhere so it's not an Amazon issue).It seems like paper is always in short supply around here. We need a quality paper and this seems to do the trick.This paper is thick enough and smooth so writing on it is effortless.  On a side note it also makes excellent paper planes. Decent paper at a decent price. Recommended!My grandchildren are always running out of loose leaf paper when doing their homework or projects so I tried this pack.  Excellent.  I can highly recommend it - and so do my grandchildren.At first glance this Mead Filler paper is your standard Wide Ruled paper. 3 holes, horizontal blue lines with a vertical red line to keep lines straight on the left.What you might want to know is the paper is thinner than some other manufacturers. For practice writing that probably doesn't matter. However for other purposes, particularly if you plan on writing on the back of the paper, it might be a problem.SUMMARYOkay paper.Perfect school supplies for my second grade student. We go through so much of this Wide- Ruled Loose Filler Paper each school year.We buy a lot of paper each year.  Mead provides a good basic (cheap) paper that will no doubt meet the needs of most students. However, I find the paper to be thinner than expected which may be an issue for those who exert significant pressure when they write or those who rely on their trusty eraser to get them through the day. It's OK - nothing great - a good utilitarian option but for wide-ruled paper (for younger students) I think it really shouldn't be quite so thin.Pricing Note (not part of the review):The price as I write this review is $1.33 for 200 sheets of wide-ruled filler paper. That is the delivered price if you are an Amazon Prime member or combine with other products to get Super Saver Shipping. If the price is higher as you read this review you may want to consider coming back at the start of the next school season and stocking when they are on sale.What is going on with the quality of paper items anymore? This is much thinner paper than I remember from when I was in school. The price has gone way up too. What still is the same is the nice spacing between the lines with the wide ruled. This is great for writing out homework assignments or reports, or even for doodling.There aren't many criteria upon which to rate ruled filler paper, but value can be assessed based on paper thickness and price. Though I know Mead as a brand name, and expected a higher price, this is actually one of the more economical packages of filler paper on the market. I compared it to several packages at Walmart and it is significantly cheaper per page than many and only slightly more expensive than a no-name brand.I flipped through the package to check the paper because some reviewers seem to have gotten bad batches with misaligned printing, cut pages, or other problems. All of the pages in mine were the same - the lines were properly printed and no pages were damaged except the very top one which took a hit (an indentation) from being sent in a padded mailer. Other than that, all of the sheets were fine.The paper is quite thin, though not so thin as to make it too translucent. It is exactly like I remember binder filler paper being when I was in high school (a very, very long time ago). You can see the shadow of darker writing behind it, but it's not too heavy. If you want paper that will last, then you may want to shop for something thicker. If you're just looking to fill your kid's notebook or something which you will use and eventually discard, this is pretty much what you want. It has the exact feel of the stuff I remember crumpling up and tossing across the room with the hopes of hitting a trash can (and usually missing).The quality of the appear is thin...but for scribbling notes and jotting down pointers..it is great.  We tried it as a print paper for your printer of those odd jobs where we are not seeking flashy jobs like a recipe page, or a music score for practice..it worked without being stuck in the printer.Not bad for value.My six year old wants to graduate from the guided writing kinds of paper (wide-ruled red and blue lines on newsprint) to something &#34;older&#34;. Having this around keeps her out of my printer paper. Good buy!I think it's a little pricey for 200 sheets, but then again with Prime that includes "free" shipping.  We use a ton of paper at our tutoring center, and I prefer the wide ruled for my students, especially the ones in elementary school.  The wide ruled lines give the young writers more room to express themselves in words and numbers.  For math activities I'll sometimes turn the paper horizontal with the lines running up and down. This can help students visualize columns and be better able to list numbers one below the other.These sheets of paper have red margins on both sides for convenience of application. For those who look for it, the Mead filler paper has the  certified sourcing imprimatur.I've been using Mead notebook paper since I was a kid in school. It's a really good standby.Nowadays I really like to use it as stationery. I cut off the red lines, and then cut down by about five lines from the top to get a good-sized lined piece of paper that can be jazzed up with rubber stamps. Additionally, I also use it a backing paper with nice stationery, so that I don't use more than one sheet of nice stationery for a letter--I use the nice piece as the first page, and these cut to size for other sheets. Either way, it helps save money while creating lined stationery. (Yes, I'm someone who still writes letters!)Whichever use you're getting it for--stationery or school--this basic pack is a generous size with 200 sheets.This is traditional wide-ruled, three-hole paper. Exactly the quality you expect from Mead--decent thickness with clear, crisp lines and edges--and ideal for grade-school to middle-school writers. If wide-ruled notebook paper is what you, or your child, needs, this is as good as, or better than, any other option. With one caveat ... It's the kind of thing best bought on sale, because off-season or single pack purchase can be absurdly pricey: 4 to 5 times the price of the same goods at better times (like back to school events).I bought this &#34;Mead Filler Paper&#34; because it costless than buying lined notebook. Plus, it's easyto use.However, I wish lines were little bit more vividon the sheets so that I can see where I'm writing.Overall, it's a great paper.T. M.It works well. Much cheaper at Walmart but I was in a hurry to get some school supplies while battling sickness so I just ordered it.I'm not sure if the quality varies from package to package but I've noticed that the reviews are all over the place with this product.  My package seemed to be just fine.  I wouldn't say it's high quality but I certainly wouldn't say it's bad either.It may be slightly thinner but when I write on the paper it's not any more visible from the reverse side than any other paper that I've compared it to.The lines are printed on my paper just as they should be.  They're not real dark but they're not too light either.The hole punches are complete and just fine on my package.I would have no problem sending this package in with my elementary aged children.  I think it gets the job done just fine.Good value at amazon.  Paper is thin, comparable to cheap notebooks.  Holes fit the binder and no problem writing on the paper.  Lines are good and not too dark.  Cheap enough to toss and to use as scrap paper.I feel this is below average notebook paper here.  The holes were well punched in the paper I received and the lines were correctly printed on the pages with no missing lines, but the lines are light and the paper is thin.  It will work, but you could do better on price and quality at Wal-Mart.  If you can't make it so a store, this isn't a bad option, albeit not excellent.As a side note, I don't think it's too uncommon to buy notebook paper with lines missing on a few pages in a pack.  I've had this happen to me in the past.This is a pack of standard, wide ruled writing paper that is 3 hole punched.  There are 200 pages per package.  We've had no problems writing on this paper and putting it into a 3 ring binder.The pages themselves are well made, but might be a bit thinner than other standard papers.  We have not experienced any problems with the paper yet, and we are a family of 2 adults, a 4 year old learning to draw and write basic letters, and a 7 year old doing basic sentences.Those of us who've used a i950 don't need to be told that they drink ink like... I don't know... like how a thirsty something drinks water. In my case, this has been a good incentive to think twice before I go to print anything. Now, this set is a true price break from what I was used to. I don't really need an 8-pack but I did get one once, by mistake and I had no problem with the i950, I just ended up with 2 extra cartridges.It's low price, free shipping... if this was a grocery item, I'd probably set it up as an Amazon subscription. If anyone is aware of a better deal anywhere - it's got to be genuine Canon ink - please leave a comment to this review and I will be more than grateful.I've tried replacement inks and they are all awful. My Canon prints beautifully and use ink better than most ink jet printers (I have two i9900 and mp500, as well as several epsons and had HPs but no more) I print a lot of photos and my Canons print the best on plain paper of any ink jet I've ever used, as long as I stick with the canon inks. I'm lucky I didn't destroy my printer with those cheap, generic refills.Great product, great colors.  Here is a piece of advice: use the original manufacturer's print cartridges irregardless of who made it and you will be fine.  Try to use a knock-off or wrong part, and you are asking for trouble.If you print high quality pictures, you can't get by without Canon ink with your Canon printer. Generic ink and refill schemes just suck every time. Buy what you need without regret. Not cheap. Not very much ink in the cartidge but it works well and looks great.The large size printer needs special ink. Canon's 13 x 19 printer requires the 8 color process. One of the things I found was on Amazon.com was some alternative supply of ink for one of their vendors. The quality of their ink compared favorably and we bought about a 3 year supply.The Ink from Canon is very high quality, but is pricey and especially compared to the competitor.I always buy Canon ink for my Canon printer and they always perform as they were meant to by the manufacturer. There is a price break by buying in sets of 6 that I like.Economical and works like it should.  Always stick with brand inks with your printer.  These don't smudge and won't destroy your printer.  I recommend canon brand inks.I have bought the cheaper cartridges from various makers and found the ink in them to  be very inferior compared to Canon ink.  The cheaper cartridges seem to run out of ink faster and I mainly buy the black or letters with the cheaper cartridges.I am very wary about buying ink cartridges online. On Amazon, even if you filter for new only and manufacturer only, it brings up used cartridges from unknown manufacturers.Used cartridges are really not good for your printer and you never know exactly what you'll get (unless you have your own cartridges refilled). Now if you still want to use them, that's up to you.My issue is that you really have to pay attention to make sure you are getting new and sealed manufacturer cartridges when you are buying online. (Wish Amazon would do something about that but I suppose they are busy.)So my review for this product? IT WAS A FACTORY SEALED NEW CARTRIDGE just like it said it was. Good place to buy from.For my canon printers, I have always relied on the genuine canon made product. I don't like the ink tanks running low so fast even if the printer is just sitting without daily use, but the colors have always been dependable.Well, the other guys are all complaining about Amazon's shipping charge.  Amazon's "free shipping for over $25" offer comes and goes, so if you see it in effect -- it is as of today (10/12/2005) -- grab whatever you need.  As for buying the ink tanks, just buy all three colors in the set at the same time to qualify.Anyway, let me talk about the ink tanks themselves.  The three "BCI-6" ink tanks work in the Canon Pixma iP3000 printer.  (Maybe in other models as well, but I have the iP3000.)  These are official Canon ink tanks so you'll know they'll work well.  The number of prints you get heavily depends on your printing habit, e.g., what you print, how much you print, and at what quality you print.Using my usage as an example.  I print at Normal Quality most of the time, and I print about 50% photos (at 200 or 300 dpi, depending on needs) and 50% web pages (e.g., flight confirmations, Hotmail messages, etc.).  I don't print Word text documents much.  I've run through 2 sets of ink tanks, and my very rough estimate is each set has lasted about 250-300 8.5"x11" sheets.  Maybe more, but I don't wish to raise your expectations too much.  Suffice it to say that of all the inkjet printers I've owned -- photo or not -- the iP3000 has a terrific ink capacity record.  Of course, if you use one color more than the others, that particular ink tank (or ink tank combinations) will go out faster.(For your reference, a few months ago I read in a magazine review the the average per letter-size print cost of the iP3000 came out to around 12 cents per page on plain paper, one of the lowest average costs for inkjets.  Not sure what settings they used in their tests or how much they paid for ink tanks, though.)In case you are interested... the new Canon iP4200 model employs a new formula of ink which supposedly will not fade for at least 30 years.  My own take is, no matter how you print your photos -- even at professional photo labs -- a photo print will eventually fade if exposed to light.  It's just a simple law of chemistry.  So be sure to archive your digital photos on CDs or DVDs so 30 or 40 years from now, you can still print fresh copies and relive your treasured memories in their full colors.Well this is canon own ink so the quaility is top notch and I have great photo printouts.  My beef with this ink type is that it dry too quickly and canon printers waste too much ink when you turn it on and off, it does it cleaning or something.  I don't use myCanon i960 Photo Printerthat often, when I do use it for black and white, I get low ink all the time.  Sometime I only use black printout and the other color inks are out.  I spent too much money here on Canon fast dry-up wasting ink compare toOriginal HP 56 Black Ink Cartridge in Retail Packagingand and old Epson that I could refill the ink/color.  There is no chip on the ink, but I got a newCanon PIXMA MP560 Wireless Inkjet All-In-One Photo Printer (3747B002)that does use an ink with chip like HP.So you get good quality but Canon makes their money off the ink that dryout too fast when not used.  Canon makes the best printers for the price/ features/quality so I am stuck with their ink again.Having genuine Canon ink has always produced the most predictable results.  I have a profiled monitor for my color work flow.  Output on Kodak Professional Photo paper using ICM profiles (provided by Kodak on their website) along with genuine Canon inks gives me excellent prints on my Canon i950 (yes, it is getting up there in age, but still prints gorgeous prints).And for several years now, I find that Amazon usually has best prices online (unless their competitor has a sale).  B&H; is brick-n-motor I use when I need a pack of ink at the last minute (not Staples or OfficeMax, who charges way too much).Excellent price for genuine Canon ink... use this with Canon paper for visually stunning results that last.  In my experience, it is smart to purchase extra Photo Magenta and Photo Cyan cartridges as they tend to run out first.  It is wonderful to have the option of purchasing individual genuine Canon cartridges at such a reasonable price and have them delivered the next day or the day after via Amazon.If you are searching for the highest quality ink that delivers exquisite, professional results, look no further.Thanks, Amazon, for making my life easier and offering this excellent 5-Star ink at such a reasonable price.Ink is ink and this one definitely serves its purpose.  Pictures come out fresh with this stuff.Great Canon quality ink tank.  Good value, but if you need other ink colors the best deal is AMAZON's combo paper and ink pack which includes cyan, magenta, yellow, 3e black, and 50 sheets of thinner glossly paper (a very good deal).  Highly recommend this product or any other Canon ink products !!I needed Canon inks for my 13x19 printer and these tanks render great color reproduction in all cases. I wish they had a high capasity cartridge so they would last a little longer.The ink seems to work well in the printer, however the cartridges really leak as you are putting them in, so be sure you are wearing rubber gloves when you install them. Other than that I was supprised at the lack of problems. I have tried other refills and have had nothing but difficulties, but these (so far) seem to work quite well.4 stars only because of the leakyness.These ink cartridges I bought for my somewhat older printer (Canon IP6000D) but is still running great. It makes some noises while printing but the quality that I receive is worth it.I have purchased very many Canon products and was always satisfied. I would and will continue to recommend them.This is well priced refil for my Canon 870.  Colors work well, and they are original Canon products.  i just wish they did not cost as much as they do.  Printers are cheap, but thye get you back with the ink cost!I have a love/hate relationship with my Canon i9900, also know as the incredible ink sucking machine.  Photo quality is amazing, how quickly it eats through ink cartridges if frightening.That said, there is simply no substitute for the Canon inks.  The aftermarket stuff will look awful at best, will clog up your machine at worst.Like all ink, this stuff is obscenly over-priced.  Still, the Amazon 8-pack set will save you a small fortune versus buying them seperate.  Recenly I needed a single color and ran off to a big box store.  The single cartridge was about $15.So, use only genuine Canon ink and buy it only from Amazon.  Nuff said.Buy the original Canon ink if you are using it for your photos. The generic brands will fade in a few years.Of all the Canon ink, only one came damaged (my loss). But most is good quality but I wish they pack more ink in a package. It still runs out fast.Buy 2 at once from Amazon and save with free shipping.I haven't found a cheaper way to buy Canon ink carts for my i9900 printer. I just won't use 3rd party inks for my prints, some of which I use to create cards which I sell. I have printed hundreds of prints with the i9900/BCI-6 and have NEVER had any plugging or printer problems due to inks. I just hope that this package deal will continue for those of us committed to this particular printer/cartridge technology.I have never had a problem with Canon inks.  I have bought generics, but never been satisfied. Either they ruined my printer, or the colors were off.I'll keep this short. The inks are great but not worth the price - unless you are soley printing pictures. Stick with the generics. They last longer and cost less.Thanks again I have to stay with the canon brand of ink, the other brands clogs up my printers. Thank you once againUnlike many reviewers who spill out their thoughts after a few days with their new toy, we've had our "new" Brother HL-1440 about six months -- and the short form is that we are highly satisfied.  This is our third laser (the prior two being HP 4P and 5P -- typical home models) so we're used to good quality printing.  No exception is the output of the Brother and the speed is quite decent as well.  Best of all, we have not yet had a jam, despite printing probably about 2500 pages or so since putting it into service.  We're still on the original toner as well!We use both the manual feed slot a lot (for envelopes and special paper or card stock) as well as the high capacity tray with excellent results.  Our only quibble is that the feed slot can be a little tricky to get the paper straight, so sometimes the printout is crooked.  The printer is a little slow to startup and print first page if it had previously been in "sleep mode" but nothing that unusual.  Sometimes our lights dim a little when it fires up, so we're guessing it draws some pretty good power at that instant!Incidentally we used the parallel interface at first and now use the USB connection -- no problem with either.  The software was easy to install and stepped you through the startup proces quite clearly.Bottom line, we've been totally delighted with the product -- and consider it almost unbeatable at the low price we paid!I selected this printer over the Samsung ML-1430 and the Hewlett Packard LaserJet 1000. After reviewing all three online and then "live" at an office supply store, I ordered the Brother HL-1440. While the print quality may be similar for all three printers, the Brother HL-1440's build quality, easy memory upgrade path, and cheap consummables made it the clear front runner. Further distinguishing this machine is its superb handling of thicker media. It produces excellent results on cardstock, using a convenient manual feed slot on the front of the machine. Note also that the paper handling of the Brother is, in general, more robust than its Samsung and HP counterparts. The Samsung uses the top-loaded, ink-jet style paper feed system that tends to have less precise alignment. The HP uses a non-removable paper tray that is flimsy at best. The Brother, on the otherhand, uses a standard removable paper tray that is durable and handles envelopes and legal-sized paper just as easily as letter-sized. (And don't discount the handy manual feed for the single envelope.)Out of the box, USB setup of this unit on a Windows XP Home machine was a snap. The 1440 comes with a fully illustrated easy setup guide that will have you up and running in no time. All XP drivers are available on the disks that are shipping with these machines at the time of this review.One last note: Don't forget to order a USB (or parallel) cable with your printer!Welcome to the world of laser printing. You're talking to someone who came from a time when laser printers were a five figure investment. Sure they created print that was so smooth, that the edges were like glass, even under a microscope. Like the rest of us, we trudged through the fuzzy, dull, and off gray text of bubble jets, until they finally created one that would give you a nice edge to the naked eye. Under a microscope even todays latest results are not equal to this inexpensive 1440.To be creating professional looking text for only two cents per page, and at the rate of up to 15 PPM, for this kind of money makes it a must have. I broke out the super magnifying glass and the edges are glass smooth. My Lexmark X83, which is touted at "laser like" doesn't pass the under the microscope test. I still like the X83 for color work, and since it is a multi-user machine, for it's scanning and copying features. If you have a bubble jet, or inkjet machine, you want a Brother laser printer too. You can hook one up to the USB port, and put the other one on your printer port, thanks to Brothers dual input, standard printer cable, or USB capacity.Some other great features are: 250 sheet paper tray that sits under the unit, which is reminiscent of the better machines. With up to 15 PPM print speed, the first time you see it print, you think it is a printing mistake because it is coming out so fast. No sooner does the previous sheet hit the tray, one is coming out right on top of it. It comes with 2 Meg of ram built in, and is expandable with a single slot which will take up to a 128 Meg chip. (Something available very inexpensively for a generic, check it out via a google search.) The main feature of the brother line of printers is that they have a very professional look for an entry level laser.First and foremost, as stated in Consumer Reports, who rated the Brother 1440 as their number one pick, the per page print cost is only 2 cents per page. Compared to a MINIMUM of 6 cents, and as much as $1.50 per page for an inkjet photograph, you can see how quickly printing costs can add up. With the Brother laser printers, you can concentrate more on how you can print your message to the world, instead of how you are going to afford to keep pumping lots of money into your inkjet cartridges.A key advantage to a laser printer is that they use a dry powder, instead of wet ink that can and does dry out. I have a friend who bought an NEC laser in 1985, printed infrequently, and the cartridge just ran out in the last couple of years. Not a common example, but it gives you a good idea of the advantages of a laser using dry powder.Comparing the Brother 5040, which comes with 8 meg of ram instead of 2, has more onboard fonts, and several other capacities, as described in the owners manual, to the 1440, makes you want to buy that one instead. BUT Consumer Reports rated the 1440 as their top pick, and the 5040 rated about 5th in line. They stated it was the loudest of the printers, had comparable text quality, but didn't score quite as well in printing graphics. Mate that to the reduced price of the 1440, and the fact that a ram chip upgrade is inexpensive, makes the world of quality laser printing something everyone should have.Brother just came out with the 5140 to replace the 5040, but the only improvement is a faster print speed of 21 PPM instead of 17. The 1440 is rated at 15.First and foremost is the top quality, textbook level of printing, for such a small amount of money. If you buy a 1440 at current prices, and then at replacement time, buy one of the generic replacement toner cartridges that produce twice the number of pages as the standard ones, you can bring the price per page cost down to a penny. That is quite a savings over the five cents per page copying cost at your local office store.The speed, flexibility, and capacity of producing documents on demand, makes this a good investment.Heed the warnings on the bag containing the cartridge, and DO NOT move the machine without first removing the cartridge, or you can seriously damage the printer. That is probably the reason why some people were getting streaks.  When the toner gets low, and you start to get a gray background on the pages, replace it.I haven't been this excited about a business tool in quite some time. It will make a great addition to your arsenal. Highly recommended.I waited several months after purchasing this laser printer before reviewing it to more accurately gauge its performance.  So far, I have not had any trouble with paper jams, but expect to pay the price when it comes to replacing the drum.  All in all, this is a capable machine that produces high-quality black and white images and text.The printing speed is much faster than that of my old HP, although newer and more expensive models will have increased print speeds.  I like that the paper tray can hold a whole ream of paper without jamming, and that communication between computer and printer seems reasonably efficient.  Printing web pages does not take long, as I did on my HP.  Best of all for me, this printer is Mac OS X compatible with no additional hardware needed; older Macs should also have no trouble.  I have been able to print more than a hundred pages in one session without jamming or other issues.  The print itself is high quality, as one would expect from a laser printer.I do get annoyed with the power saver feature, which I haven't yet figured out how to turn off.  After approximately ten minutes of non-use, the printer turns off, requiring the user to flip the power switch off and then back on.  Rebooting takes approximately 30 seconds.I give this model three stars instead of four primarily because the manual is explicit about eventually requiring drum replacement, a necessity that will cost almost as much as the printer itself.  If you look at this printer as a relatively short term solution to printing high-quality black and white documents, then you will be happy.This would be a real deal -- if only it was compatible with Windows XP, which it is not. Before you buy it, use a good search engine to find user comments, and you'll discover that (1) Brother is still negotiating with Microsoft over XP drivers, and (2) Brother's support is non-existent. Even their website is useless.Not good.I've had this printer for about four months now and it works great.  I use it as a print server through a router and it hooked up and worked easily.  Good quality text and graphics though I'd offer that the laser on my high end work lasers may have a bit more contrast.  I bought a generic memory card for $8.  The auto off is a nice feature and first print time even when its been off is very reasonable - about 20 seconds.  Toner prices, even when you eventually need to replace the drum, are still about the cheapest of any laser.This laser printer is amazing. Buy it. It is fast, quiet and reliable. I have added another 32MB of memory which helps with printing graphics and large documents. The replacement parts and toner are inexpensive compared to other brands. I think it offers more features and quality than others three times the price. My only regret is that I didn't go for the color version.One day while strolling through Office Max on Michigan Avenue in Chicago, I stumbled across what I thought was an exceptional deal - a 1200 DPI laser printer under $200! It almost seemed too good to be true.  After some initial skepticism and subsequent analysis, I realized that it was, in fact, an excellent deal - for a niche low volume user who needs fast printing.As a frequent author of reviews, I would typically check Amazon before buying such an item.  So after returning to my office, printer in hand, my enthusiasm was somewhat dampened by the negative reviews on the HL-1440.  I almost returned it before seeing the print quality and performing some basic calculations.  In the end, I am glad I kept it as it serves my need for having a fast, high quality, low volume printer in my one-man office.Currently I own a [large] microwave-sized multifunction HP inkjet (d155xi), which is at my home office.  I decided that if I needed another printer in a second location, it should be a inexpensive laser printer.  Initially, I thought I would purchase a $300 HP.  My concern with such printers and the other sub-$500 printers was the cost of the consumables. Experience with ink-jets (such as my HP-d155xi) demonstrated that the ink expenditures are a real killer. This, of course, is a ploy by the manufacturers to recoup equipment costs via pricy consumables.The sales associate at Office Max suggested that the replacement toner cartridges last 6000 sheets for around $60. After some mental calculations, I figured that it would be a good deal.  Only when I returned to read the Amazon customer reviews did I learn that there was a second consumable - the drum - that lasts, at best, 20,000 sheets.  This is something I did not anticipate.  While I have no way of determining if this second consumable was created for purely technical reasons or merely as a financial/marketing strategy, I would guess that it is a bit of both.  Moreover, at a cost of $115 w/tax, the drum costs about 65% of the cost of a HL-1440, making a second drum purchase a psychological obstacle.To determine if the Brother HL-1440 was a good value, I opened Excel and performed some basic calculations, which you can see below.Assumptions - Drum replaced at 15,000 sheets first time; 18,000 additional sheets second time.  High capacity toner lasts stated 6000 sheets, original yields 3000 sheets.  Note that it doesn't come with a USB cable ($20) but I had a surplus one.$w_tax  total$  total sheets  _sheetprinter  $176 $176 3k  5.9HC toner 1 $57 $232 9k  2.6HC toner 2 $57 $289 15k  1.9New Drum  $115 $404 15kHC toner 3 $57 $461 21k  2.2HC toner 4 $57 $518 27k  1.9HC toner 5 $57 $574 33k  1.7As you can see, if you chose to toss the printer at 15,000 sheets, the average price per sheet is 1.9 cents. This is far below the cost of printing at Kinko's - excluding transportation costs and convenience value.  The tricky part comes from the decision to purchase a new drum.  It takes a while to recoup the cost of the drum, making it a very tough decision for some. Moreover, one has to guess  how long the other components will last. Given my level of use, I would probably not purchase the drum. In the three years that it would take to wear out the first drum, another, more cost effective solution would become available.Like expectancy issues aside, there are some nice features to this printer.  Print quality is excellent (as least after the first 500 pages). While somewhat lightweight compared to workgroup printers, it is built better than most inkjets I have used.  Nice touches include the paper level meter where a mechanical needle on the front indicates the height of the paper reserves in the tray.Some strange problems include mirror printing from certain applications, such as MS Streets and Trips 2004. This is corrected by a patch.  There is also a recurring "Found New Hardware" problem where it creates a new printer icon (Copy 1, 2, etc).  It usually stops at copy 2.  Brother suggests that this is a Windows XP problem. As I have used multiple USB printers on this and similar computers, I doubt that it is just an XP problem.  In the end, it appears that a full drive uninstall may have solved this minor annoyance.In the end, I would suggest this printer is a good choice for low volume home offices or single person companies. If you are like me, someone who prints around a 100 pages per week and needs a fast printer when on deadline, the HL-1440 is a good choice. I would not recommend this for any moderate volume or workgroup environment.Pro'sExcellent print qualityVery inexpensiveLow total cost of ownership/price per pageNice paper level meterCon'sPoor front interfaceShort lifePossible driver problemsStrange printing anomalies (corrected by patches)Only 2MB memoryNo USB cabled includedI have a two computer "network" at home in which I previously used two average quality inkjet printers (one for each pc).  With laser printers having cost so much in the past, I never bothered to put one in at home.  I was surprised to see that this model is not only affordable at its regular price of 99 dollars, but I found it at Office Max for 79.99 (they are no longer going to carry it)!Because I have had great success using the Brother HL5170DN at work, and because a friend has the 1440 and loves it, I decided to give the HL-1440 a try for home use.  I can say without a doubt that this is one good printer.  I would think that even if I had paid twice as much as I did (which makes it all the sweeter).  The print speed is very fast and the quality is great.  I am still impressed with how crisp and clean this machine can produce images and graphics.I am told that the toner cartridge that came with the printer (#430) is good for about 3,000 pages.  By factoring that plus the cost of replacement cartridges, I feel that this printer is a fantastic choice for home use.  I highly recommend it!I haven't experienced the problems with the drum that previous reviewers seem to have, and I've had my printer for over a year. The toner lasts forever, the print quality is excellent, the speed is great (especially if you come to this unit from an inkjet printer), and the unit is relatively quiet. I have only one gripe with it: the design makes it really, really tough to deal with paper jams. I have found myself bent like a pretzel with a computer tweezer tool in hand, trying to find an opening through which to pick apart a piece of paper that has gotten stuck somewhere inside the printer. I'm invariably at fault for the jam, leaving something lying where it would impede the exiting of the printed sheets, causing them to back up and accordion themselves in the printer. Nightmare!!! Otherwise, I've had nothing but good things from the HL-1440, considering the low price (I remember when laser printers were only for the wealthy). Hope they release a next-generation that clam-shells so you can get those jams taken care of!I had to throw this printer out.  It was simply too unreliable.The first unit I had streaked.  After three exchanges of the printer, they finally sent me a new drum.This printed for about 4 months, and the streaks re-appeared.I have never been so aggravated by a printer and suggest extremecaution  before buying.did not work when I plugged it into the wifi system  so I have not used it yet the other phones I have are doing the job.thinking about trying this with magic Jack but don't have the plus model yet.... LoLThis is not a high end corded phone, but if you need an extra phone in the basement like I did it dose the job.THIS is the Trimline phone that I remember from past years! I had bought an AT&T; "Trimline" phone that was really poor - it didn't have the features that I expected, and remembered. I bought one of these in white color for my wife, and then found that it was so good that I ordered the black model for myself.This phone has a backlit screen (excellent for night-time calls), powered by the phone line - no batteries required. The light intensity isn't very high, but is readable in the dark. I found the quick dial use to be fine, although I was a bit surprised that one needs to program in the emergency number (isn't 911 standard?), but maybe some people want to call their relatives in an emergency or something. I have mine wall mounted, although the unit works either wall or desk.The phone is handsome, and the features (handset and ringer volume, quick dial, etc) work well.The only drawback is that the handset is fairly large. I am 6' tall with big hands, and it fits me fine, but if you are purchasing for a smaller hand you might need a different model.This is a very good 2nd phone. It is in my bedroom.  It is very lightweight and suits the purpose.  It is also very reasonably priced.I rcvd my black trim line phone today. Out of the 352 reviews I only read the #1 rated ones, to see what was said. Several people said people on the other end cannot hear well. I immediately tested mine, and called 2 friends, who both said they could hear me quite clearly. It is funny how there are always people who harshly criticize products in these reviews, yet so many other people do not find anything wrong, I wonder how that can be, can there really be such a big difference between one unit and another. I thought I would like the Black color best, and it cost less than the White, but I see now that the Black shows finger print smudges very easily. I will be keeping it on my bookshelf for use during power outage.Best corded phone on the market -- voice quality, lighted keypad, small footprint.  It's everything I need.Simple no frills compact desk (or wall mount) phone.  Glossy black version looks good. Works well.  Excellent audio.  Excellent value.  Highly recommend.The AT&T; Trimeline is a very basic corded phone that works when the power goes out. We bought three of these (one for our house, shop, and my mother's house) to use mostly as backup for when our various cordless phones become unusable in during power outages (more frequent than I like in our area).We have these connected to line splitters (Belkin RJ11 Plug/2-RJ11 Jack Modular T Adapter) and they work just fine. These also have physical switches to adjust the ringer volume and phone volume which, although limited, does give us some control. It is also handy that the keypad is "backlit" and draws power directly from the phone line, allowing you to see the numbers in the dark.While these phones do have the ability to store numbers and even speed-dial, we have not set them up to do it.Highly Recommended!CFHI used to work for a large telephone company including time spent in a "Central Office" or "CO".  The CO is the place where your telephone lines go after leaving your house and where the telephone company has all of its equipment.  I also did field telecommunications in the Army.In a natural disaster, cell phone towers have a very limited amount of battery backup.  That means your cell phone will not work about 5 - 8 hours after an earthquake.  That's what happened to all of us after the '89 Loma Prieta earthquake.However, for landlines, the telephone company maintains a very extensive system of battery backup power in the Central Office so your landline phone will continue to work even after an emergency or after losing power (yes, your corded phone uses some electricity to work, but that electricity is produced by the phone company).  In fact, after the regular battery backup power is exhausted in the CO, the phone company has the capability to drop generator trucks to run the equipment and keep your corded phone working indefinitely.There also are other technical reasons that you want a landline in a natural disaster instead of a cell phone, but basically the equipment running your landline can handle many more calls when everyone picks up the phone at the same time to call "911" and their aunt Mildred.So, bottom line, keep your landline phone line and one of these very inexpensive AT&T; 210 CORDED phones on hand, if only for emergencies or when the power goes out and you can't use your cordless phone or cell phone.  By the way, the voice quality of my two AT&T; 210's are excellent.I purchased this two years ago for one reason: to have a phone I can use when the power goes out, which happens several times a year.Modern phones are terrific... as long as they have electric power.  When the power goes out, however, they are helpless.  I do have a deep cycle battery and power inverter for when the power goes out, but having this basic phone allows me to have a phone without drawing power from my deep cycle battery.  I can check with the power company, talk with neighbors, and potentially most important, if there's an emergency I can immediately dial for help.Everyone who owns a phone that plugs into an electric outlet and who lives in an area likely to experience power outages should have one of these for when the power fails.  Just store it in a location that's easy to access when you have no lights.All these cheap phones today have nothing in their base so when you grab the phone you pull the base off the desk or table.  This is the classic ATT phone with a nice heavy base and a design that still looks great today.  The black is perfect for the home office and the white for a nighstand or kitchen.With everyone having cell phones and cordless phones, I still like to have a corded landline phone so when the power goes out as it often does here in the East, I can still make calls.Its a very reasonable price and good product I would recommend if you think like I do regarding power outages.I like this phone so much that I bought a second one in white. It works well, does not require power to operate, and still has a few options of more expensive phones. By using a key combination, you can participate in 3-way calling. It has a mute button, volume control, Flash, auto redial, and can store up to 12 numbers in memory. It has an illuminated keypad and a 3-level ringer adjustment button. It is lighter than Trimline phones from the '80s, but it doesn't feel cheap. It's just that all of the analog parts inside from that decade have been replaced by digital ones. Even if this phone craps out after a year, it is so affordable that I consider it a &#34;disposable&#34; item. I recommend buying this item.back up phone that operates without power. So can be plugged into any jack in the house. runs if we trip any circuit.We have three cordless phones in the house, but we've always kept one hard-wired phone to use when the electrical power goes out. (The power lines in our area are aboveground, but most telephone lines are underground. During storms, we often lose electrical power, but the phone lines are usually intact. The cordless phones, which require AC power, are useless at those times, but a hard-wired phone still works.) When our hard-wired phone recently died after about twenty-five years of service, we replaced it with the AT&T; 210 Corded Phone. It's a fine telephone, reminiscent in style of the old AT&T; Princess Phone of the 1960s, but modernized with memory-dial. Other than that, it's pretty much a basic, bare-bones telephone, which is what we need during power outages.The AT&T; 210 appears to be solidly built, and we expect to get many years of service from it. For the very low price, it meets our expectations perfectly.When you need a phone during an emergency or power outage, when you want a phone that is reliably located on the "base" where someone hasn't walked away with the handset, this is the IDEAL phone! The phone comes with a longish cord to plug into the phone base and phone jack.  If you need the standard short cord to use with a typical wall mounted base there is a slot under the base to wrap the cord instead of providing a shorter second cord.  I like this! It's nice that companies are engineering with cost savings in mind! The phone comes with pulse and tone dialing (needed to use computerized dialing.)Its an old school phone that works. Setup in 30 seconds. Not much you need to know on this one.Living in a remote area accessible in winter only by four wheel drive, it is not unusual for us to loose electricity as often as once a month when the snow is flying. Regardless of whether an outage lasts an hour or days, when the electricity goes out, out nifty, convenience packed, cordless, electronic phones do not function. Cell phones never work, regardless of the weather, because of our mountainous location.When the electricity goes off, we go old school and pull this corded phone out of the junk drawer. Using it means being tethered to the wall with a very limited range of mobility. At any other time it would be a hassle to use, but is like a gift from above during the times when it is the only option for communicating with the outside world.The twisty cord gets easily knotted up and the base is made too light. Unless hung from the wall, expect the base to skitter all about the counter top when the cord is pulled on even slightly. That all said, when this thing has to be put in use, function is way more important than form.I would not have this as my only phone, not even for occasional use as an extension, but I would not give it up either because when I need it, I really need it.I liked the heavy duty early AT&T; Touch-Tone phones (circa 1975-1985) as they had a solid feel to them, their ringers were loud enough and didn't sound like a robot.  Unfortunately, "they don't make 'em like they used to" and for many of you, that's OK.For me, I still like a phone I can hold on my neck.  I like this one as it has a volume dial.  It still sounds a bit like I'm down in a hole, "tinny" I guess, but it's better than some of the others that I've tried.The base is really light weight, so if it's not hung on a wall (which you can do with this one) it will probably pull off the table if you stretch the phone and it's cored too far from it's base.It has a lighted key pad, sort of (the light is really faint).So, it works, has some options that are OK, and if you want one like they used to make, this is OK, but not perfect.Phone looks and works fine. If you are looking for an affordable wall phone, this is the one. Just be SURE to read the instructions concerning wall mount mode!We needed one corded phone for when the power goes out. This one fits the bill at a reasonable price.Cheapest and most durable as well as dependable. I don't see any issues with this phone, it sounds great and it can  be loud.I recently bought this phone for my father who likes his phones simple and easy to use. This telephone by AT&T; works better than other, much fancier phones, including two expensive cordless phones with extra handsets, when I had to get a new phone for my new home. The construction of this telephone reflects great engineering; and it's very, very reliable for a price that's very inexpensive these days for a phone. Yes, it is corded; but when all you really need is a basic phone this really does the job.The phone has back lit buttons which are desirable for those of us who are elderly or in any way sight impaired. The buttons could be brighter but the back lighting does improve upon no lighting. The phone offers well known features including "last number redial," and allows you to set the phone up with your telephone company so that you can use this phone with features like call waiting and three way calling. The phone has a mute feature, adjustable ringer volume and more. These functions never disappoint me. It also has a small knob that lets you switch between touch tone and pulse (rotary) dialing. I use touch tone dialing as most people do. I am particularly impressed that a phone in this price range even has a twelve number memory feature for speed dialing. Cool!If you want to take a nap without the phone ringing, just turn the ringer off by using the knob at the base of the phone.I highly recommend this telephone for people who need a basic phone at a cheap price that still has a few "frills" to like including memory speed dialing and call waiting. The extra features give you all you truly need to make this a well constructed telephone at a ridiculously inexpensive price. Sure, the back lighting for the buttons on the phone could be brighter; but overall this is still quite a good phone for the price. The phone takes up little space and it can even be wall mounted to completely save counter space in a kitchen or any other room.There is no doubt that more people are choosing to get mobile phones for whenever they need to call up, as well as cordless phones for mobile use at home. But there are still those of us whom would just rather prefer the need of just having a simple phone for one place in the house to call. That is the case with AT&T;'s 210 Corded Phone. This is a very simple and easy to use phone that works for just about anyplace in the house, where you want to keep your calls stationery. I also found it to be very easy to read and understand, and rings louder than my cordless handsets in need of a call to home. If you really are looking for a extra phone for the home or the office, than I definitely recommend this classic phone from AT&T.;Price: B+Convience: BOverall: B 1/2+This is an ok basic phone, which is what I wanted, in case my electricity goes out.  Works fine.My portable phone finally went haywire so I decided to buy this corded phone since I don't really need a portable and all the static that comes with it. This AT&T phone is a basic design, feels sturdy and works very well with clear sound.  No static, no distortion, no sounding like people are in the distance or speaking from a straw or whatever, it sounds just like the good old solid phones we used to have before all the portable junk started spreading all over the place.  I accidentally dropped it when answering a call and it came out unscathed. If you want a solid, basic phone without bells and whistles, buy this one.  Actually, it does have the ability to program thirteen numbers (a feature I used successfully) so it does have some bells and whistles.This is the most inexpensive and reliable way to use a MagicJack.  I bought a new MagicJack for my university office.  I make a lot of calls to Canada and it would be inappropriate for me to use the university's phone to make my calls.  This little phone stores neatly in my drawer.  When I want to make a MagicJack call, I just plug it in.Remeber what a phone used to feel like and sound like.  This is the old phone as you remember it but its new and fine. Works great.This is a good basic corded phone.  I have had trouble with my Comcast Telephone line for months and no one has been able to fix it.  So I bought this inexpensive phone as a backup to my cordless phones.I'm guessing they are working as expected and I've received no complaints; they are being used in a different department.I have my electrical phones and cellular in the house.  However, here in Miami we do get serious storms and hurricanes during which time, electrical phones do not function.  Therefore, I have now this extra unit connected to my printer/scanner which I use while sitting at my PC and should we have a hurricane, can transfer to my bedroom for regular communications.  You will be surprised how many time the phone lines do not go down but you cannot use the other phones because there is no electricity!  Great deal.  Only wish it had lights on the buttons, which I believe is supposed to have but I don't see them at least on mine.I bought this paper after purchasing an Epson Aritsan 730 printer, only to see it not show very good print quality on generic printer paper.  I had tested the Epson Photo paper, and found it to be superior in quality to the HP premium paper that I had used for Photos, so I figured perhaps I needed to go with better paper for my basic printing as well.  Made a huge difference.  Text looks wonderful on it.  Paper is a nice thickness and doesn't feel as flimsy as most generic papers.  It should...afterall, it's roughly double the price of bargain paper.  But when you're looking to print something and have it look nice, better to go with good quality paperI typically use Boise X9 Bright 20lb paper in both my laser and inkjet printers. This Epson product is ever so slightly heavier. I barely notice it, but for two sided printing, the 24lb paper is an improvement as you don't see the print as easily on the other side of the page. I also notice that it is somewhat brighter in shade and smoother, allowing for the inkjet to do a better job with fine print. For regular black type, the laser still outperforms the appearance of even the best inkjets, but since so much of our work has color these days, it's nice to find an inexpensive solution for at least the paper side of the equation. This is a step up from basic copy paper, but it's not such a step up that anyone will say, &#34;Oooo...nice paper.&#34;Watch for a good price, as the price varies from $5 to $10 for 500 sheets.I do a lot of printing, both black and white and in color. I've used several different types of paper, and this type is equal to the best, at a very nice price.This is a great, inexpensive, every day paper.  It might be just a tad light for more formal presentations, but I don't think it's designed for that.  This is your every day paper.  I'd order again and again without hesitation.hello,since i purchased a new epson artisan printer, i needed some bright white paper for everyday use.  this brand of paper is a little brighter in b/w printing than my older hp white paper.  the cost is great, the delivery was super fast, and i did not have to resort to using somewhat old paper that was not very bright.  three positive things going for it.  i will now continue to order from amazon because of the selection and great delivery.If you are looking for a thin paper that reproduces well and is easy to work with, this is it.  It is thick enough to not easily tear like ultra-thin rice papers, etc. and the quality of print, at least with Epson ink at the highest quality setting, is better than other papers of this weight.  The cost is actually not bad, all things considered.I recently tried this paper to use with my HP inkjet printer that is about two years old.  I am very impressed. In fact, this multipurpose 108 brightness paper (yes, that's what they advertise, 108 brightness) by Epson gives you something to sing about! I use this paper with my inkjet printers; and I can use it to make signs to tape to my front door indicating to delivery people which doorbell to ring! Actually, it's good for just about anything I need to print with my inkjet printer, including intense colors or artwork from a webpage that I want to keep in printed form for my records. The paper may "buckle" ever so slightly if you have to print a large square, circle or rectangular shape in a single color; but this "buckling" isn't too noticeable.In addition, this paper practically never jams in my printer at home. Nevertheless, I always fan the paper to make extra certain that it doesn't jam. After I fan the paper to make sure two pieces of paper aren't stuck to each other, then I place it in my inkjet printer tray.Each page is a clean cut 8  inches by 11 inches. Great! Although they don't say this, I would imagine that this paper can also be used in copiers, plain paper fax machine and maybe even in laser printers. If you want to use this paper with laser printers, print out a test page or two before you buy several reams.This paper never "goes stale," so stock up on it if you can catch a sale on it. As of this writing, the Amazon price seems a bit high so check with Amazon to make sure that the above price is correct.In any event, this is excellent paper; and I highly recommend this product.This is great paper and it produces excellent quality output.  very crisp and nice colors.  My only complaint is the price.Not that I would steal from work.  Just saying - it's a quality paper, well worth the price.  It's brighter and crisper than your typical office copy/printer paper.Bought this epson paper to go along with new printer.This paper costed a bit more than what I wanted, but it seems to be of good quality, thickness, and brightness. Once in a while, my printer takes more than one sheet of the paper, and it's frustrating when this happens, but this may be a problem with the printer.This paper is fine but in comparison to another brand we use (of the same weight and brightness), it is nearly as substantial feeling or looking.  As far as paper goes, it's not bad, but maybe not the best brand out there.There's no reason to order this paper when you can get comparable paper delivered from Staples or Office Depot at a fraction of the price. Also, after making the switch to that generic paper, I've experienced fewer jams on my inkjet printer.More than a few times multiple pages were pulled in together.  Thinner paper works better in our printers - Canon and HP's.Definitely works, but is considerably smaller than your average desktop calculator.  Also due to this I think, some of the buttons, notably the CE and ON buttons, are on the side of the number pad, not above it, as I am used to.  Altho this would seem minor it makes for some fumbling around with the keys every time.If small is good for you think about this calkeylator, otherwise go for a regular one.When counting the conceivable number of ice cream cones you could eat within a 365-day year, a calculator managing the basic functions should be all you need ... and that is all right here in this Canon.Some days are like the one today. The summer swelts, as it is apt to do, but what about you? Worry not. Traipse onward to your favorite creamery. How often can you do this? That's where the calculator comes in.Work in your figuring confectionery and coffee shop visits, stops by the corner hot dog vendor, and the lovely friend you might bring along to each celebration of taste. Consider taxes, tips, and extra chocolate sprinkles. This math will take a focused mind, and an accurate calculator.Large numbers, visible digits, and extra buttons for those with the mathematical acumen to enjoy them, the Canon calculator sits snugly on any desk or cafe counter. It will suffice most dining needs, powered by sunny days and ice cream desires.Ensure the goodness of a year filled with flavor, well-paced through each week by knowing the cost and averages of chocolate, cappuccino and gelato. Be prepared for hot fudge sundaes, mochas and nougat bars. When December comes, as the year has passed, you will be able to tell the one you love, "This one's on me," with confidence, as you will have studied the numbers on your Canon calculator.--BrockeimI have found this to be a pretty straightforward easy calculator.  Compact, but the buttons aren't so small that you hit three at once...It's the 3rd one I have bought for our office this year. I am pretty sure that people are eating them.It has an eye-angled, upright display, and is perfect to work on a desk. The keypad is not as soft as other calculators on the market, giving you a retro and reliable feel (if you have ever used those full size desktop calculators popular a decade ago, you know what I am talking about.)I find other calculators (e.g., Sharp EL-377T) awkward to use on a desk. They are perfect for handheld. If you want to have a calculator on your desk and operate with one hand and without leaning forward to check the LCD screen, this Canon LS-82Z is perfect for you.Canon makes a fine small pocket calculator that I trust. I understand, of course, that some people will want this for the same reasons I wanted it while other people would never be satisfied with this calculator. Therefore, here are the pros and cons of this calculator:PROS:1) It can use either solar power or battery power.2) The keys are pretty much the right size.3) The numbers on the screen are relatively easy to read and it's got a memory feature.4) The calculator comes with a "function card." This will help you or refresh your memory as to how to use this calculator to its maximum potential.5) This product is relatively inexpensive; this is perfect for anyone who wants an affordable pocket calculator.6) The display is angled toward the viewer's eyes so it's easy to read the display--and the display doesn't even need full brightness in order for you to read it!CONS:1) It doesn't have features that a statistician would want. If you want to use this for matrix and vector calculations, you're flat out of luck. Get a scientific calculator instead.2) The change sign button is very difficult to even notice--it's on the "%" button!3) The three key limit on the memory function may frustrate people.Overall, this calculator is perfect for anyone who wants a regular, reliable and inexpensive calculator just to do basic functions. Again, statisticians and other people will not be satisfied with this; but I was pleased overall. It's a great calculator for most people; and so I'll give this a four star review.I first saw the CANON LS-82z calculator at my local bank.  Itwas anchored to a table, so no one would take it, and wasthere for people to tally up deposits and/or withdrawals. It isso little, so useful, so -- well, cute -- that I found myselfanthropomorphizing it, (that is, turning an innanimate objectinto something which is living...at least in my imagination,and falling completely in love with the adorable littlecalculator at first sight, (and use!). I wanted so much to takeit home with me, (as a calculator -- AND pet!)  Perhaps it'sdue to the fact that I live in a no-pet building that helpedfoister these, er....feelings in me, but the fact is that it ISa rather small and compact little calculator, (only 3.5 x 4.5 x1.2 inches in size), has easy-to-use hard, (but not too hard)plastic keys, and a nice big 8-digit display!  It also seemedjust the right size fit in my hand...though, of course, tetheredas it was to the table in the bank, I couldn't try it out.  No --I did NOT hear the little calculator say, "Take me home with you!"-- but it was fun to IMAGINE it was saying this.  I also knew thebank had probably searched very carefully to find the right modelcalculator to put on the bank table. So -- with this free advicethat this was a good calculator, (which the bank had unknowinglygiven me -- and every other bank customer!), and my own immediateliking to it -- though I knew I couldn't take the bank's modelhome with me, I did the next best thing: I wrote down the modelnumber, and looked for it on the internet.  Sure enough -- therethe calculator I had seen in the bank, (or maybe one of it'sfirst or second cousins!), was there on Amazon!  Immediately, Iliberated....er, that is, bought...two of them, hoping, (in myimagination, that is), that these little calculators would finda happy home in my condo!When the calculators arrived, I took one out of its proteciveplastic casing, and immediately put the number "107734" on it.Then I turned the calculator upside down. As with any calculator,the word "heLLO!" appeared on the screen.  (There's a whole bookof these calculator tricks, which I mean to look up on Amazonas at the earliest opportunity!)Well, the little Canon LS=82z does fit nicely in the palm of myhand, and works just as well in my home, as it does at thebank.  The keys are HARD plastic -- which means they do NOT getsoft and difficult to use after a while.  However, "hard" doesnot mean "difficult" here -- the keys are a pleasure to use!They are small enough to keep the size of the calculator down,but big enough for adult hands to use.  And -- this IS a solarAND battery calculator.  You can always test this on any calcu-lator.  Just be sure the calculator is on, and showing numbers.Then put your finger over the solar-battery panel.  If thenumbers fade, then the calculator is a solar-powered calculator,only.  If they do not fade, then obviously a battery is in thecalculator, too -- as is the case here.It's true this calculator has only a three-key memory, and somepeople find this a great inconvenience.  To me, it's only a veryminor inconvenience, and one I can easily live with.  The "change-sign" (from plus to minus, or vice versa), key is strangely printedon the same key as "%".  Sadly, there seems no way to use the"change sign" function, as directions are not given on the back ofthe package, and there are no other directions given.  I don'tchange the sign, often -- so again, this is a minor inconvenience,for me.  But if you must change signs from plus to minus, or viceversa, often, I sadlty must suggest you "adopt" another calculator.The biggest disappointment, though, is that, although this ISpowered by a battery, (presumably a button model), as well as solarpower, THERE ARE ONLY TWO SCREWS, ON TOP, IN THE BACK OF THECALCULATOR.  This means that it's all but impossible to take thebattery out, and one will be left, eventually, with the choice ofeither using this as only a solar calculator, or getting anothercalculator altogether.  A mean thing to do to both calculator...and user.Still, I plan to use and enjoy my litte LS-82z. And if I anthropor-morphize once in a while, what of it?  Sometime back, an entireTV show, ('WONDERFALLS'), was based on this idea of anthropormorph-ism.  It stayed on the air only a short time...but during thattime, made money for everyone connected in its production!I know there is a calculator on my computer, but I still love regular calculators and this one is a convenient, compact size. Since this is dual powered, it will last longer and you can recharge it with solar power.The size of this calculator is nice because it fits in your hand while you calculate away. I find I make less mistakes, although I do sort of miss my calculator with the larger key pad.~The Rebecca ReviewAbout the size of the palm of my hand (men's large).  works well.  Nothing to get excited about, but a good basic calculatorThis is a great product. The cartridges have a little window to see how much label is left. Very handy. The cartridges are also very easy to change. The graphics and borders are nice too. Very good value, highly recommended.After getting this I realized a serious lack in Dymo labelers: limited color selection. I'm much less interested in black on red, blue, yellow, green, etc. I need to label black surfaces and want white on clear or on black which Dymo does not make. Brother and Casio do, although both in limited tape sizes. The only other drawback with this labeler is limited type sizes.This is a great label maker. It is quality made and the labels look very professional. The refills are not so costly to break the bank. It can do many differnt fonts and also print 2 lines. It was a great deal on the lightening deal day and it's just as great at this great regular price.You will not be disappointed with this item.For the price, I am glad I bought this. I use it at work, and it easily prints out the labels I type in, and I have had for almost a year, and still going on the same roll ( use it about twice a month for labeling office supplies )This labeler is simple, it does everything a label gun should!  I have labeled so much stuff with this gun, index tabs, to containers - the variable size option, and double line features come in handy so you do not use all your tape up!The price of the refill tape cartridges si pretty cheep compared to others.If you just want a simple labeler that does what is suppose to do and doesn't pretend to be anything else - then get this one!My order came from 'The Witz and Sons', fulfilled by Amazon.I've bought HP ink through Amazon for years and never once had an issue.  This time what I received was questionable.The product is advertised as being in retail packaging, and the photo shows an HP package.However, when I opened the Amazon box, what was inside was not in an HP retail box.  Instead the ink cartridge arrived "unboxed."  There was no HP cardboard box.  It arrived in only the HP inner foil package.  That means there was NO HP box, NO UPC and, of course, NO explicit expiration date listed.The only thing on the package, outside of the HP logo, is a foil code.  In my case the foil code is SG2 110800 100218 1133.  I happen to be familiar with the codes on HP foil, so reading the two sets of six numbers in yymmdd format, I was able to see that what I was sent had an "ink warranty" that expired about 9 months ago back in August 2011 (110800), and was produced in February of 2010  (100218).While many people use ink past the warranty date, that should be the choice of the consumer.  Here, it seems likely the seller removed the box to try to pass off a "old" product as fresh, which is deceitful, at best.Sometimes buying an item like this is easier online. Running to many stores to find it is tedious.This item works the way it is advertised -- no complaints here. Shipped on time, no issues with the packaging, no defects on the item.This is a great deal on the HP ink, it fit into the printer just perfect. I even purchased a couple of boxes of this ink, and when the printer broke, I just ordered another printer to fit the ink. So it has worked out well.I loved using this ink cartridge in my school printer.  I had to often purchase myself due to lack of fundsInks were not too dry or less than perfect; were same HP quality for a better price than in a brick & mortar store.This is, without question, the best type ink to use in a HP Printer.............. we use nothing but HP Printers in our Home Operation.Pretty good product for the money,  It is handy, does the job and the solar cells work too.  I like the colorSimple, easy to use, small enough to carry, but not so small you can't push the buttons....perfect for those needing just a standard calculator...This is a great calculator, especially since the cover is a perfect size for inserting a business card when you give them as gifts...They do the trick. I am a science teacher who needs to supply calculators so the classcan perform some basic calculations. So far everything is good.This simple calculator seems to work fine, as advertized.  I docked it a star because I wasn't able to find a function for integrations or higher order functional analysis, but I suppose you can't have everything in a five dollar calculator.It also lacks voice control, has little or no artificial intelligence, and in general makes a very poor companion if you're stuck alone with it on a desert island.  It does break the ice at parties with the classic 58008 joke, but only the most sophisticated of users are able to appreciate the humor.I purchased this calculator because it has solar, as a gift for my sponsored child in Africa. xxx xxxx xxxxxIt works fine and is easy to carry in a purse.  It doesn't take up any room.My 4th grader was told that they could use calculators in class. She didn't like the ones provided by the school but I didn't want to spend a lot of money on something that could easily get lost or broken. She wanted a fancy, fun calculator but none of them had good reviews and she really didn't need a toy on her desk.So I picked this up for her for three reasons:1. It has a built in cover, perfect for keeping it safe in a backpack2. It is solar and battery powered - double the options3. It was the perfect price at less than $3!It works well, is small enough for a desk and easy enough to read.If you want a basic calculator with a cover, this is what you want. Not as compact as Aurora HC 100X, but the keypad is a little bit more comfortable.This is a small and cheap calculator. The price is low and you get what you pay for. It serves its purpose and was inexpensive so I have no complaints.The best thing about this calculator is that it's got a cover that latches.  No, it doesn't lock, but that little hard-plastic door closes over the keypad, so when I toss it into my briefcase and head out, I don't have to worry about damage to the keypad, or the thing being turned on and staying on as a stray pen or something just keeps pushing its buttons.  The main power source is light, but it's got a simple battery backup, the batteries being accessible when you pull two small philips-head screws from the back of the case.This thing is small and mobile, and is perfect for my mobile business needs.  I'm not going to be plotting spacecraft trajectories or formulating amino acid degradations today, so I don't need anything more than the basic arithmetic functions it offers (as well as %, square root and basic memory functions).The buttons are just the right size, not so big that I feel like this thing is a learning toy for a 2 year old, or has been made for the myopic over-70 set.  The buttons are big enough that I can quickly tap out my work without mashing down multiple buttons.To conclude, if you want a small calc you can tote with you and that will not let you down by running out of power, this is the one.  If you're after a reliable little machine to crank out your daily checkbook totals or to tally up the pro-rating on your timesheet entries, then this is the one you want.  Recommend.Nice useful calculator. Not as nice as the Casio SL-300 Wallet Style Pocket Calculator, which I really like, it is great just the same. It has a hard case that protects the calculator from regular use or putting in one's pocket or briefcase. It goes off when you close the case. It is a good size to use on the go or on your desk. Looking for a handy durable calculator, I think this will fit the tbill. More so, the Casio SL-300 Wallet Style Pocket Calculator will be even better. See my other review.I don't need a whole case, just a ream.  I can add this to any other Amazon order and get exactly what I need.  We're a military family, so wasting some of our precious poundage on lugging around a case of paper is not an option.  Great quality for our Canon inkjet/multi printer.It's hard to find a lot to say about paper. But as paper goes, this is good stuff. Clean, crisp and bright, just the right thickness. Perfect for all your printing and copying needs. Oh, and nicer-looking than the paper you steal from work. heh- Solid feel but not too thick- Bright white looks good with any color ink printed on it- Cheap, price is right on amazon.com- Using it on an HP printer from 2002 with no issues whatsoever.This copy paper is brighter than your run-of-the-mill copy paper and I am extremely pleased with it.  Will buy again.I have used this paper for a number of years. It is perfect for my printing jobs and my ink jet printer. It is bright without being too bright, has a nice weight and is neither too thin or too thick for general personal and office use. The price was right so I bought a ream! Good purchase as far as I am concerned.Paper is paper. Well not exactly. Some of the &#34;stuff&#34; on the market will not do your printer justice and the end product will be less than what you should expect. This paper has a good surface and goes through the printer without &#34;jams&#34;. It has a 96 brightness which I find excellent. While it is listed as 20 pound paper, i checked this against a cheaper packaged of 20 pound and the difference was astonishing. This is good paper at a reasonable price.This is a bright white paper which is good for general printer needs. It feeds into the machine with no issues. Ink did not bleed on it. No problems here.I bought this because it was the best price on Amazon's site, when I ordered, for a single ream.  The paper is as good as any other with the same weight and brightness numbers.works as expectedThis HP Multipurpose Copy/Laser/Inkjet with 96 Brightness, I was so glad to find in a local store last week. So I have been printing letters, forms, misc type of documents on it and am amazed the brightness of the paper for such a reasonable price! And since I have an HP Printer, I am glad to have paper with HP's endorsement (on the back of the wrapping for this paper, it states that it was actually made by International Paper Company under license of HP). So this paper is made for HP and other quality types of printers, whether HP or another brand.So glad I am using this paper now as in the past, I paid for the generic and cheap types of paper that a brightness of about 88, which is not that good when it is compared to 96 brightness. And the old generic paper cost the same price as this high quality paper.For the cost of this product and the quality, this is in my opinion a BEST BUY!I ordered this paper because I knew it would be a good product since it was from HP.  I received the paper in a couple days and this saved me a trip to the store to buy it.Excellent for all in one documents. The paper is smooth and when printed on it shows results that are great quality.3/6/12: I just bought paper at Target and it was $5 for 750 sheets. Same brightness, same weight, works fine in my printer (generic paper). Really look around to get good prices on paper.Original Post: Not much to say on this. It's paper. 96 Brightness, 20 lb, letter size, 500 sheets. That said, it works great in my Canon inkjet photo printer. It never jams or crinkles.I have tried this paper in all four of my printers and it works very well. I have one printer i hate because it loves to jam the paper. Well this paper has never jammed in that printer. I think this HP paper has taught my printer to behave itself. It is reasonably priced and works very good. I will keep buying it.I have ordered this pack for the first time, and as usual, HP has come through once again. The price is one of the best as I've compared to purchasing in different office supply stores. The quality is top notch. I have no complaints. Thus far, I've already used about 50 pages & it was recently delivered. The colors are bright & no paper jams noted on my 2 printers. When I find a product this good, I will order again-and-again. Totally satisfied. Highly recommended!The multipurpose Copy paper works well the the printer.My family and I are enjoying both the printer and the paper.A local church needed this paper and requested it.  When they received it, the church thanked me and stated how much it was needed  in their offices.If your looking for paper to place in an HP printer for a cheap price this is a good buy.We've used part of the first ream and the paper works great. I'll order these again when I need them.Thank you,Jeffhello,out of paper and need some the next day?  you could go to one of the big chain stores or just use the amazon services.  the cost is much better here and the delivery was so fast, that we were surprised to see the package on our porch.  the product is the standard hp paper, but the b/w printing from our epson artisan printer stands out when finished.  96 is perfect for everyday printing, for printing special notices and in times of actual letter writing on the computer... colors stand out and the b/w printing is high quality.  this is a great product.I have seen complaints about the quality of this paper.  My personal opinion the paper is fine - it is computer paper so I don't really have high expectations.  As long as it doesn't jam my printer, doesn't rip by touching it, and doesn't smear I am happy.  So far this paper doesn't do anything of those things - it provides nice clean prints and I have no reason to complain.That makes this my first Costco purchase.  I have a one person household so a mountain of toilet paper isn't that attractive.  I'll say though, it was a bit of a shock to see Costco using Amazon.  They seem to have an active site of their own.As to the paper, it is a nice bright white that I don't have to be embarrassed using.  It is the right weight to go through my laser.  So, 3 to 5 stars are certainly in order.  I went with the middle but could have gone higher, if &#34;Loving&#34; paper had a bit better connotation.I have an HP printer and this paper was recommended that I use.  I am always printing something or another, and this Multipurpose paper is great!I like this copy paper but it is a bit expensive for draft projects.  I will be using it more for the final copy of what I'm working on, especially if it goes to other people.I recently got a ream of this paper as a promotional item at a local store; and I am very impressed. In fact, this multipurpose 96 brightness paper by Hewlett Packard gives you something to sing about! I use this paper with my inkjet printers; and I can use it to make signs to tape to my front door indicating to delivery people which doorbell to ring!The paper is not expensive for all that you get; and it almost never jams in my printer at home. Nevertheless, I always fan the paper to make sure that it doesn't jam. After I fan the paper to make sure two pieces of paper aren't stuck to each other, then I place it in my inkjet printer.In addition, this paper can also be used in laser printers, copiers and plain paper fax machine. Each page is a clean cut 8  inches by 11 inches. Great!This paper never "goes stale," so stock up on it if you can catch a sale on it. Moreover, this is excellent paper that avoids ink from smearing as it is printed on the page. Great!I don't know what to say about the Amazon price--as of this writing it states that this one ream package costs $12.88. This is either a misprint or maybe you get more than one package for that price; Amazon fails to clarify this. Obviously, however, you shouldn't be paying $12.88 for a single ream of paper. The price may be a misprint or it may be for more than one package; I cannot be sure. Sorry!Use it in good health!HP paper, HP ink, HP printer and HP laptops.  Never had an issue with any of them and I am not about to start experimentingExcellent  paper for everyday printing from school work,menus,letters,purchase recites ETC! I do like this paper but I had expectations of better higher quality paper than my stand by PrintWorks Multipurpose Paper which I buy for $4. This HP paper was better but not by much not really worth $6.?? If you can get it for less than $6 by all means buy it.this is great paper for my printer nice white prints great and is easy to work with thank you normThis package of bright copy/printer paper arrived promptly and was reasonably priced.  I erred in purchasing just one package instead of a whole box, oops!Great quality multi-purpose paper for your home printer.  Bright white.  Text and pictures come out crisp.I have used it in my HP1022 laser printer and my wife uses it in her Brother laser printer and it always delivers clean, clear printouts, even on side 2.Update 7/7/2014:After using this paper in my HP Laserjet 1022 printer to print documents on 2 sides of the paper, discovered that the heat produced a VERY strong curl on the ends of the paper on the first side printed and it made it extremely difficult to feed the paper back into the printer and get reliable feeding for side 2. Absolutely ruined a 2nd side printing of a 100 page document. Took 2 stars off of the original rating for this problem and don't think that I'll purchase this paper again.This paper is excellent quality for anything you want to do with your printer.  It makes a good poster, too.Bought this paper again---perfect thickness as not to thin or thick so jammed paper has never been a issue.  Also makes clear copies and the price was very good and I liked I could get it delivered right to the door rather than chase around to try and find this exact paper.If you do alot of typing and want your papers to be quality than THIS is the ream to buy!This is good quality paper.  I use it all the time.  The print comes out great on it and the paper feels nice.  Great buy.  The company gave me good service because I had this paper in no time.Great low price for decent everyday paper.  Just shop around.  I was able to get this for just over $5.00 and no shipping charge.Does not jam.Print quality is great.Thin so you will see print on the other side but for everyday tasks this is not an issue.I have no problem with this paper ,works great .The price is a liitle bit hight .But still worth the priceAfter having put together several of 'put it together' items this was about as easy as it gets. They even give directions with arrows so the pieces slide right in, a very small notch on the plastic pieces that when slid on the pole (slowly) you can feel snap into place, at that point the shelve will slide into place. Used a rubber mallet to get then tight.easy to put together. very sturdy for what i needed it for. would recommend to anyone who needed a little extra storage area,grst kid!!! Someon Nrrfd to take jack potty liked it it rolls and is study only five more wotrds oneI have very limited space in my home and that certainly holds true for my pantry. It's not that I collect a lot of junk but everyday items just seem to be overflowing. I bought this cart to put outside my pantry door to hold all those items which the pantry can't hold. When I need to get into the pantry, I just roll the cart a foot out of the way and roll it back when I'm done digging around in there. This cart truly makes my life so much easier.This cart is very sturdy and well built, I just LOVE it ! It rolls around easily on my tile floors and it holds lots and lots. I really didn't understand the directions on how to put it together but by just looking at the parts and the photo on the box you can easily figure it out for yourself. I'm already thinking about buying another cart for a back closet where it will help create an organized place as well. Don't hesitate to buy this if you need more space,it really does the trick !I own two of these carts in different sizes. This one stays put in the kitchen and rotates my seasonal appliances; for example, I bake more in the winter than in summer so it holds large glass storage containers with flour, sugar, etc. In spring and summer it will rotate to hold my breadmaker, blender for summer fruit smoothies, etc.The second cart has moved from room to room over the years holding everything from office supplies, to books, storage boxes, extra clothing in closets, etc.Assembly is relatively easy, even if you aren't very handy. It took me about fifteen minutes from start to finish and required only a rubber mallet to assist. The first attempt at assembly had things a little uneven because the plastic collars that hold the shelves at a certain height, the collars kept slipping as I would move to do the next leg. On the second try I had to "lightly" assemble the pieces and then firmly tap everything in place once all was set. Getting all four lightly seated worked better to have everything level at the end.My only real quibble is with the cheap casters; when doing my research on these it came up that they can seriously scratch fine wood floors. I don't move these around much after they've been assigned a task so not a real big issue for me but something you may want to keep in mind if the rolling feature is important to you.These are fairly well made, pretty sturdy, and have performed well considering the budget price tag. If you have a 'Mart locally you may want to compare but Amazon is pretty competitively priced with these.Pleased with this purchase and highly recommended.It is sturdy as wire shelf units go, rolls well, clean looking, It is a little shorter than my counter top and fits perfectly at the end of my base cupboards just under the lip of the counter top. I purchased it to put a berkey water purifier on or toaster oven. I don't think it would work for the kitchen aid counter top mixer because of the vibration. I wish I would have had it when Joe was alive. I served his dinner in the den so he could watch tv during dinner. A tray on top would have eliminate the extra trips for condiments, drinks, etc. Clean up would have been so much easier too one trip back to the kitchen. It would make a great towel and toiletry unit for the bath. The shelves are adjustable. Assembly is a bit confusing. I thought I was missing the (F) pieces. Later I found it was pre attached. I had 8 additional pieces, that were not visible on the assembly diagram. I figured out where they go. It was great fun. If you want to use the unit separately you will need them to finish the ends. Well worth the price I will probably get another oneNot a cinch to put together - just so you know &#34;part F&#34; is IN the long tube - don't look for it!  Just start by screwing the long tubes together - this IS step one.  The rest is figure it out as you go - the instructions aren't great - but it winds up being a decent cart.Not meant to lean on, feel a LITTLE tippy - but nothing that interfere with normal functioning.  There are two locking breaks on two of the wheels so you might want to note that before deciding which wheels go where.The cart is well made, craftsmanship, assembly, etc. no complaints.My only gripe is that the shelves are (to me) up-side-down.  I dont want the 'lip' on the shelf pointing upwards.  Most of my wire shelves have the lip pointing down at the front tip of the shelf.  This makes it more convenient to pull out larger jugs off the shelf.  I suppose some can argue that the jugs could slip off while one moves the cart, so it is better to have the lip pointing up.99% of the time the cart is stationary for me.  only a few times a year I would move it out of the utility room to make more room for carrying bulky things through the utility room.  That said, I would rather have at least the top and center shelves to have the lip pointing down.This is attractive and functional.  The size is perfect and assembly was a breeze. I needed a place to keep two crock pots and wooden fruit bowl.  Highly recommend.This is now the second Whitmor cart I've purchased.  I got it for insulation, really: putting the cart in a picture window allows light in; yet the stuff on its shelves, blocks air flow when it's too hot (or cold).  Easy to move out of the way.If you like lipped shelves, then you will like this cart.  You cannot install the shelving properly, lip-down:  each shelf is potentially unstable if bumped.  That will matter if what's on the shelf is heavy or important.  As in, a computer.  For this product would otherwise be ideal for holding computers.  So, I assembled the cart lip-up.  HINT:  do the bottom shelf first, and put the wheels on last.  It's easy to assemble, if done that way.EDIT: the first cart (review below) is now deployed such that an old Win98 Dell Dimension tower sits on the lowest shelf, and an HP Laserjet 4 sits on the top shelf.  In between, is a shelf for paper and peripherals.  The monitor sits right of the cart, in white shelving.  That gives you a sense of computer station usage.  Import: it's easy to move the unit out to plug and unplug, remove paper jams, etc.Original review of the first cart, follows below.  Second is substantially the same.=====On the cart, I had placed my Optiplex 780 (SFF) with monitor on the top shelf; my huge Dell 8400 tower sits on the lowest shelf;  in between (12" clearance), are peripherals and wireless keyboards useful with either computer.  It is stable, and moves well on the house carpeting.  Thus I can wheel it forward for clearer viewing, getting behind to mess with cables, etc.I don't want to lift the tower out from the lower shelf, but merely slide it.  The lipping problem is solved by putting a large but relatively thin (1") coffee-table-sized book beneath each computer, enabling each machine to slide above the lip.  It works, but is not ideal.  I lined middle shelf with rubbery kitchen drawer liner, to keep air flow but mask the cords below.So only due to the lip-up shelving, is this five-star product rated four stars.  If you prefer a lip-down design, get the similar-quality Seville cart here in Amazon for about the same price.  I bought the Sevilles, too (and reviewed them).NOTE:  a computer chassis on a chrome chart will emit a vibration when on.  Depends on the type of chassis.  The old-fashioned tower emits almost no vibration.  But a small form factor like the Dell 780, emits a substantial hum you can feel when you touch the cart.  Due to that, the above-mentioned 'book' is more important: it nearly eliminates the vibration.Very handy and nice cart. Well made. So many uses.We're using this as a printer stand for two printers. It works very well for this purpose with one on top, one on the bottom, and some storage on the bottom.I got this on a timely manner.  Very easy to assemble.  I found that putting the wheel first and locking the plastic brackets on the last line helps.  The plastic brackets are easy to take off and be replaced if you make a mistake or want to readjust the shelf size.  The materials are sturdy and the wheels are a sturdy hard plastic.  Great product!  I use it in my bathroom as a shelf for my toiletries.I hesitated to order anything furniture-like or bulky from the internet, but I'm glad I ordered this storage cart on a more or less daily basis. It holds heavy kitchen appliances, tons of 2-liter sodas, and every other knick knack we've thrown at it without any bending or bowing. It's also not rusted or gotten dingy in the way that certain chrome things do after use. Rather, it's totally sturdy, easy to clean, and looks nice in the kitchen.I needed a cart in my laundry room to hold my detergent, bleach, etc. I didn't want a basic cart rather something with a little class and that is just what I have in this little gem. It was easy to assemble, strong, and the shelves are very adjustable to accommodate all size containers. A+++Super easy to put together!Sturdy!I love that you can put the shelves on two different ways, because I needed a flat surface for the top shelf.I highly recommend this cart over other, cheaper made ones!UPDATE:I love my 1st one so much that I bought another for my textbooks, notebooks, bookbag, and purse!The one in my kitchen has given me so much counter space it feels like I have a totally different kitchen!Standard modular metal shelving construction, other than the lip on the shelves are inverted from their usual orientation.No idea why people are having problems assembling it, it took about 7 minutes to put together. Tips:1. Disobey the instructions and put the wheels on first.2. Only clip the plastic supports for one shelf at once, starting at the bottom. Add that shelf. Repeat.3. If lifting it, don't try to pick it up from the shelves, pick it up from the uprights. The connectors only work in compression, not in tension.The clips never look that strong, but they work very well in practice, and the same construction holds up for much larger and heavier units than this.This was purchased to be used as a microwave cart. I didn't want to spend a lot of money and it was reasonably priced, which made me a little hesitant because I thought it might be flimsy.It isn't flimsy. It goes together quickly and easily and I am impressed with how sturdy it is. My microwave is 19.5" W x 10.5" H x 14" deep and fits perfectly on top.There is a little 1" rim on each shelf and the shelves can be placed with the rim up or down.I am very satisfied with this little cart - it helped me free up quite a bit of cupboard space in my tiny kitchen.It is seldom that we get a chance to use such a diverse piece of handy equipment and this Whitmor Supreme Cart is simply the most versatile helper I have found in years.  It is well made, sturdy, easy to use and stores almost anywhere there is sufficient space.While just recently constructing a much larger shelf system that provided the opportunity to spout some awful words, this 'tool' (it really is like a tool) was a snap to put together.  The instructions were adequate and with a little pre-reading and thoughtful re-reading of the instructions it came together in less than 30 minutes.  It would have taken less time had I not had the assistance of our puppy inspecting each and every move while attempting to assist.  (Before I forget let me remind anyone buying one of these that a key missing part of my instructions did not include 'listen for the click' or some other form of assistance when snapping two black shelf holders.  It takes 8 shelf holders for each shelf and had I not placed a pair on each corner's indented part of the rail and did not hear that click when the holder was seated properly the shelf would not stay put.  I wish I could have worded that better but then again I wish for other things that do not happen.  Take the two black pieces and just fiddle with them on the rod and move it around until you hear the click.  No click?  Do not use until you hear it.  The click is the key.  Whew.  Hush.)  Because I wanted the locking wheels on the front of the cart, I placed a piece of bright tape so I only had one choice. It was somewhat embarassing to put the locking wheels on opposite corners.  By now if anyone has read this far these are such minor comments they barely deserve space; however, if one person is assisted I'm happy just as I am with the cart.  It is handy and useful or a combination of values that we seldom receive in one unit.I highly recommend this cart and will add to my Cart Kingdom with another one later.After my previous solar calculator stopped working except in strong sunlight I looked for something basic and dependable. This is it and reasonably priced, too.I had to replace my trusty TI calculator after 20 years of solid service (I bought it in high school!) recently when the total/equal button started to act up. It was a solar only calculator but it got the job done for years and years.I took a chance on this Sharp and I'm pretty much hooked. By the way, the one I got doesn't match the photo so while the layout and display is the same, the body and the keys are different (more square with an aluminum body and a glass overlay over the top section where the display is). I actually think it looks better than the one shown.Anyway, I primarily use a calculator when doing the bills/finances and sometimes for quick calculations while working (programming...it's easier to do that then actually write up some calculations in a program when the calculations are simple). My biggest concerns are:- Visibility (screen and buttons need to be clear and easy to read from arms length)- Function (I need memory, the usual math, and things like percent and +/- minimum)- Speed/Usability (it shouldn't be slow, of course, and the button organization shouldn't make my life harder)This calculator basically meet all of these challenges with an added bonus or two. The buttons and display are very clear (I think the dark text on lighter buttons actually works better than the pictured light on dark) and I'm already used to tapping things out. I'm a big guy with big fingers but the way this is laid out I never have a problem.The added bonus here is the tax and grand total features. The tax feature lets you set a tax rate and then use +Tax and -Tax buttons to quickly add tax to items (i.e. enter 10 -> hit +Tax => Displays 10.825 for a 8.25% tax rate). Hitting it again will show you how much the tax was (it basically toggles between the total with tax and the tax itself). I don't use this feature nearly enough but if you deal with sales tax or realistically if you deal with a regular percentage (discounts, processing fees) that gets added or removed from a starting value, this feature's for you.The Grand Total feature is another useful one that lets you tally up a series of calculations, like you'd expect, so you can calculate a grand total. You hit the Grand Total button twice then for each calculation hit Grand Total again to rack it up. For example, if you're adding up a number of items, you can multiple the quantity with the unit price and hit the tax button to get a line item total. Then hit Grand Total to add it to the overall total. Do that a few more times then when you've hit Grand Total with the last item you'll have your running tally. This reminds me of my TI's parentheses function where I could do a "sub-calculation" while stringing together a series of calculations rather than having to jot down or hit memory add. And, sure, this is basically like using memory add (M+) and memory recall (RM) but it feels better/easier since with a single button hit you get the add and the display of the current running total.Overall, I'm really loving this calculator at the moment...assuming it lasts as long, this could be my new TI for the next 20 years. It's definitely slanted towards business and office use but it doesn't have a ton of advanced features that could get in the way for personal or basic school use. It's not a pocket calculator (it's almost the size of a DVD case) though it's light and easy to toss in a brief or backpack.Before the age of checkbook register smartphone apps, I dutifully turned to this calculator to balance my checkbook. I'd tried other calculators, but they were either too small, the keys were too close together, the display too small, or something else made them less than ideal. With this one, it stays in place on my desk, it has a large display, the buttons are laid out intuitively, it goes well with my modern decor, and it has both battery and solar power. This calculator would be good for home of business use, but would not be suitable for a student since it does not come with a case and probably would not stand up to being thrown around in a backpack, locker, or desk.Really like this calculator.  Big numbers, big buttons.Small tip: I glued a rubber strip to little leg on back - helped with it not sliding around my table.I give this product five stars because of how easy it is to use.  I like it because of how nice it is to use.  I recommend this product to everybody.The Epson Photo Stylus 2200 is a truly impressive photo quality inkjet printer. We recently bought a used 2200 to use in our small business for printing product pictures and custom images for retail sales on very heavy card stock. The results have been nothing short of amazing!The main features that made this the right choice for us were:+ Individual ink cartridges - saves money in the long run since you only replace the ones that are empty (a good deal can be found hereEpson 7 Color Ink Set with Photo Black for the Stylus Photo 2200 Inkjet Printer.)+ Accepts Very Thick Card Stock - using the rear feed port+ Outstanding Prints - the output is nothing short of amazingMy only complaint is that the rollers do need to be cleaned on occasion, but good instructions are found in the user manual. Hint: if you don't have the cleaning pad that came with the printer, use a bit of a cotton material wrapped on the thin edge of a ruler.Vista drivers (both 32 and 64 bit) can be downloaded from the Epson website.This is a very good printer and they can now be found for a reasonable priced on the used market! Highly Recommended!1.  For baseline, I have used an Epson 1280 for the past two years.2.  The only reason to get this printer is if one wants longer life prints.  The print quality / image is MORE difficult to achieve with this printer--not impossible, but more difficult.  Overall, the paper profiles are fairly good (epson papers)--the colors are fairly accurate.  However, the prints are definitely &quot;flatter&quot; (ie less contrast, less saturation) compared to the 1280--this can be worked around to a large extent by simply increasing contrast (esp the black point) and saturation...around by 10 points.3.  Overall, I like the 1280 prints better to a slight degree, but if viewed by itself without a comparison print, the prints from the 2200 are good.  Furthermore, with the increase in print life, overall it's a decent compromise for me.  One has to evaluate their own priorities to see if it would be worth it for them.This printer is the biggest ink hog I have ever seen. If you download the optional ink reserve software you can actually see your expensive inks disappear. Granted, when the printer is working properly you can get wonderful images. If you are not constantly printing, the nozzles will clog. It is almost impossible to find anyone to work on these printers because the nozzles are built into the printer. After throwing a couple hundred down the drain on this printer, I smartened up and bought a Canon Pro9000. My new Canon is a wonderful wide format printer with easy installation and the nozzle cartridge is removable!I have had my epson 2200 for ten years now, and it is still going strong. Yes, it uses a lot of ink, and yes, the ink is expensive, but the results are well worth it. I find it works better if it is used often.This is not a printer for the timid. However, if you are willing to spend the time learning about the color management, and calibrations, the unit delivers spectacular prints.I am particularly impressed with the print quality from this machine. I use the velvet fine art paper, and find the prints are extremely stable, and the colors do not fade or shift.The Epson 2200 set the standard for the pro-sumer photo printer. I've had one since 2003 and I still love it. I am a professional photographer, but I use the 2200 for many of my personal (as opposed to professional) projects. I work in a very modern photo studio that regularly updates its technology; be it photo gear, computers, projectors, printers, software, etc. Yet, I often find myself using my trusty 2200 again and again. It is the versatility and simplicity that brings me back. Sure, it uses ultrachrome ink and can be configured for most papers. My personal projects tend to be heavy in black/white images and the 2200 gives a professional and consistent look to my work. I use only matte papers with the 2200 as the glazing effect produced on pearl, luster or gloss papers is distracting and unprofessional. 2200's printers can now be acquired for a pittance. Though I have several other printers in my work flow, I might very well buy another 2200 if mine were to go down. These are a steal for hobbyists that want to play with printing professional archival black and white images.Works like a champ!!  I'm having a lot of trouble with nonprofit groups calling to fundraise.  Repeated calls to their membership offices yielded no relief and I hate to simply not give money to worthy causes in order to stop their dial-a-beggars.  (I still will give money, but I had one group calling me eight times a day!  Enough!!)  What's worse is that a lot of these groups also raise money by selling the names and addresses of their donors to similar groups, so you really wind up getting a lot of calls.I got my TeleZapper for around $10, installed it four days ago, and believe me, it is already paying off.  A dozen calls a day from the dreaded "toll free number" or "out of area" callers have now dwindled to nearly zero.  I use caller ID with mine as well, so hopefully I'd be able to simply return a call from an organization I actually would want to speak to.I'm leaving off one star because my Zapper is LOUD - when you pick up the phone it emits those three tones that are at the beginning of most phone company "we're sorry, you have reached a number that has been disconnected" recordings, and if you're not careful to wait a second or two before putting it to your ear it'll blow your mind.  There may be some way to turn it down, though.  It'd be swell if you could simply press a switch to make it do its thing instead of having to listen to the tones on every call, but it's a small price to pay for freedom from incessant 800-number calls.I'll tell you this - I'll not be without one of these gizmos again.  I couldn't find any other workable options - my phone company won't allow customers to block calls on an individual basis.  Now I can read a book or watch a program without being interrupted by fundraisers.  Thanks Telezapper!  Let me know when you guys develop a program that'll get me off the mailing lists of all the solicitors, too...:)If you're fed up with half-wits pestering you at home in the evening, this device is a godsend. I had been receiving an average of three calls each evening, which I tried to deal with by turning down the answering machine. But I still heard the 'beep' each time a call was received. Worse yet, some of the callers felt the need to leave a message.The TeleZapper cuts off these calls before they even get to your answering machine, or to you. There are competing products that cost less, but this one is the most effective that I've found.I used to get marketing calls almost every day with calls in the months leading up to the holidays hitting my phone both in the morning and evening.Finally I had enough of the marketing call hassle and decided to fight back.  I put a TelezZapper on my Christmas &quot;wish list&quot; and received one as a gift.  I was a little skeptical about the thing and wasn't really sure if it would work but a few days after getting the unit the TeleZapper was on my phone line and I was waiting for the first telemarketer call to arrive to get zapped.  I was also waiting to see if it would zap my DSL connection since it's on the same phone line.I didn't have to wait very long.  The phone rang, I picked up the receiver, and in about a second I heard the tri-tone signal, and then said "hello" ... the line was silent.  I called out again and got no response.  I just zapped my first telemarketer and it was great!I booted up my computer to test my DSL line and it didn't skip a beat.  I also checked my caller ID and it still registered numbers.Finally, something that actually seems to work!A few things to note: Re-record your message machine to allow a 2-3 second gap at the beginning so that the Telezapper can beep and not garble the beginning of your message. Tell your friends about the device on your phone and tell them not to hang up when they hear the tones.  Some of my friends just thought they got a wrong number and hung up to try again. If you're not expecting any calls you may want the call to go to your answering machine first to get zapped and then pick up after you're sure there's a voice at the other end of the line. If you pick up the receiver before your answering machine picks up, wait for the tones to go off before putting the receiver to your ear -- the tones are loud.Overall this is a great little unit and it really does work with my marketing calls dropping by at least 90%.The next thing I need to do is to place the TeleZapper on my 2nd line -- my fax line -- to get rid of all those junk faxes!Our business fax # used to get several unsolicited faxes each day. NO MORE! At 3+ cents each for paper and toner, we are saving over $30 PER YEAR (and the environmental savings of ~1000 PAGES PER YEAR!)It doesn't affect the normal operation of the fax in any way. The only "con" is that 1-2 per week still get through and you have to listen to those beeping tones every time there is an incoming or outgoing fax.Fair trade off.HIGHLY RECOMMENDEDDoing a simple internet search will take you down the path to finding this product currently for $29.97.  Do not pay this seller twice it's value, especially since most of us don't have land lines anymore.  Anyone selling it for so much is trying to unload their inventory and get their money back.  Buyer beware and do your research.  That being said, any device that sends out the "disconnected line" tones will be effective against robocalls.  Other cheaper options are to download the sound of a fax machine onto your laptop and play that when you see a robocall come in.  Of course you'd only be successful at that method if you kept getting repeat robocalls from the same unknown area code.If you really want to have fun with these "poor souls just trying to eek out a living like anyone else" just tie them up on the phone for a long time.  They get paid by the number of calls they handle and the number of scams they pull off.  So tie up their time and you can have a small passive-aggressive victory dance around the dinner table.  Don't yell or get angry at them.  They're already locked and loaded for those calls.  Plus it will just get your adrenaline going and make you angry.  Nothing good will come of that other than you being angry.  They're just going to call someone else and so on and so on.  Just pretend like you care about what they're saying and drag on their conversation for a long while.Other options for meddling with them are blasting a loud whistle or horn in the phone (but some digital phones will cut out the loud noise.  So that doesn't always work.  I've also had success pretending to be a business when I see the caller ID and recognize the robocall area code (NYC in this case).  Once they realize it's a business they called the operator will usually take you off the list because a business isn't engageable in a personal currency scam.  In the end they'll always be harrassing you as long as you have a phone (like junk mail in your mailbox).  Even if your number is unlisted these machines will randomly dial numbers at digital speeds.  So don't think the machines can't get through.I bought my parents a telezapper back in 2000 when they first came out. It's still going strong and the longer you have it the more effective it is as you are gradually purged from more and more databases. I recently bought two more of these, the new model TZ900's that are now sold. I have one at my residence and at my office. The one for my house arrived and did not work. The one at my office arrived and worked for 2 months then died. There is no manual on the telezapper website nor are there any instructions included when I bough these through amazon. After much searching I found that there is a CR2032 Lithium battery inside of the new models!!!!! Changed the battery out and they are back in business. I think that alot of these are old stock so they show up with dead or near dead batteries in them. If telezapper would put some documentation up that would help immensely. I will be adding a second unit at my office for my fax line to help weed out junk faxes soon.Anyhow, if your TZ has quit working try changing the batter. There are 2 screws on the bottom to remove. Then pull the top and bottom pieces apart and that will expose the CR2032 battery on the top of the circuit board. Slide it out and slide the new one in then button it back up.I actually have the earlier model of the TeleZapper -- the one that's the size of a small answering machine. The product does exactly what it is designed to actually do, and it does so reliably. But the real question is does what the product actually do stand up to it's marketing as a way to stop telemarketers from calling you.The answer is, to some degree, sort-of.The way it works is this: The telemarketer calls you. You (or your answering machine) answers the call, and the TeleZapper beeps. If the telemarketer is using the right equipment to recognize that tone as being a non-working number, the telemarketer will automatically disconnect from the call, and theoretically delete your phone number from the list it is using.So let's look at this closer. Your phone still rings. If you (or your answering machine) does not answer the ringing phone, the beep-tone is never heard by the telemarketer's equipment. The result of not answering the phone is the same with or without the TeleZapper.Okay, so we have to answer the phone once. But after that one time aren't we deleted from the lists they all use? Well, no. There are lots of lists out there. Some are used only once. Doesn't do much good to be removed from a list that will never be used again. But in all fairness, you will be removed from a few lists that might have gotten used again.My personal experience was that initially there was no change in the number of calls. It took some time before any of those beeps my TeleZapper made had any effect on whether or not I was going to get called again. During this first period, I still got to talk to a lot of telemarketers because they weren't using equipment that the TeleZapper had any effect upon.After about three or four months, I realized that there were far fewer times that I answered the phone, and no one was there. That could mean one of two things: Either the TeleZapper was working, and I was really was being taken off the lists, or telemarketers stopped using the kind of equipment that's stopped by the TeleZapper.It's been over a year now, and it's just been in the last two weeks that things changed again. I'm now suddenly again getting lots of calls with no one there. My speculation is that the TeleZapper worked, and I was taken off of quite a few lists, but now there are new lists out there that include my name.You can't really control who calls you on the phone any more than you can control which people you pass on the street will say something to you. But just as there are things that you can do to discourage people you pass from saying something to you, there are things you can do to discourage telemarketers from calling you. The TeleZapper can be a part of your arsenal, but don't expect it to be the best tool you can use. And since the TeleZapper doesn't start to do anything unless you (or your answering machine) picks up the phone, don't expect this tool to take the lead, either.So the TeleZapper functions. It does have some effect. Is it worth the price? Well, I don't have any regrets about spending the money, but I wouldn't do it again. If your state has a no-call list, the fee to be included on that list is probably going to get you a better bang for your buck.On the other hand, if you're not as assertive as I can be with Telemarketers, the TeleZapper saves you from having to speak directly to sone telemarketers, so the price may be worth it to you.This paper was not really of the high quality standards I have come to expect from Mead products in the past. While it is fine for it's intended purpose and useable I find the thickness of the paper to be extremely thin and the lines on the backside of some of the pages from this pack were so faded I had trouble seeing them.  Honestly, I expected better.This paper is unbelievably cheap,  bought it for standard school supplies.  My son uses it for homework,  and uses his eraser extensively while doing so! The paper is thin but it has never torn.  He does only use one side,  but that is his preference,  and his teachers find that easier to mark too.Would definitely buy again.SFI certified sourcing addresses the 90 percent of the world's forests that are not certified. Program participants must show that the raw material in their supply chain comes from legal and responsible. As long as you are going to use paper, you might as well be responsible.I have atrocious handwriting. So atrocious that I have reverted mostly to block printing versus Script. My second problem is keeping an even line on the page. This "Mead Filler Paper, College Ruled, 200 Sheets (15326)" solves my mind problem. Just a note the ruling is on both sides of the page.I cannot speak to bleed through on calligraphy inks; I use a gel ball pen and there is no bleed through whatsoever.I suggest you buy several of these packs as you will be surprised how quick you go through the pages.Not a lot to say about notebook paper. This is clearly lined and average weight. One of those staples everyone needs on hand.This is basic three ring, college ruled filler paper. The product has the "SFI Certified Sourcing" trademark on the product. I didn't know what that is so I googled it. It's a responsible forestry organization. Check for yourself:  [...]  However, $7 for 200 sheets of paper is a bit pricey for me.The thing is, I expect paper in North America to be 8 1/2 x  11, NOT a smaller size. Which is what this filler paper is. It's decent quality, maybe 16# paper, which is acceptable, no excess weight and not ultra-thin and ultra-cheap paper which feels impoverished and low-grade. The holes are cleaned drilled, the edges are crisp. The lines are a bit weak, and I'm comparing this filler paper to the &#34;TOPS Notebook Filler Paper, College Ruled, 11 x 8.5 Inches, 3-Hole Punched, Medium Weight, White, 500 Sheets/Pack (62349)&#34; I've been buying for my kids the past few years. The TOPS paper is ***full size*** which is a big deal to me. The paper weight is about equal to the Mead Filler Paper. The holes and page trim and equally clean. The printed lines, the greenish horizontal and the red vertical, are stronger than the Mead paper.This is good filler paper, but if I were you I'd buy the TOPS Notebook Filler Paper instead, mostly because it's full sized 8 1/2 x 11 and also because the printing of the lines (&#34;rules&#34;) is stronger.This paper has a very fine grain with a smooth finish that is friendly to most any writing instrument. It is also dense enough not to allow bleed-through of liquid ink pens. With standard college ruling and three hole punch, this is a traditional choice in paper.I guess I remember what these packs of paper were like when I was in school (which was some years ago now).  I remember them being thicker than this, but it's not like the product I got was too thin.  I saw another review saying you can't write on both sides of the paper with ink.  I wouldn't go quite that far, but it is a bit &#34;thinnish&#34;.Still, having said that it is what it is.  A pack of paper that you can put in your binder and write stuff on.  It's fine.  Makes great paper airplanes, too.  :)There's not much to say except this Mead paper is a useful product. I use Mead lined paper for my students so they can write notes and essays with ease. This is a good product.As some have said this paper is a touch on the cheap side, it's the sort of stuff you'd probably just use for taking class notes which would be transcribed later if you intended to keep them. As a cheap filler paper for kids it's not a bad idea, but anyone who's going to do a lot of erasing could use a step up.Mead provides a good basic (cheap) paper that will no doubt meet the needs of most high school or even college age students.  However, I find the paper to be thinner than expected which may be an issue for those who exert significant pressure when they write or those who rely on their trusty eraser to get them through the day.  It's OK - nothing great - a good utilitarian option.Pricing Note (not part of the review):The price as I write this review is $1.46 for 200 sheets of college-ruled filler paper.  That is the delivered price if you are an Amazon Prime member or combine with other products to get Super Saver Shipping.  Yes, Prime Members can literally buy this and have it delivered anywhere in the US - in 2 days - for $1.46!  If the price is higher as you read this review you may want to consider coming back at the start of the next school season and stocking up.Loved by my daughter. She filed it in a binder and used for writing lot of reports during the summer break. Reasonably thick, nice rulers and good for kids!Needed HP 56 Ink Cartridge for my HP Printer as thestore in my area had sold out at the time. To myrescue logged onto amazon.com and was able to orderHP 56 ink cartridge without any problem, also greatprice.  Will order again.Thanks amazon.comIf you have an HP machine that requires an HP 57 ink cartridge, then this is your product. The price is consistent wherever you go, but Amazon delivers to your door saving the trip for ink.What's to say - this is an OEM HP ink cartridge from HP.  It performs exactly as you'd expect.  The price from amazon is good.  The only way you'll typically beat their price on this is either buying in bulk at a warehouse club  or to buy a remanufacturered cartridge or ink kit.  The former is risky as printer prices drop so fast you can end up with more ink than you need at a price higher than a new printer, and the latter which can be messy and sometimes impact print quality if you get low end stuff.Any frustrations I've experienced over my HP 5610 All In One printer were minimalized  when, after opening this black ink cartridge, I found a postage paid mailer for sending the empty cartridge off to be recycled.  I love HP for that.Products such as these can be very convenient to purchase online. This is one of those products.I always use OEM inkjet cartridges because of problems in the past.  I'll never use one of the refill cartridges again.  The price here at amazon was better than I could get elsewhereThis is one of those cases where you get what you pay for. I tried the re-fill route, and was not at all pleased - one cartridge leaked, another worked fine for a short while then started to produce smeary text. Bit the bullet and went back to the real HP 56 cartridge (this is for an HP all-in-one) and have never had a problem since. Cost a bit more, but they work perfectly.Amazon has a great deal if you set it up as a regular order - lower price and free shipping. Also, don't forget you can get $3 at Staples if you turn in your empty cartridges there.After buying generic ink cartridges on-line at various ink cartridge suppliers and having to return them because they are dried out, I now use HP Ink Cartridges and think Amazon prices are very good.  For my HP 5610, I buy the 56 rather than the 27 black ink cartridge.Way to go Amazon!I loved using this product in my school printer.  I often had to buy ink myself due to lack of fundsBuy HP ink and never get screwed, they just work as promised, the same goes for their printers too best in the business.Amazon had the best price, even better than the so-called discount retail stores I checked.  The packaging and quality were excellent and it arrived in a timely manner.Stick with the original, generic inks will damage your machine. The print quality is better with HP and the ink does not dry out fast in the machine.This is quality, original HP Ink at its best.  You must have HP ink if your want the better photo finish.Presently the Amazon price for a new one, especially for customers who have Prime, is unmatched.  You might save a few bucks with refurbs, but I sure haven't had much luck with them.  Should you go with a refurb, be sure that you use your printer on a regular basis.  They dry up faster than new ones, requiring multiple recleanings (and wasting of the "good" cartridge's ink) and occasionally simply refusing to come back to life. If you do purchase a refurb from an Amazon vendor and are dissatisfied with its performance, don't write reviews panning the cartridge as though it were Amazon's or Hewlitt Packard's fault.The printer design allows accumulation of crud so when you install this keep your fingers away from the cradle it rides in, otherwise it's OK.I like that the phone is wall hangable and desktop mountable. I don't like the fact that it does not have a digital display. If it had a digital display this would have been a 5 star phone. My mistake, I thought all phones had a digital display. Otherwise, it rings and you can talk on it : )120 days later the dialing function no longer works. Very poor quality construction. Too bad, this was a nice phone initially.Maybe I overlooked the information, but you can't use just any regular headset or earphones with this unit. You have to purchase the Panasonic KX-TCA400 headset. The unit does not come with the optional headset, and the two models they did this in the instruction guide are discontinued. I purchased this phone particularly for the hands-free feature; it will be useful if they pointed out that only a specified headset works with the phone.Great business phone. Has ample amplification and works great with the headset they recommend. I use it for LiveOps and it has paid for itself already.Great phone, great price. I purchased to use mainly when I am not home to use with my magic jack where there is free wi-fi and also at home  if I lose power. If you lose power, landline cordless phones will not work but this one will.I bought this as an auxillary phone.  We've got an answering machine and a fax machine, but I needed an additional phone to be by the computer in my downstairs office and I wanted a speakerphone so when I was telecommuting I could call into meetings and listen to them without holding a receiver up to my ear.I was convinced to buy this phone by the string (until recently aftet I placed my order) of rave reviews for this phone, combined with the terrible reviews for so many other speakerphones that cost less.I've only had this phone for a few days, but I can say that it is attractive and seems to be built well.  I called in to work and tried out the speakerphone and it seemed to work well on both ends.  I heard the other party fine and the other party did said I sounded good.I like the uncluttered controls with big number buttons and big buttons for volume and speakerphone.  I didn't have to pay for a lot of features that I don't need.This phone also has the added bonus of a headset input, so if I ever need to talk a whole lot from my home office, I could get a headset and talk while keeping both hands free.  So far, so good.Postscript:  It's September of 2007 and the speaker volume is now impossible to control and the unit seems to be buzzing.  I can't use it for conference calls anymore.  I guess I'll buy another one, but I'll look around first.OOPS! I forgot that this phone is powered by three AA batteries.  They need to be replaced on occasion.  When they start running down, the speakerphone gets squirrely.  So, I replaced them and now the phone works fine.I own several. They work great, high quality sound and look nice, work flawlessly.  Have used them for years and yearsFor a simple no bells and whistles phone, this did the trick. There is an ability to put batteries in the thing, but I don't know why. Just plugging it into the wall works well and I have had no complaints. This has been good for work at home jobs as well as when the electricity goes out. In a pinch, when the cordless is dead, we also use this phone.as advertised and does everything it says it will.  Speakerphone does a nice job.UPDATE -  LOWER TO 2 STARS.After a couple months operation the speakerphone portion of the unit becomes worthless.I purchased this 2 months ago... It has worked well (as I had expected). One thing would be nice to have is the ability to click on "Speakerphone" without lifting the handset. The documentation is not clear in this regard. I have tried different options but the only way I have been able to use the speakerphone was to first lift the handset... I need to do some online research to see if I am missing something.Otherwise... the product is excellent!As noted in one of the reviews.  The software is in great, but the fact it is powered by USB is one less chord to worry about.  I recommend it to anyone interested in a cheap portable scanner.  You'll fall in love with it.  Again, don't expect too much and we pleasantly surprised.One thing I love the auto crop feature when I scan a photo it crops it in the final image.  Instead of having a big white area where there was no photograph.  It is cool.Peace outI bought this scanner back in 2004.  I do a lot of digital art and at the time I needed a scanner that will scan in very high resolution.  Resolution can get up to 1200 x 2400 dpi.  Usually I only need 600, but it's great having the option.  4 years later I'm still using it, and it still works perfectly.  The only problem is it's slow, and a little loud when it's scanning.  This is worse depending on how high you have the resolution set.  But I wont be replacing it any time soon because for now it completely meets my needs.Even if you don't get the current rebate from Canon, this scanner is an amazing bargain.Pros (besides the price):The form factor is fantastic. It's small and light and saves desktop space, and is portable if you need that. And I really appreciate that it doesn't require a power adapter: one less cable and one less plug-in. It looks attractive (and goes very well with a PowerBook, by the way).Great scans. I'm using Mac OS X and VueScan, a third party scanning software which works with a multitude of scanners, many times better than the manufacturer's software.Acceptable speed. The speed isn't going to blow anyone away, but it certainly wasn't painfully slow, especially at 300 dpi, which is all I generally need. (Primarily digital presentations, web work, and the occasional old photograph.)I'm using it to replace a very expensive, but several years old HP ScanJet. The ScanJet is just taking up too much space, and is overkill for what I really need.Cons:Materials to be scanned must sit flush against the glass, so it isn't designed to scan 3 D objects, if you need that capability.I read the great reviews here (and elsewhere) on the LiDE 30, prompting me to buy the newer, faster 50. I have USB 2.0 ports and wanted the better performance ? and wasn't disappointed! The 50 can scan a full 8.5x11 color image in less than 30 seconds at 300dpi, including several seconds for the scan mechanism to reposition itself afterward. The optional &quot;preview&quot; was so fast it wasn't worth timing. My guess is 5 seconds or so for the above preview.I won't rehash all the nice features of this scanner since many of you have read the LiDE 30 reviews. It seems to be an LiDE 30 with impressive USB 2.0 Hi-Speed performance added. It's also capable of generating 48bit color output and 16bit monochrome output, whereas the liDE 30 is half that, not that this is really important. 24bit is 16 million colors and 281 trillion colors is something I don't relate to.Aside from speed, I was pleased with the space saving design and attractive &quot;stainless steel&quot; appearance. The scanner bed has sufficiently high edges to allow me to easily position a sheet of paper in proper alignment, without it trying to climb over the edge. A lot of human engineering went into this product!Windows XP really loves this machine. The software installed without the slightest hiccup. This scanner is as hot-pluggable as any device could be. XP recognizes its presence and absence immediately. Even though the LiDE series requires no power source other than from the USB port (boy do I enjoy the absence of another power brick!), I prefer to remove power from the scanner when it's not in use and it's a snap to pull the cable from the front USB port. (If you're curious, the LiDE requires 498mA against the standard USB output of 500mA. Probably 10% or less of the current draw of CCD technology scanners.)The package comes with some impressive looking software but all I wanted to do was scan images from PaintShop Pro and Adobe Acrobat and enjoy convenience copying. There is appx. 500MB of software if you load everything but I only installed the XP Driver and the CanoScan Toolbox. I did this not because I didn't want the other software, but really to see if the scanner would be fully functional without it (including the 4 &quot;one-touch&quot; buttons).I was glad to discover that the CanoScan Toolbox has everything that's required to Copy, Scan to a program (PaintShop Pro?), Scan to email, and Scan to a file (including a PDF file). You may like some of the other programs they offer if you want to try your hand at OCR, manage photo albums, and similar tasks. I did install the Adobe Photoshop Essentials 2.0 because I respect Adobe software and wanted to see what this entry level image editing program can do. Not counting the 95MB for Photo Essentials, the driver and Toolbox took only around 30MB or less out of the potential 500MB.The CanoScan Toolbox is very functional, impressive software. It allows you to setup 7 discrete type of scans with their unique resolutions, scan method (color, grayscale, etc.), paper size, your printer, specify your pet image editing program, etc. Then, you can associate your choice of 4 of these 7 functions with any of the 4 physical buttons at the front of the scanner. Canon has preset reasonable defaults.There are a couple negatives to be aware of. CIS technology, as has been reported by some LiDE 30 users, is sensitive to the item scanned hugging the glass. This is quite true and even a thin pamphlet will produce a distorted scan, especially at page edges and corners where there's curl. The solution is to press the lid down to flatten the page against the glass. Consider this if you do a lot of scanning from magazines and books.Another negative is my mild disappointment with the automated scan functions and single button functions --- a bit overrated in my opinion. Scanning to a program or file creates a JPG file first and then saves it and/or gives it to the image editing program. The quality of that JPEG was not to my satisfaction and I'd rather have the imaging program manage the scan and work with the raw scan data.PDF files can be created automatically but may be a bit bloated and can have a grayish background. This can be improved considerably by choosing &quot;Text Enhancement&quot; or &quot;Black and White&quot; as the scanning mode. If you want to create an occasional PDF file, the Toolbox can do it for you rather easily.The scanner appears to be durable. I scanned 120 8.5x11 color glossies over a 2 day period and it didn't breathe hard or make any strange sounds. It's also pretty quiet, in my view, although a few have complained it was loud. It could easily be used in a home office environment while you're talking on the phone.Today I called Canon's technical support to ask some &quot;how-to&quot; questions. It was not toll-free but I got through very quickly and the technician was extremely courteous, knowledgeable, and generous of his time. After one year, they will continue to help but at only $10 an incident. Very good first impression here!I hope you learned something about the LiDE 50 and its software and technology from this review. If you're on the fence between Canon and another vendor, you'd likely be happy with the LiDE series. If you're on the fence between the LiDE 30 and 50, you'd save $$$ and probably be just as happy with the 30 if you don't have USB 2.0 capability or plan to install a PCI USB 2.0 adapter. (Canon explicitly supports a wide array of Adaptec adapters.)Good luck with your decision and enjoy the Canon experience if you take the plunge.I have been using the Canon LIDE 30 scanner for seven years and it continues to do an excellent job for me.  It is relatively small (measuring 10.1 x 15.1 x 1.3 inches), compact and light.  It does not have a power transformer or cable, but gets its power from the computer via the USB cable.  It will slip into my computer bag and is conveniently portable.  It scans pages up to 8.5 x 11.7 inches (not legal size), will scan in black and white, grayscale or color, and will scan resolutions up to 1200 x 2400 dpi.  The scanning speed varies according to page size and color and resolution selection.  The scanner comes with its own set of software, which gives the user the ability to control scanning quality and is not too difficult to learn. This includes a limited "Special Edition" copy of Scansoft OCR scanning software; I have since bought the full copy, which I continue to update.  Buttons on the front of the unit provide quick access to scan your document, print a copy, or email your document.  The innovative Z-Lid also adjusts to allow scanning thick documents or books.I regularly use the scanner to copy documents, including photos, to digital files so that I don't need to retain lots of paper.  I have found it to be a great convenience and highly recommend it.  Presumably its successor scanner has only gotten better.Unfortunately, Windows 7 is incompatible with this scanner, so I have kept my older Windows XP computer as a scanning station.I ordered this stand thinking it would be a useful Christmas present for my daughter and son-in-law who will be spending the next year or two writing their doctoral dissertations. Unfortunately, it came in today when I needed to type a bunch from some papers so I set it up in front of my iMac. It fits between the screen and the keyboard perfectly and the tilt is adjustable so I can place it just under the screen view. I also like the elastic line guide, which I found useful in keeping my place on the pages.First, it's great and I again I find myself asking why I don't own more 3M stock. I will get the kids another one because I'm keeping this longer format one for me. It allows me to place a book or 2 sheets of paper (I can just about squeeze in a 3rd) across the clear, flat plastic surface and easily see what I am looking at, which is a way more comfortable feat for these 50 year old eyes. Surprisingly, the clear surface appears to be high grade optical plastic and does not distort images underneath. It's a marked improvement over those flimsy aluminum or plastic typewriter paper trays from earlier years.Second, it rates only a "pretty good" and not an "Ah, ha" from those 3M engineers. I guess it cannot be helped that the stand eats up a foot of prime desk space. This is unhelpful when its use is not necessary. The design suggests it is kind of meant to be semi-permanently fixed: The feet are study with substantial weight to hold heavier papers and such which is good. BUT, I'm going to have to be very careful--where the feet attach to the plastic surface is flimsy, not reinforced and bond to break if occasionally moved. I guess that is why the assembly instructions tell you it takes only 30 seconds to attach the base to the feet rather than provide better detail on how to attach. So be warned, this is a handy, very useful product; but, unless you use it continually, you will need to assemble and disassemble the parts to move it to and from your desk. I'm keeping the packaging box for storage. At least it has a 5 year warrantee which I bet will be much used, 3M.And I'm still buying another one for the kids; I'll probably break down again and get the wider format. And to other members of my family who sometimes sit at my large desk at home: "Donna toucha the merchandize; you break it, I cotoffa you fingar and maka cheZe outta it".This product works exactly as you'd expect it to, it holds your books up with no fuss. The setup was pretty simply despite the truly atrocious instructions (the pictures don't even make any sense) and it seems sturdy enough to last many years.If someone gave me this product for $15, even $20, I would be impressed and recommend it to everyone I know. But the asking price here (the MSRP is over a hundred bucks!!!) is just out of control. It's so ridiculous that I found myself searching for some hidden feature (built-in LED lights, diamond encrusted accessories) that could possibly make it worth that much.Long story short: Great product, but you'd have to be out of your mind to pay this much for plastic.I got this looking for a simple copy holder...I was easily deceived by the picture thinking it would be much less than it is!  It has a large footprint and it's got a significant weight to it...it really will hold up to 300 sheets!  I do find that for some reason, the little elastic cord that runs across it to hold your paper against the back seems to pop off when not in use, so if you move it around frequently to make room for other things (as I mentioned, it's rather large), you run the risk of losing that cord.I got this product for my wife who was complaining about losing her place in cookbooks while working.  It has worked great!  She is able to put her largest cookbooks, or 3-ring binders, or loose sheets on this holder, and with the elastic strap she never loses her spot.  The holder hasn't tipped over, with heavy books.  Keeping the books upright also makes following the recipes easier.  It does take up some space, but fits above our cabinets, but it could be a concern for some.This is a handy tool for holding up heavy books if you do a lot of transcribing. I find it most suitable for an office setting. However, it takes up quite a bit of space on your desk, and barely leaves space for anything else. If you're not using it you will probably want to fold it and put it away, but then bringing out the heavy stand each time can be time consuming. So unless you do a lot of copying of books etc., it will not be used as much. I really don't find it very useful in the kitchen like some others, as I hardly ever cook from cook-books. And when I do once in a while I'll just leave a cook book open on the counter in a clear plastic bag, rather than use this stand as it takes up a lot of space and is not meant to be moved around a lot.I found it to be a nice way to hold 2 side-by-side information sheets at a booth or on a counter top in a store. Although, it is very nicely built, the price still seems a bit high. I got mine to test through the Vine program but I don't think I'd have bought one unless I really needed it.3M is a good company. I trust the quality of their products and generally regard them as good value, but I have to admit to being a bit disappointed in this design. This copy holder has good capacity and very solidly constructed legs. But the large piece of clear plastic at its core feels flimsy for the scale of the item, and at a manufacturer retail price of $109, I'd expect more solidity. I'm afraid to tighten the legs too much for fear of cracking the plastic.Another potential drawback to the item, depending on your set up, is its size. To hold 300 sheets, it has to be big, and it is. It claims to be "Designed to position directly between monitor and keyboard just below monitor." If your desk (like mine) has a pull out drawer for your keyboard, you're not going to be able to put this below the monitor. You need 4" for the feet. You'll have to put it in front of or to the side of the monitor, presuming you have 4" of depth and 11" of width to play with. (Fortunately for me, I do.)Those concerns aside, the unit seems to work as billed. I've tried this out with single sheets of paper, stacks of paper and books, and it has performed well for me with all of them. The ledge is pretty deep (notThe Riverside Shakespearedeep, but deep enough for most texts), and it is ridged to help hold content in place--a nice supplement to the rubber band that spans across the text. It is flexible in angle. In addition to holding text at the computer, it can easily serve in other capacities where you need books or papers held. It could be of good use in the kitchen holding recipes, at your child's desk helping hold a book for homework, at a side table holding instructions for a hobbyist.At $109, though, it's a luxury. I think it's a luxury even at the ~$60 Amazon is currently asking, but, as with all such items, it comes down to how badly you want it and how much you have to spend. To give it its due, for its capacity the reduced price seems to be if not a bargain, at least compatible with the expense of similar devices from other companies...and, with those solid legs, it looks like a good step forward in quality.For the price I expected better (as did some other reviewers). I shouldn't have spent so much money on this. The quality & design is worth about $25 in my opinion, not what I ended up paying, even on a lightening deal.I'm worried this thing won't last and that it will break at what seems like a weak point where the supports hold the clear plastic piece.So based on the poor value & that it seems it will break at the "weak point", I only feel comfortable giving this 2 stars.UPDATE 2013-03-15: My wife has been using this and so far it's been working well. I'm still concerned about it breaking and don't think the design is the best and still don't think it's worth the current price, but it's holding up and I haven't heard any complaints from my wife. Therefore, I'm upping my rating from 2 to 3 stars.From opening box to ready to use is only about 6-7 mins, nothing to do but attach the weighted legs and put on the movable elastic band that holds pages down.While a great idea, this item is not designed  well for all plastic construction IMO.The only metal I can find is the threaded bolt on the adjustment knobs, and what sounds like steel shot when you shake the base legs.The main plastic support for the books and it's adjustment point are very flimsy and it's a plastic to plastic contact area, no matter how much pressure you put on the tightening knobs you can't stop the legs from flopping side to side by an INCH either way.  Also slips down when you have heavier book on the stand.Thought I must have them attached wrong, but they are correct.Maybe some masking tape under the clamps might close the gaps a bit and make it tighten up better.I would suggest that you never move it around with the legs attached as there is only a very small lip of plastic on the clear back board to keep it all together and when that snaps you will not be able to use that area again.Plastic "legs" are make heavy by filling them with steel shot or BBs through a hold in the bottom and then sealed with a plastic plug pushed in then covered with one of the stick on foam feet.This could be a pretty nice item with the use of a bit of metal in the right places rather than plastic IMO.When I got this product I realized it was extremely heavy and complex to put together. Not exactly what I thought I would be getting.  Then unpacking I realized it took up a huge footprint on my limited desk space. This thing is just too big for a regular person's desk and more fitting to be in some kind of industrial fabrication plant. Seriously, the design is old and not very useful. It's also severely overpriced.The thing is huge and takes up way too much space on my desk, I don't like the legs at all, they are not sturdy and I feel that they should have been made all one piece (like a frame) and then attach to the plastic holder. You can't pick this up with the legs attached. This is also a little high for my monitor. I have a large monitor but it sits a little low on the desk so I can't tilt this thing very far because it then obstructs the view of my monitor. I don't expect it to last long because of all the plastic pieces and the little lip that the legs attach to are not going to be sturdy either.My first thought upon opening the box for this 3M Copy Holder was, "$109 retail?  Really?"  Even Amazon's considerably lower price seems way out of line for what this is.  My complaints:* As another reviewer has noted, the weighted legs are filled with metal balls that are sealed in only by rubber pads that double as non-skid feet.  Over time, those pads are likely to peel up or slowly shift out of place (as rubber protective feet tend to do), resulting in pellets spilling out all over the place.  It is inconceivable to me that 3M didn't seal up the legs better.  This is one of those head-scratching what-were-they-thinking design flaws you especially hate to see in such an expensive product.* The rubber band that holds books open is supposed to double as a place keeper.  It's unlikely anyone would use it thusly very often (unless, perhaps, if leaving their desk for an extended period of time) because each side has to be adjusted separately.* All of the parts seem rather flimsy.  I was afraid of cracking something even while I was snapping it together.  If you do break anything, the holder is ruined.* Some people will take this thing out of the box and intuitively snap everything on, but I'm not among them. The instructions consist of a few black-and-white line drawings that I found wholly unhelpful.  I eventually got it together (by looking at the photo on the front of the instruction pamphlet), but I was a bit frustrated by the experience.  They definitely could have provided better instructions.* This thing is *huge*.  It takes up a lot of space on the desk, and it's slightly cumbersome to fold up for storage.  Because it is shipped disassembled, if you want to use the box it comes in for storage, you will have to disassemble the holder.  As much as this thing costs, a cheap case (to keep the legs from flopping around and to give it some protection) would have been a nice touch.So who would need this thing?  Well, if you need to refer extensively to a book (especially a large, heavy reference book) while typing, this is a good product for that.  If you only need to refer to paper documents, I think one of the many other, less-expensive document holders 3M offers would do as good of a job for a whole lot less, such as the cheap and space-saving3M Document Clipor their3M Desktop Copy Holder.  I thought this souped-up mega version might make a pretty good cookbook holder, but Amazon has a lot of purpose-built products that cost a lot less and would probably function better (for example, the inexpensiveNorpro Acrylic Cookbook Holderor the highly ratedClear Solutions Jumbo Cookbook Holder).Overall, I really can't recommend this 3M Copy Holder.  If it looks like just what you need, maybe it is, but consider having a look at one in person at an office supply store first.Overall, I believe this copy holder to be a good product.Pros*Good looking (although it will most likely be hidden behind copy or a book*Holds books flat (due to elastic band, and bottom lip)*wide enough for to hold two 8 1/2 x 11's*very sturdy (due to the heavy base)Cons*Seems the clear plastic could break (also due to the heavy base)*adjusting the angle is not as easy/accurate as it should beAlso of note: this won't work well as a cookbook holder because there is no splash guard for the booksOn paper this copy holder is a great idea, and with the 3M brand you know it is a quality product. This copy holder helps you keep a book in a slanted upright position so that you can refer to it easily. Thanks to the extra heavy base, it can really be any book, including a dictionary. The elastic band keeps the book open and can serve as a line guide. So what's not to like?It turns out that in everyday use, I start to grow tired of it. First it is the size. 18 inch is REALLY big, which is great if you need to hold a book open or have two sheets of letter-sized paper side-by-side. But when the holder is empty, it's really quite noticeable if left in front of the monitor. Fine, I will remove it when empty. But the base is heavy, and the holder is not easily collapsible. (Both of these are in fact PROS in my mind.)There are a CONS. The elastic band that holds the book open is not easily adjustable if you only want to use one hand. It also seems that this elastic band is the weakest component and will surely break the earliest. But it's hard to tell how long it will hold.Overall, I would say that this is great if you need an industrial grade copy holder on a regular basis, with regular being the keyword here.This was very easy to set up though it was one of those rare occasions when the pictures were not very useful at all.  Basically you just need to open the dials on the base parts so you can fit the clear plastic part in.  It is easier if you figure out the approximate tilt and height you will need for the clear plastic part that supports your written materials before you tighten up the sides but it is fairly amenable to change.  If you are even a little fanatical about all things being exactly even, it will cause you to get out a spirit level because otherwise you will fuss at it for awhile.I work from home and use a variety of research books, some of which are quite large well over the 300 page limit of this page holder; however, if the book fits in the bottom lip, the holder will support it.  I have a roll top desk so by using a variety of heights and drawers, I am able to keep three laptops working at the same time, as well as having four to five research books open.  This opened a whole new level for me in a space that was largely wasted.I really liked the way I was able to get this to drop an open book at sight level between the top shelf and the desktop surface of my desk.  It created a level 1  which is incredibly useful.This is also sturdy.  I have several bookholders, one even fashioned by a metal working friend who noticed that I needed something sturdier for some of my books while she was in my office.  The only advantage over those are that I am able to use clips to hold books open as well as magnets to keep notes in place.  The base on this is able to keep the entire unit as stable as the metal book holders but obviously not hold notes with magnets.  Not a serious problem although I expect I will be using clips on it shortly enough.There are two flaws that bother me. The clear plastic itself: it's like waiting for a ding on a new car.  You want to get it over with so you can go back to being free and easy.  Yes, I'm still waiting for the first scratch so I don't have to be careful anymore.  Understandably this is a strength and a flaw.  The other is that even when I am using books under 300 pages, one side of the base pieces sometimes tilts.  If it comes down, everything on my desk comes down with it.  If the bases were a little heavier, that would make it an even better product.1.  This is a very nice looking, well designed product.  It's simply to assemble, it's easy to adjust and performs the task for which it was intended.  I'm not sure sure or keen on the elastic cord in the sense that I'm not sure how long it's going to last, but so far so good.2.  The only issue folks have to consider prior to purchasing this product is whether they have the desktop space for it.  Review the dimensions; it may be bigger than you think.PROSSturdy and somewhat heavy weight.It's going to hold open most books. Which is what you want.Doesn't cover the bottom of book like some book holders. Only a thing band hides the text.Quality materials.Sits comfortably at desk and holds the book where you can read it.CONSIt's definitely big and a bit deep, so get out a measuring tape and visualize the dimensions on your desk. It needs to be as wide as most hardcover textbook/cookbooks. Unlike some book holders, there is no book overhang over the edge, due to the design.The bottom hinges are a little weak. Like it can too easily fold in on itself. But it hasn't been a problem and can be fixed each time.I wish it DID fold up easily and was more easily adjustable.I wish it had an extra band in case this one gets broken or lost.3M has long been known for their series of office products from the postit note to gizmos like this.  The copyholder allows you to place a reference book, printout, or other material for use in writing a thesis, etc.  The bar allows you to hold your place while working on your computer.The heft and weight of the aparatus is sufficient to hold heavy books or large printouts without tipping over or loosing your place.Years ago, prior to the advent of the xerox machine, a copyholder was an essential desktop aparatus since administrative staff used typewriters and carbon paper to reproduce the original document placed in the copyholder.  Today we write documents on computers and include captions from books.  Another useful feature is organization - all paper documents (statements, bills, etc) can be stacked in the copyholder to pay bills using online banking.  This version can also hold electronic devices next to your pc (Ipad, etc) for easy transfer of data between your ipod and your pc.while not cheap, the 3M version is well built and will last a long timeThis looked wonderful when I first saw it, I happen to like the sleek looking modern design (much more in tune with our decorating then theClear Solutions Jumbo Cookbook Holdercookbook holder I've been using. Yes I said cookbook holder, granted I realize this product is far from being advertised as a cookbook holder but I was hoping for something multipurpose. Cookbook holder, sheet music holder for practice times for my daughter and husband, document holder for my husband or myself, and reference book/sheet holder for our homeschooled daughter as we don't need to use it for all those things at once I hoped this would function well for each as needed.Upon opening the box I was dumbfounded, I'm a college educated adult who has fixed her own dryer and dishwasher along with assembling lots of furniture in our home and yet I stared at this lost, the directions... well they just aren't. I had to go off of the images here online to get it together and I must still be doing something wrong since I've almost put out my eye, my childs eye, and the dogs eye with the darn elastic strap part... it keeps flying off the device and across the room.Also I realized this would be big, but you just don't realize how big until it's set up, and heavy. Great for holding down big books but not making it very moving friendly and between the band and weight not something I'd consider using for my original idea of letting our little girl use it for reference books unless we set it up for her. I also find the band annoying, how it could be a line marker is beyond me as it's not quick nor easy to move and it just ends up being in the way of text, leading to trying to pull it out of the way and ZOOOMMM off it goes across the room again ::sighs::I think I'm going to retire this to our desk for adult use only, making the retail and even amazon price crazy for what it will actually do for us. On a side note the before mentioned cookbook holder that I have is wonderful, lightweight but holds the biggest books with ease, nothing to fling off or put an eye out, and it folds up in seconds to store flat... I highly recommend checking it out if you're looking for something to hold books open (being that it has no real back it wouldn't work well for documents only). I love 3M (could you imagine life w/o sticky notes?) but I think they missed the bar on this one.This thing is HUGE.  You can keep two sheets of paper next to each other and consult both. You can't keep it under the monitor unless your monitor is really high up, and keeping the monitor that high would be really uncomfortable for most people.  Measure that you have the space for it, and are willing to give up that much desk real estate. If so, and if you want that size, it's very nice.The lean is adjustable to any angle you want.  The ledge is enormous. I think the 300 sheet capacity is a little underestimated.  You could push it to hold more than that. It will hold a huge cookbook open to your page.  It'll hold an unabridged dictionary. I put my Kindle DX on it, and it sits there nicely so I can knit and read at the same time.It's strong. It has a cord to hold the papers even if you've got a fan going nearby.  It's perfect, if you need something that big.The main reason it gets four starts not five is that it comes disassembled for no obvious reason, and the instructions are poor, so it's a pain to assemble.  When I assembled it, it fit in the box anyway, so there was no reason not to ship it in one piece.  The cord comes in a bag that's inside a bigger bag.Overall, it's fabulous for the kind of workspace that can support a supersized document holder, and excessive for a more modest sized desk.I rate this as a very useful concept but somewhat poor design.  The legs are too week and they wobble when you move the item as a whole. Also occasionally, the weight of the book at a certain angle causes the unit to slowly collapse and late flat.  As long as you dont overdue the weight of the book and the angle, this is a very nice holder.Install took a few minutes, use is as easy as one could hope.I've bought about 3-4 different copy holders, each collecting dust in my closet due to their limited usefulness (no matter the price).This is the first one I've gotten that works how I want where I want when I want.I can have a large text book open and it'll keep the page open, it'll also work with a smaller paperback book.Mostly I use it to reference my journals (a job that this handles perfectly) as well as other material I print and keep out for reference.By having the strap across the unit you can keep your pages open and it's really easy to change pages.It doesn't get in the way at all, and I rarely move it.  Position it for a book, and keep it there, easy to change pages, easy to remove the book and put another one in it's place.For my needs there could be no better design.  I've given up trying to find one that works, then I got sent this wonderful device.A truly beautiful specimen. Functional in every way.  5 Stars, don't waste your time with other holders.  Not to mention this one looks quite classy in my room.I've used this on my desk, in the kitchen, in the floor, and even on my couch.  I love it and can't recommend it enough.I've used copy holders for years and find them very convenient. My favorite copy holder ever was a little bar that stuck on a CRT monitor and could be folded back against the side of the monitor to move it out of the way when not being used and held it at the perfect eye level when in use. The best part of this holder was that even when it was being used, it took up no real estate on the desk surface. Sadly, that particular style just doesn't work as well with LCD monitors.So I tried the 3M In-line copy holder. I'll admit, I didn't notice when I ordered it that it is 18" wide, although it is clearly stated in the product description. That's my own fault. Still, I can't imagine that many people would be willing to sacrifice an area of their desk 18 inches wide and 11 inches deep to make room for a copy holder. I'm sure there are a few that have some use for a copy holder this big, but I personally don't and consequently find it unwieldy both when I am trying to use it and when I am trying to store it while not in use.In addition, the string that is supposed to hold the pages down pops off and flies across the room very easily - so easily that the guys in my office find it hard to resist once they see it happen accidentally. Boys will be boys, you know. It is extremely aggravating when this occurs on its own while you are trying to use the holder.I do give it points for holding the paper at a good angle and also have to say that the device is very sturdily built, outside of the flimsy elastic string that is meant to hold the pages down.I don't think this copy holder would be a fit for the average user. If you really need something that is extremely wide, then you may want this, but otherwise, keep looking for alternatives that don't take up as much room on your desk and have a better paper holder.This product weighs a ton, or at least way more than a document holder made for sheets of paper.  Also, unless your monitor is well above the desk, anything you put in this will block the screen, plus you need room front to back room between your keyboard and monitor.  Buy this only if you have the space and need the holder for heavy items.  For papers (e.g., contracts, homework) use a document holder that is longer top to bottom (or tape the pages one at a time to a top corner of your monitor).I wasn't sure how excited you could get about a "copy holder", but I had a chance to try it out so I took it. Let me tell you. This thing works great for 2 things.1. Holding cookbooks in the kitchen, did an amazing job holding the cookbook at the right angle to see the recipes.2. Holding an iPad!I actually used this copy holder once in the kitchen, it worked well and perhaps it will make a trip back to the kitchen sometime soon. But I now use this mainly in my spare room which I turned into a little exercise room. I have a bike and elliptical machine and never really had a way to stand my iPad up good so I could watch podcasts or movies while working out. This thing fits perfectly on a TV tray or tabletop and holds the iPad perfectly. I know it wasn't designed for this, but it works great!Overall I'm really happy with this. I'm not so sure about the construction of it, I think they could have designed it better, but once you assemble it the stand is pretty sturdy and I have no fears about using it. I'm glad I got this as it's proven to be very useful for me.3M(TM) Copy Holder, In-line, 18 Inches Wide, 300 Sheet Capacity, Black and ClearI am getting old. I remember when $100 ($65 Amazon price) actually bought something. Oh, wait, it still can. AppleTV is $100. A Roku box is $100. A Kindle is just $40 more. But, now in 2010 an 18" sheet of molded plastic two weighted plastic legs some assorted screws and knobs and a rubber band cost $100. I have to assume the mystery weight beads in the legs are made of a high tech alloy and the plastic sheet must be bullet proof? On top of that when assembled it's kind of wobbly. I'd have designed in a cross base support of some kind for rigidity. But, that might have driven the price up to $150? I did a quick search for a "Copy Holder," what I found was a huge selection under $10. Granted many weren't as attractive as the 3M product but what price design for such an item. It just needs to hold paper or a book.If the constructed product didn't feel as wobbly as it does, maybe I'd forgive it. But, really, I can't get over the price to function ratio. I have many 3M products and many are well made and reasonably priced. I just can't review this product favorably. Your money is my concern. When you spend this much on a stationery product, it really should be beyond compare. This simply is not.  There are better choices considering the price. If this was about $15-$20 maybe I'd say it's pretty and does the job. Yet, it's still unsteady if you need to move it periodically.  There are many better cost effective choices.A document holder that's this wide (wider than a keyboard, but not so wide I can slide mine under it when not in use) might be expect to hold, say, a dictionary or a heavy cookbook.  I wouldn't trust this one with a paperback.  The vise grips on either leg do not hold the stand firmly no matter how much I tighten them.  And the legs wobble.  Adjusting the position is difficult and not in synch with both sides.  The stretchy band stretches too much to hold some types of books' pages flat.  All in all, the design is just crappy.It looks nice and the individual pieces are solidly crafted.  (The heavy, wobbly legs have so far failed to snap the plastic rails off the sides, as physics might predict.)  There are apparently mounts for this that you can buy separately that screw into a surface.  This might alleviate the wobble factor, although I hope those mounts use grips that actually keep the plastic from sliding down.Bottom line: A quick search on Amazon reveals a number of other document holders.  Unless you like frustration, this is probably not the one you want.This is a hefty piece of equipment that will take up some prime real estate on your desk, but it works great to hold those books in place while you're working!It took less than five minutes to assemble it, and is easy to use.  Because it's so large, it's great to hold heavy books in place, but will also accommodate smaller texts like novels or even small stacks of papers.The legs on mine are a bit wobbly, which is why I'm downgrading my review a bit.  (We've tried tightening them, but it hasn't helped.)Overall, I love this thing!  I've been storing it on the floor under my desk when I don't use it so it doesn't take up too much desk space, and it's worked great so far.  For years (all throughout graduate school, up until now), I've been using this cheap little metal holder that was a pain to work with.  This 3M product is really fantastic, and I wish I had gotten one of these years ago!The 3M(TM) Copy Holder, In-line, 18 Inches Wide, 300 Sheet Capacity,  is meant to be used for holding documents and books while using the computer. But, I'm thinking it would prove handy for booklovers who had to curtail their book reading because they couldn't hold the book comfortably, for whatever reason. This stand is on the large side. The copy holder will take up about 12" space lengthwise & is 18" wide, but that means most books & magazines can be open so both pages show at once. It fits on our TV trays. My mother-in-law was an avid reader, but had to give it up because of hand tremors. How can you read when the book or magazine you're holding is in constant motion? This copy holder would have been perfect for her. It might even work in a hospital setting & could be used on the tray to set up for the bed-bound patient. Of course, I can't be sure of this without trying it.I will use the DH640 when I crochet, to follow along in instruction manuals, at the PC to hold documents & books, & once in a while to hold a thick, heavy book that I'm reading. The elastic band reminds me of my daughter's elastic head wraps, and is adjustable up & down for books/documents of all lengths. Being elastic means it can hold different thicknesses from a single page document, thin magazine to a thick manual. I tested it with a 700 page cookbook & had no problems with it. I also put a 4 pound box of canned dog food on it (to test for weight) & it held nicely as long as the copy holder's tray/base (the piece that holds the book/document) was on the table. I'm not sure how long the threads will last as everything is plastic but the screw.There is a 5-year limited warranty which does not include normal wear & tear.First, I must say that I cannot rate a product on it's price, but this is really tough as the list price is just unacceptable.  Possibly worth about 1/4 of that.  But, it's does it's job.There truly is not much to setup or even part of this unit that is more exciting that telling you it's a piece of lucite with sand filled plastic legs and a rubber band.  You can use it for large books and magazines.  Great for data entry projects and stacks of items to merge etc.  But, if any change should be made, it's the rubber band.  Why could this not be thin elastic belt?  The rubber band leaves creases and could tear pages, so make sure it is adjusted for each use.Due to the weight and sturdiness, I have found myself using this a bit more creatively.  It works perfectly propping my fully opened netbook with the rubber band in the hinge area, creating a safe upright keyboard and screen.  This has been useful on the side table near the tv.  But, this is meant for office related items, but plan on it taking up space.  It will end up being like that kitchen appliance stuff in the cabinets because it's too big and annoying to pull out to use.  But if you are in need of such an item as your primary use on your desk, then this is a welcomed addition, I am sure.If the item were a bit more attractive, I would suggest displaying an open book in the living room or something like that.  Possibly songbooks for the piano.  Christmas books. A large Bible.  There are certainly a lot of possibilities, but the design is more technical and useful rather than a decorative accessory.If you are doing a lot of data entry, and will do so for quite a while, then it's a wise investment.  But it's disturbing to call it an investment for something so basic.I teach and my students are always amazed at how fast I type.  I've been typing since I was in high school about 25 years ago.  I'm very capable of copying what I'm reading from so I have used copy holders before and was, quite honestly, looking for something to not only use with books and papers but to also house my new iPad.  Well I got it.  Not only can I use this copy holder with books and papers and my iPad, heck, I can do it all at one time!I must not have been looking at the description and focusing on the details of 300 sheet capacity as well as 18 inches wide.  I was expecting something a little bit more portable and smaller.  I was wrong.  The picture really doesn't capture the size of this thing.  It's HUGE!  You can almost open two books and open them side by side with a little bit of overlap.The legs are heavy so you don't have to worry about anything tipping over.  The pages can be held back by a stretchy item which I like better than something that is rigid and plastic.  There was supposed to be something else in the box like a mounting pad but it was missing.I gave it four stars because I feel the back should be a wee bit taller for sheets of paper that need more support. It also takes up a lot of space.  While I have a nice sized desk it's taken up by a lot of other items.  I plan on moving things around to make room for it though.It is expensive and the quality is well worth the price.The 3M Copy Holder works just like it's designed to. It will hold up anything from a few sheets of paper to the largest and heaviest books. The see-through acrylic is crystal clear so it allows you to easily see what's behind the copy holder. Brilliant! It's really quite amazing how such a simple contraption can prove so useful.However, this holder has a couple of flaws.Height adjustment:The board has tracks that the clamps on the sides clamp on to. The height is adjusted by moving the board along its tracks. The trouble is, after the clamps are loosened, the board doesn't slide straight up and down; the tracks tend to slide unevenly so the board is free to tilt from side to side. Another problem is the feet are not weighted enough, so you're going to have to hold them down while you attempt to straighten out the board. After you've made the desired adjustment, you have to keep holding it in place while you tighten the clamps. That's a lot of work to simply adjust the height.Tilt Adjustment:Again, the feet aren't weighted enough so you would have to hold both feet while you tilt the board to the desired angle.In addition, the board is HUGE (11" x 18") and unwieldy to move around. The 3 Copy Holder is best used as a semi-permanent fixture on your desk. And I would recommend it only if you have a lot of desktop space!There you have it! All in all, the 3M Copy Holder works quite well despite a couple of flaws. However, the above are some considerations you might want to take into account before making a purchase decision.Although it is extremely handy to have my books I am typing out of on this copy holder, I found two major flaws with it.The first was the sheer amount of space it took up. I found it very ungainly, a pain to move around, and it simply took up way too much space. I couldn't fit it under my computer screen like it advertised and can't imagine it working that way unless your screen could go very high.  So I have it off to the side of my screen; which is less than ideal but works.The second thing that really annoyed me was when I tried to turn the pages. There is a lip on the front of the black base that prevented me from turning the pages easily.  I had to physically lift up the book and turn the pages so that they wouldn't scrape and start to tear on the lip. You wouldn't run into this issue if you are using loose-sheet pages instead of a book like I was, so it depends on what you are planning on using this for.That being said, there are some really great things about this. I love how the legs can pivot so you can stand it up straight or you can lean the book back. That was a REALLY nice feature.  I also loved how you could move it up and down and at basically any level that you wanted. That was another huge plus.  Really, if they had just made the lip in the front fold-able and if it took up a bit less room on the desk I would be VERY happy with it!While not being familiar with the rest of the market, I am impressed by this product.  It is like the metal book holders which I have used before, the ones that keep the pages open.  But it works with documents.  For a researcher, this is a helpful tool in order to type commentary at the computer while retaining the documents vertically.  Set up is simple.  The only problem is that the string keeping the documents in place sometimes is liable to come loose.  Other than that, I really like it.Useful but you need a big desk to find room for this! Also, the price is too much for what you get. Also, kind of wobbly.I would not recommend this for the price. It should either be better designed or half the price. And I don't mean half the list price; I mean half the $60 Amazon price. And even that would be pushing it.I must confess, I got this item intending to break it (the joy of the Amazon Vines program).Unlike other copy holders I've used, which have a sturdy metal or wooden edge on the flat part, this holder only has a molded channel on the flat for the legs to clamp onto. This no doubt saved a tremendous amount in production costs (and lets the legs be attached in more than one place), but given the geometry of the item, I couldn't believe the holder wouldn't break if one of the legs was bent inward.I was wrong - the holder is designed so that the legs come off if they are bent inward or outward (for example, if the holder slips or is dropped). I'm not saying the item is unbreakable (it's not titanium), but it's far more sturdy than it looks.Pros and cons -- It's wide enough to hold a typical magazine, or a stack of 11x17 sheets placed horizontally, but this also means it takes up a lot of desk or counter space- There's an elastic band to hold the pages open, and mark a line, but this won't work if the copy hangs over the sides- The angle is completely adjustable- The legs are weighted to provide stability- The legs can attach anywhere on the sides of the flat, so the holder can hang off the edge of a shelf or counter, but it therefore may take a bit of fussing to get the legs even- The tray at the bottom (which would support the bottom of the copy) is slightly over an inch deep, so this isn't going to work for a big book like a bible.For cookbooks and cooking magazines, which is what I got it for, this holder is excellent, if a little industrial looking. It will also work well with 11x17 paper, as long as it's in landscape mode.This 3M Copy Holder is almost good; half-baked design and cheesy construction make it a bad deal,even at amazon's deep discount. (The MSLP is absurdly high!) There are several different ways tobreak the copy area, as it is made of very thin transparent plastic. The legs are weighted, butwould be far more stable with some sort of crossbar installed between them...this could certainlybe done by someone who is reasonably handy. The holding device is nothing but a thin elastic heldby two sliding plastic pieces which will also break easily. Replacing the elastic shouldn't be tough,which is good, because it's definitely not going to stand up to heavy use- maybe not even light use.Replacing the two holders, though, is probably next to impossible. Why weren't some extras included?It must be said that the few books and catalogs I used for testing were held open pretty well.This product is not designed for very thick books, however. It's also not designed for long-termuse. Why pay this price for such an inadequate unit? There must surely be better ones available.Those who need a sturdy copy holder for heavy duty everyday use are hereby urged to avoid this one.Shame on 3M for peddling this junk- one would expect far better from such a company...right?This is a good product that works but the poor instruction manual made it hard to assemble. I actually had to call 3M to make sure I assembled it correctly and I have used a number of document holders in the past. Also there are some great design features that are marred but some not so great design features.The good and bad:I called 3M and they have great customer service. This is good. The bad thing is I had to call them because the instruction manual is just three doubel sided sheets of paper listing diagrams on how to put together three types of document holders with some safety and warranty information and a parts list thrown in. The manual, which is written in four languages, fails to use any words to explain how to attach the base or line guide. If you bother to create a manual in four languages, some words describing how to put the holder together or the best way to use it would have been very helpful.The base, which is really two "legs", is heavy.  This is good since you can use large documents with this and it is important to have the weight to hold it steady. Unfortunately, after I slid the two "legs" into a groove on each side of the document holder and screwed them in I found they moved when I have moved the document holder. Perhaps then need to be tighter.You can change the angle of the legs if you want to change the angle of the document holder. This is good.  The problem is since the legs are not connected to each other you have to make sure you angle each evenly or the holder will be wobbly.One good thing is after you figure how to put this together it is easy to take apart for storage.  My desk space is limited and this is large so I have taken it apart and reassembled it on a couple of occasions.Conclusion:If you are looking for a large document holder, this will do the trick once you have it assembled and in one place. It worked well when it was holding some fairly large documents. The legs are heavy which is good. I also like the fact that I can take it apart and not add to the clutter in my office.  It is wobbly though if you move it around. Also the instruction manual is poorly designed.The 3m Copy Holder is useful in a variety of ways. It's good for the student who needs to type up his or her notes from classes. Or the office worker who needs a place to hold papers. The copy holder is 18" wide and is sturdy enough to hold up to 300 sheets of thick paper, catalogs, books, and more. The copy hold fits perfectly on most desks or tables and is designed to be positioned directly between your computer monitor and keyboard, however it will easily fit anywhere. It also has an elastic cord that stretches across to hold your documents in place.  Overall this a very handy office tool and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who needs it.This copy holder is great! I plan on using it to hold my recipe books while I'm cooking and to hold and keep my place on knitting patterns/charts while knitting.I have the 18" size and it easily holds a large five pound book (I used Martha Stewart's Cooking School). It fit perfectly, held the pages open well, and despite the clever design feature of being able to tilt the (for lack of a better term) book holder back or forward, the book stayed exactly where I put it.This has plenty of great features and usability but here's why I can't give it 5 stars. The pieces seem slightly flimsier than I'd have expected and wonder how much of a beating this thing can take, but with care I think (hope) it could last quite a while. I am a little afraid of over-tightening the knobs on the sides that keep the clear piece from moving back/forward. The instructions are virtually useless (the sketches are horribly undetailed and not close enough too see anything, with little in the way of description) but fortunately the piece are simply-designed enough so that a quick once-over will allow you to put two and two together.Overall I think this is a great product and would recommend it for several reasons and for several uses. One thing to remember, though: keep the box it comes in! It's a great way to store the holder when it's not in use. It's a pretty heavy and awkwardly shaped thing to keep set-up all the time unless it's always being used.This item arrived broken. The clear plastic part that acts as a book rest was cracked along the right hand side in two places. It had been wrapped up in cellophane wrap (like Saran Wrap) and then put in a plastic bag. Unfortunately the parts that were broken were rather crucial to its function on the bottom right hand side for tightening.The "legs" that hold the clear plastic part weigh about 1 to 2 pounds each, which offers adequate counter balance/support for most books or papers. They rattle, which indicates there is something inside akin to beans or ball bearings, to act as ballast.it comes with one "bungee" cord for putting across the book to hold it open.  You can adjust its length to adjust the tension.As usual, I promptly lost the instructions showing how to put it together, so I had to figure it out myself. Looking at pictures of it on the internet helped!  Took me about 15 minutes to get it put together.It is about 18 inches across, and about 11 inches high at its highest point. the tray is about an inch deep, so if you have a book thicker than 2 inches, it's not going to hold that well.Since the one I received was broken, I can't really comment on how sturdy it is. It looks like it cost all of about $10 for the company to make.I like that I can adjust the tray up and down, as well as tilt it forward and backward.  It's a good concept.First of all, I LOVE this product. It is well-consructed. It uses quality material. It is a great size for most books, and it just looks beautifully professional on my desk.It tils back easily so you can read at a couple of angles. However, as useful as the ledge on the bottom is for stopping the book from slipping off, it also makes page turning difficult because it cannot be removed nor is it mobile.The base/legs cannot be set in a perfectly straight angle, but that's probably just me being anal.Holding a large recipe book up while cooking or holding up a stack of documents I can peel off easily and quickly while I key info into a computer is not something I do all the time.  But when I do these things, I really want the right tool to do this.  I've had a number of occasions in the past where I've had to rig something for entering data, this copy holder would have been perfect.  Same thing for cookbooks...  annoys the heck out of me to prop up a large cookbook and weigh the pages down so they won't turn (not that I cook all that often, but when I do I'd rather focus on cooking and not figuring mucking about with the book).While this product is huge, it is what is needed for large cookbooks.  The legs on this are pretty heavy and it makes this copy holder awkward to move around easily.  If you leave this item on your desk or table, it will take up a large amount of space and is not easy to move about.For me, this is something that I will end up storing in another room and pulling out when needed.  As such, I am very pleased with this holder and glad to have it as a go to tool when needed.First of all, the instructions (and I use that word loosely) on how to put this together are horrible.  There was no way I could figure it out by looking at the pictures; I had to fiddle with it until I figured it out on my own.  You need to unscrew the legs, which are heavy because they're filled with sand, and then slide them on the appropriate sides.  After the legs are on then you'll see that the holder can be adjusted either forward or backward.  Then the elastic slides on each side and also can be adjusted up or down.I know this is advertised as a document holder or copy holder, but the reason I wanted it mainly was to hold knitting or crochet instructions and charts and use the elastic to show where I was in the pattern, and it works perfectly for that purpose.  But I have also found that it works great to hold my iPad up so I don't have to physically hold it.  It is larger than I thought and you need a lot of space on your desk or wherever you put it.  I actually put it on a separate stand.As others have mentioned, the price is high for what it is and I can't really justify paying that much for what it's used for.I chose 3M's 18 inch wide copy holder because I generally spend at least a couple of hours a day doing research, gathering notes either from books or online sources.  If it's online, I usually print out the info and highlight the bits I need.  With the copy holder, I just slip the marked-up pages behind the elastic cord that keeps everything in place and type away.  Sure, this holder is overkill for that, but even if that's all I did, I'd still want it: I forgot what it was like not having a cat constantly trying to sit on a flat piece of paper.But it isn't just that. The holder holds books - several small open ones at once if I need it. It's also easy to turn the pages as I complete my transcriptions.And finally, I'm going to be working on new editions of several of my novels and the only way to work on a manuscript - to make changes that are more than grammatical fixes - is to work off a printed-out manuscript.  I expect I'll be ready to worship the copy holder once I get into that phase of work.The copy holder is designed to sit between keyboard and monitor, but I only use a laptop.  I also prefer to do most of my writing on a huge tall coffee table in my living room, so I simply set the big, heavy copy holder up there.  It works great next to the computer, or even slightly behind it.We've found the holder is also great for holding recipes in the kitchen and it now doubles as a heavy-duty music stand on my piano. It's great! No more falling music books!Overall, this isn't a very portable copy holder and it takes up a lot of space, though the clear Lucite keeps it from looking as bulky as it is.  For me, it's worth every inch it eats - and since it's clear, it doesn't look as bulky as it is.  I love it!I guess I really didn't realize just how big this thing is. Sure it gives the dimensions, but being able to open up a magazine or a small book and rest it on this holder is pretty great. There is also enough room for a couple of separate sheets to view side by side.  The clear plastic seems sturdy enough, but I have concerns about the black legs, or more precisely, the area where the legs attach to the larger piece. That thin black piece seems prone to breakage. It has NOT happened yet, and I don't see this happening under regular use, but if you move this thing and the legs, which are heavy and wobble when moved attached, snagged on something, I really think you'll lose it.Despite its size, the copy holder is pretty well designed to be unobtrusive and sits fairly well on my desk, mostly out of the way. Depending on how your desk it designed, mine has some cubby space where the legs slip in for example, you may or may not have room to keep this thing out of your way.Now the only thing I absolutely hate about this thing the line guide. Just think about what happens when you accidently snap a rubber band. I pull on it a bit and one side, always the right side, slips free and snaps. It's so prone to this that just adjusting the holder or moving it causes it to come lose. It's really the only complaint I have about the copy holder at this point.If you have a need for a copy holder, I've seen worse, and this really isn't too bad and I think the main piece is going to hold up pretty well actually.This stand is really good for large books, like albums or something like that. However it does take up a lot of space and therefore it's too much for anything smaller and when I tried it with my 14" laptop it didn't hold very well. Maybe something like a tablet would be a better fit...I do like the fact that this stand has adjustable angles but am taken aback by the price/design ratio.  The way that the legs attach to the sides of the support makes the stand wobbly if you are putting heavy books on it.  The 3M engineers did not do their usual excellent job with design on this product.The elastic band is basically like a rubberband my daughter uses in her hair, with two plastic attachments to it. For this price a few extras should have been included. I had envisioned my kids using it to hold up textbooks when working on homework and this stand simply cannot handle the weight.Overall, it works ok, but for this price it should be much sturdier and be nearly perfect.This is a very useful product.  It holds items such as books, papers, and it can even be used as an art easel!  The leg arrangement makes it a bit bulky and awkward to move around--but it is also the unique leg arrangement that allows it to be adjusted in so many ways and the weight of the legs is what keeps it sturdy.  I like the clear plastic backing which actually creates a very clean, contemporary, and lightweight appearance.Bottomline:  Great item if you don't need to move it around a lot!When I got this I really didn't appreciate how much real estate an 18" item would take. The footprint is large - at least a foot behind the holder too so you're losing a lot of desk area once it's together and in place. I kind of wish it was smaller maybe with pocket eaves at the ends that could be pulled out to increase the horizontal width of the holder. This way it could still retain a large opened book but be reduced for smaller documents and paper. I know 3M sell a smaller version of this holder but I think it could have been engineered in such a way that one size fits all. Do keep in mind that this is a very big document holder; take the time to measure an area at least 20"x15" to one side of your monitor to establish if you have room for it. 3M's brag of it sitting between your monitor and keyboard really doesn't ring true with today's flatscreen monitors. My 28" screen is a mere two inches off the desk so this item would block the view to about 50% of my screen if I placed it there.Still if you do need a document holder this vast that does the job right then this is it! Assembly took no time and once together you know this thing isn't going to move or fall over. I placed ream of paper on it (more than the recommended amount of pages) and it withstood the weight without folding in on itself. So it works and works well - the band which holds the pages open is useful although flimsy.If you're currently propping up a book by leaning it against a pile of other books then you should treat yourself to the 3M Copy Holder. It's more than big and strong enough for the job and fairly priced.Easy to assemble!!  Sturdy!!  Works very well.  I thought the clear plastic was a good idea.. With it, you don't really need to remove the item to see your Computer screen.  It seems to be of very good quality.  I didn't give it another star 'cause I wished it would have been a bit easier to remove when needed.  It kind of "bends in the middle" when moving it.  But, all in all a handy item to have around.Apple keyboard gets dirty, wether you want it or not, and it is nice every so often to clean them and leave them looking without blemishes. This product, the 3M Keyboard Cleaner Kit has the capability to do the job. 4 Stars.I have used lots of keyboard cleaning products. I ordered this one when I saw it looking for something else. It works better than all the others, mainly due to its unique shape.To me, this kit seems like a cheap product, overall.  And an unnecessary one.You get a couple of very small microfiber cloths and a cheap tool made of foam rubber that has a material something like Velcro on one side (that you scrub with) and a U-shaped prong on each end.  Apparently the prongs are for going between the keys on the keyboard.  You also get a small bottle of cleaning fluid.I can't see where anyone really needs any of this.  You're better off using a damp cloth or something else.  3M (if it's the same company) makes some other very good products.  I've used their wet or dry sandpaper over a period of years and it's excellent.  But I wouldn't recommend this particular product at all.This product is simply amazing and so easy to work. I had neglected my mac keyboard at work for a while and it had accumulated quite a bit of gunk on the keys. It took just about a minute or so of cleaning with this kit. Drop the cleaning solution on to the provided sponge brush, do some circular motions on the keyboard - you'll see it getting cleaned right away. I didn't have to use the 'side' brushes, but can see how useful it would be on a windows keyboard with deeper keys.I have a stuck key on my laptop and I was hoping that this would solve it, however, it did not unfortunately.  I think this kit is to clean the keys themselves.With a toddler who likes to play on the computer and the keys get sticky. It gets the keys non sticky.This is the one.  This is the first all-in-one keyboard cleaning kit I have ever used that really delivers.  The instructions are clear and the tools are high quality.  After using the cleaner for the first time I was amazed that my keyboard (a Logitech ergonomic) looked and felt brand new after I had used dirty fingers to pound out thousands of pages on it.  Don't even bother with searching for another kit.  There is one thing though.  There should be about twice as much of the cleaning solution provided.A mere .5oz of precious fluid that you will need to evaluate yourself before arriving at a determination of "fair value."  You can purchase even smaller bottles of fluid costing upwards of fifty dollars for one-time cleaning of a phonograph stylus.  Audiophiles may swear by some of these esoteric liquids, while the rest of us achieve the same results with water and isopropyl alcohol at virtually no cost.In the case of this 3M cleaner the fluid is stronger than rubbing alcohol--it has a faint aroma of cigarette lighter fluid (butane) and is actually sticky to the fingers until completely dry.  Nevertheless, it's undeniably effective.  Squeeze a few drops on to the middle of the included bizarre-looking pad (a bright-red miniature werewolf shape), rub it across your keys, and you'll notice dirt disappear along with gummy residue.  In fact, it freed up a "stuck" spacing bar on my Apple "Magic" keyboard.The "werewolf" has pointed ears intended for use when cleaning individual keys.  But the instrument would be more practical if 3M had designed it with a single head with two pointed ears (i.e. cleaning tips) rather than placing a head at each end of the pad--2 identical heads with 4 identical ears.  The user is instructed to place drops of the limited fluid on each of 2 ears for such detailed cleaning, but upon doing so there's no visible way of discerning which end of the pad (or which "werewolf head") has been annointed with the precious potion.This is an instance where 2 heads definitely are NOT better than one.I didn't know they made such a product.  The two sided sponge double tips fit neatly around each key.  The liquid does its job nicely.  The soft cloth dampened with the liquid cleaner polishes the tops of the keys.  I had no idea now dirty the area around my keys had become.  This product is from 3M, a quality company.Not so great ,I don't like this  ,it not do anything to your computer .bye bye no more buy for  thisI have owned my computer for four years, and though I dust all the time, I've neglected the deep cleaning of my keyboard almost completely. It wasn't the worst-looking thing ever, but being a black keyboard, it shows every speck of dust, hair, etc. I do eat breakfast at my computer every morning, so crumbs do occasionally become a part of my keyboard's life. I took the major keys off & cleaned the inside & bigger pieces completely, but I needed something to get in between all of the crevices. I tried Q-Tips & other stuff, but nothing ever really did the trick. This did everything I was looking for.This is designed really well. The scrub side, with several drops of the included cleaner on it, got my mouse & keys "exfoliated". I cleaned in between all the keys with the red ends of the scrubber, which I'd also doused w/ some more included cleaning fluid. That left it looking great. I finally wiped it all down w/ the included cloths & it basically looks brand-new. In between the keys was so bad it left the red cleaning points a charcoal grey by the end! For the completely anal-retentive like me, having dust anywhere is a major annoyance. Now I know what to buy to get this maddening chore over with. Just wish I'd discovered it sooner!I'd prefer this to be sold in bulk, because while there's cleaning fluid left over, the ends of the scrubber are blackened by dirt & I really don't want to use them again. Honestly, I'd rather buy a package of four or something, have a slightly bigger container of the cleaning fluid and more cloths- less wasteful packaging that way, too. I'm dropping a star for packaging only- the product itself is fantastic.I was looking for cleaner for keyboard and tried this one.  It is good cleaner but not as I hope for.  It only does the clean on surface (top) and not inside so I had to use something else for inside but this is good for surface only.We used these to label client CD's before we ship them.  We add our logo and and some custom text and it works great.  We used roxio disc label maker or something to actually print the items but this paper was very good.  No smudging or any issues like that.  The adhesive stuck very well to the CD's.  It is a little difficult to line them up correctly at first but eventually you get the hang of it.I think they're rotten, and they don't begin to compare in quality with my earlier, bona fide Memorex CD labels. The reason I say they're rotten is because the labels won't come off in one piece allowing me to center them very nicely on the CD/DVD, so it's made it a lot more work for me!Came with a total of 300 and the quality is very high! does not get much better than this. I would recommend.I have been using these labels for several months now for DVD's I have recorded for public access television.  The labels work just great and are much less expensive than what I can get at an office supply store.  Highly recommend.I find this product of Memorex labels to be what I wanted at a very reasonable price. The value for what it cost surpass that which if attempted to by at an office store locally can not compare.Reasonably high contrast, vivid, uniformly strong adhesive, and smooth matte paper finish. Very good design and quality for the money. Probably the best labels I have used in years.I keep buying the 300 packs every time I run out. They have printed, stuck, and look great on both my CDs and DVDs. I use the inside small ones for several categories, like vacations and backups. I use the large ones for music lists of albums. So I end up getting 600 discs worth out of each package. I much prefer labeling this way rather than using Lightscribe.if you look at other reviews, someone once mentioned that you have to let them sit for a while. I let them sit for about six hours before using them otherwise for some reason they don't want to release from the backer, it's strange, but that's what I've found. I just purchased my last batch of these labels. As soon as they run out I will be using a printer that will print directly onto the discs, much simpler and better too. It all depends on how many discs you make.I have ordered these before, this is a repeat, so i guess repetition begets acceptance.  They are a good buy, very good quality and work well with my SureThing Disc Labeler program.Half the price of the Avery or similar products. Heavy duty, handles the printer well, and does what it's supposed to do.I use this product on a weekly basis and these labels have never let me down.  Top quality.  Highly recommend.Great labels!  Use them for work daily....permitting some automation to overcome the drudgery of addressing cards.I keep a master address list (using Microsoft Access) and using the Access &#34;Labels&#34; functions to print directly to these labels.We typically send around 120 cards. If addressing each by hand takes a minute, then this returns more than two hours of  time during the press of the holidays.What's not to like about that?The key claim of these labels is that when you are ready to "peel and stick" them after printing, they are easier to peel off of the backing (the slick sheet that they come on) than other brands are. It's true -- they have simply removed a little bit of paper between each column of labels so that you can fold back the backing paper and easily grasp the edge of each label.If you find existing labels easy to peel off, as I do, there's no reason to get these labels. But if you have to handle hundreds or thousands of labels in a row, the little extra convenience may be worth it.I rated them 4 stars rather than 5 stars only because there is nothing amazing about them.I've used a lot of these labels by different brands.  The generic ones seem to have thinner paper, and lack the nice easy peel edge these have.  Two brand-name labels are my favorite, and these are one of them.  The price either way is the same, and buying in the big box saves money if you use many of these.Like:- Quality paper; adhesive stays to paper, not backing.- Easy peel edge.  Tried some without this feature, and really missed it.  We use these many at a time so any time saver is huge.- Value.  3000 labels makes them near a penny each.These are quality labels and in all my time using them I've never had one jam nor smudge (as advertised). However I never have had a problem with my labels jamming or smudging so I don't necessarily see how these specific labels are superior in any sense from other, possibly even off-brand labels.These labels are the same that you'll be able to get in any big office box store, but cost much less!  There's not much to say about them - they're exactly as you would get in any other store.These "easy peel" labels really are easier to peel. I bought these as a replacement to some generic Office Depot brand labels, and these Avery brand labels are worth the additional money. The labels print much more clearly, print easier, and are easier to peel.My company uses over 50,000 of stickers of this size a year so I have quite a bit of experience with them.  These stickers are top quality in every respect.  They print very well and maintain what was printed on them without smudging or other problems.  The easy peel aspect is very nice and does help with efficiency in applying sticker.The only problem these stickers have for us is that they are not permanent application stickers.  The adhesive on these creates a reasonably strong bond, but will pull off.  It appears they are designed to do this.  I know that some people want to be able to remove their stickers later and for those type of people these stickers would be perfect.  However, in our particular use we need the stickers to not be removable and thus these are not perfect for us.  You will have to judge for yourself how this would affect you.I love labels, or anything that makes life easier.  I am very organized, both at work and at home.  Labels make things so much more convenient and quicker.I love these labels.  They don't necessarily have to be used with a printer - they can be written on.  And the reason I say this, is because these labels are for Laser Printers, and I have ink jet printers.  Therefore, I can still use these, because I can write on them rather than running them through the printer.There are a variety of uses for labels.  In addition to addresses, files, and other office reasons, they can be used for jars, boxes, etc.Awesome product.You know when you are buying an Avery product, that it is going to work great and be compatible for most types of software.I like Avery poducts.  These are no exception.  High quality and perform as expected.  It should be obvious from the size, but these are not the biggest labels.  If you are going to be printing out a lot of labels in bigger font, like say for wedding invitations, then I would choose a bigger label.  I'm not comfortable with inkjet generated labels since they are susceptible to water dissolving the ink... for important letters, I like to stick with laser printed ones (or use ballpoint pen).I love the Avery line of products and have been using for years. I juts ran out of a competitors labels and ordered these Avery labels. I can now see that the quality of the imprinting is much better on the Avery than with the proviso product and I noted I only saved a few cents difference between the two. I have gone back to the Avery labels. They are crisp, pull from their backing easily and stick to the envelopes.The only thing that is not user friendly is some of the templates that Avery has on line. They are time consuming and frankly I would rather find an alternative software as they are too hard to manipulate.The Avery 5160 labels have been around forever, but these have been improved.  Easier to pull off the backing sheet - particularly the first label of the sheet.Avery has always been good to work with, The background is always very bright white. If your printer is good, they never fail giving a clear great contrast. I have started to use P-Touch which is much faster. However if you don't have a label maker such as P-Touch then this is the label paper for you. User friendly and most word processors have it built into there data base for your use.I've used Avery Labels for many years for my Christmas cards. They work good on either my inkjet when I want color, or my laser jet. There is a template on Microsoft Word (Avery 5160)that makes creating the labels very easy. The size is just enough for name and address. There is no room to add Clip Art. You would have to use a larger label if you wanted to add let's say a Christmas Tree or a Snowman picture. Now that I have these labels, I add a little sticker next to the name to make it look more festive and it looks like its part of the label so it's fine. Also, there are so many labels (3000) in the box, that I usually give them away because after a few years they lose their sticking ability and become useless. Overall I like the Avery labels and feel confident they're going to stick to the envelope.Avery makes TrueBlock labels (coated so that they block out anything underneath the label) that I really love, so I decided to try these regular white labels too.The labels are perfectly fine. They print well with no smudges. "Easy Peel" is accurate - they are quite easy to remove from the sheet. Compared to the Trueblock labels I usually use though, they seem a little thinner and weaker. But they're great for everyday use when you don't need any coverage.Like every Avery paper product I've ever used in the last 25 years (a whole lot), they are superior in terms of fit, function and finish.  The thought of an Avery label jamming up my printer is non-existent.  While it's always possible to get cheaper labels, let's just say you'll get what you pay for with Avery.  Not to mention you can really save a bundle by purchasing them on Amazon, as compared to any in-person stationary type store.Always arrive well packaged and on time.  Frankly, though, I liked their previous design better.  These are not easier to peel than the previous design Avery had, but I can still use them.Side-by-side comparison:3M Address Labelsare just as good. Go for the best price.I've used Avery and 3M labels for years.The 3M have the same easy-peel layout with different laughable slogans.The 3M package claims "Permanent Adhesive" and "Strong Stick." The Avery stick just as well, or almost as well.I have not tried the less expensiveMaco Address Labels.I find the 1" x 2-5/8" size is big enough if you use size 9 font (Arial). I get up to 38 characters per line x 5 lines.I have used Avery labels for years and always find that they are exceptional.  These labels glide through the printer, are easy to peel and use.  The only issue I have is they sometimes smear if the weather is damp (I use them to print labels for trips to Ecuador where the climate is very damp).  Overall though, I have to give them 5-stars.  Avery always works well and is of exceptional quality.These are the standard size/weight address labels. There's really not any way to make these exciting, but then again, do you really want excitement from an address label? These are exactly what you expect, and I have to say I really do prefer the name brand labels to the office store brands. They just seem to feed & stick more reliably.These feed easily in both the drawer and tray of my laser printer, peel cleanly (the non-label backing is already off the waxy paper, so removing them from the backing is super easy.I also really like that the label/template number is printed right on the label so you don't have to hunt down the package to generate the appropriate template. Finally, I like the box. It's sturdy corrugated with a flip-top lid so the lid won't go astray and the labels stay in the box, even if it's sideways on as shelf.Mine came with a sample of note tabs, a nice extra bonus.You just about can't beat Avery for quality labels.  Templates for their labels easily available on their website, although I was a little annoyed that they required a name and e-mail address in order to download the template, even though they promised not to share the information.  The acid test for any labels is whether or not they are going to peel off inside your printer, jamming and/or causing damage.  Avery obviously knows adhesives well because these are firmly enough affixed to the backing sheet so that they don't jam or peel off and yet are easy to peel off when you are ready to use them.  These are a bit too large for return address labels, but would work for that.  Best suited for the address of the person you are sending to.  They are big enough for most addresses, although seem to be a little small for longer addresses.  You can do 5 lines with a 10-point font and probably around 30 characters per line (depending on whether you use all caps or lower case too).  This would accommodate all but the longest addresses.  It's a little smaller than what I like, but still quite readable. I wouldn't want to go any smaller.  If addresses are shorter, you can use a bigger font.  I would have liked these a little wider than the 2 5/8 inches, but if they were any wider, a third less labels would be on each page.  They really squeeze the maximum number (30) on an 8 1/2 x 11 sheet without any wasted space.Avery makes excellent labels that do what they claim. They're high-quality and stick to what you put them on -- in this case, packages or envelopes. These have the added advantage of having what the company calls "TrueBlock Technology" -- which basically means that they block out the old address, allowing you to reuse the packaging materials. This is a great, eco-friendly solution. I'm taking away one star because they're harder to use in the printer than they should be. It's always a trick figuring out which way to orient the sheet and get it set up to print properly. Granted, part of that is my own fault. But these should be easier to use. However, overall it's a fine product.These standard mailing labels (5160) come 30 labels to the page, and 100 sheets to the box.  The easy peel feature makes for a really nice improvement over past generations of printable labels.  Reusing a single sheet several times to print different labels did not cause any printer jams or smudges.  These are premium labels at value prices.I've been using Avery 5160 return address labels for years, so I was interested in how the "Easy Peel" differed from the older ones I still had.  When I took the first sheet out of the box, I was immediately concerned about the weight of the backing; the sheets seemed much flimsier than those I had remaining in my old box, a choice obviously made in the interest of the pop-up edges.  Once I printed a sheet of both and compared the labels themselves, they seemed comparable.  However, a couple of issues emerged:  it was slightly more difficult to manually insert a sheet of the Easy Peel so that the labels lined up correctly because the sheets were more likely to bow, and printed labels stored in a file folder were more likely to catch and come off when pulled in and out.  Despite this, these labels maintain the Avery quality the company has been known for, and they stick well and completely to envelopes.  Note: these labels are for laser printers, not for inkjets.The Easy Peel feature is only marginally better than the old style, which I never found difficult to remove.  Here, you fold the sheet along each row, and a small portion of the labels' ends pop up.  It definitely can save time if you're doing a lot of mailing/labeling; however, most people won't care.  I appreciated the feed arrows since I always forget which end should be up when feeding manually.  I printed ten sheets out of the box, in rapid succession, and other than the lining up issue noted above, every sheet came out smoothly and perfectly printed.Although Microsoft Word has the necessary template for these labels in its project gallery, buyers can also get the correct template at the Avery website (address supplied on the box).I've used several different brands of mailing labels, and I always come back to Avery.  Despite the lighter backing of these labels to enable the "Easy Peel," the labels themselves maintain the same high quality.  I just wish the ease of removal could be combined with a slightly heavier/stiffer backing.  Five stars for the label quality, three stars for the Easy Peel design.-- Debbie Lee WesselmannI'm notorious for using things for purposes they were not intended for, and these labels are no exception. I don't use them as mailing labels.When this big box of 3,000 labels arrived, I immediately pulled off a few of the labels and stuck them to the top and smooth side (vertically) of a half-pint canning jar and onto a ziplock bag and put them in the freezer. A day later, the labels were still adhering well, and yet they were not a complete pain to get off. (Try pulling the label off dry, and if it doesn't come right off, it will come off after a soak in dishwater.) So now I can print out sheets of labels like "08/2010 Tomato Sauce" or "2010 Okra Seeds" and have them handy for when I'm canning, freezing, and dehydrating all my garden produce and saving seeds for next season. I put up a LOT of food. Also, I can quickly write and stick eat-by dates on anything in the fridge.Labels for canning jars cost a lot of money. These are just the ticket, and I can print whatever info onto them that I need. They will work at room temperature, in the fridge, or in the freezer, and there are lots and lots of them. Just what I needed!Like all Avery labels I have tried, these work great.  Print smoothly through the printer without jamming or sticking.  I print individual labels and reuse the sheet again and they still work great.  Highly recommended.These are great labels which work as expected.Pros:-No jams in my inkjet or laser-Easy to peel and stick on envelopes-Nice white colorCons:-None that I can see.There's not a whole lot to say here, these are labels that print well and don't jam.  Peel and stick is great.  Buy one, buy ten!These labels work great for labeling reloaded ammo boxes.  I basically run them through my laser printer to print a basic template that includes: date, bullet, bullet weight, over-all length, powder, and powder charge.  Then, after I finish with a reloading session, I just use a pen to fill in the blanks and then stick a label onto each box.These labels have just the right amount of 'stickiness' to hold tightly to a plastic ammo box - while still being removable without leaving any residue or sticky mess behind.  After I empty each box, I just peel the sticker off and the box is ready to go again.I realize that this specific use probably isn't interesting to everyone, but it seems like these labels could be applied in a similar way to lots of different organizing tasks.Since a single sheet of labels can last me several weeks, I like that these labels stay stuck to the printer backing and don't come off before I'm ready to use them.  Fortunately, the labels are still easy to peel off the backing sheet because of an exposed pop-up edge for each label - it's a pretty ingenious setup.Finally, for those of you who are using these as mailing labels, I've found that the glue is nearly permanent when applied to paper envelopes - so no worries there.Overall, I'm completely satisfied with this product and I highly recommend them.I use a lot of labels to print scannable barcodes, I have tried some other brands with 1/3 of the price I pay for the Avery brand, but the quality was not good, plus the paper was too glossy, I had a lot of complaints about the labels that can not be read by the scanner, had to switch back to Avery labels and all the complaints disappeared.This was received via the Vine Program.  These classic white labels are the perfect size for addressing standard sized business envelopes (#10 size).  Great for return address too.  They're big enough for about 4 lines of text at 12 pt type.  Plus these labels integrate automatically with the labels tool that comes with Microsoft Word  (Tools > Letters and Mailings > Envelopes and Labels).  You even can print one label at a time, instead of a whole sheet.  Just choose the row and position of the desired single label when using the tool.Avery has added some perforation to the backside of the sheet (not through the label, but the paper sheet that the label is on).  It makes it easier to peel a single label off, although I never have had a problem with this before).Frankly, it's so much easier to print to labels than to run a thick envelope through my printer, I seldom print directly to an envelope anymore.The only issue I could see is if you want your labels to be the same color as your envelope, then you may want Avery clear labels.3,000 Compulabel 370056 Clear Matte Address Labels (Use Avery 5660 Template)The labels in this product listing are white.Excellent labels. Expecially like the Easy-Peel feature. These labels say "Laser" but will also work in an inkject printer. Only problem I had was in aligning them using OpenOffice.org's label-making software. Took a little bit of time to get it right. But ,that is my own fault. The labels are designed with Microsoft Word/Works Avery templates in mind and worked great under borth.This product the standard for the typical address label 30 per page.  It is both jam and smudge free so the labels are ready to use the minute they come out of the printer.  They are easy to peel of the sheet and will get your mailings done quickly.  Make a sheet for each company you have frequent dealing with to make correspondence chores easier.Avery Easy Peel White Mailing Labels for Laser Printers, 1 x 2-5/8 Inches, Box of 3000 Labels (5160)Well, its a label. Its white and it goes on an envelope. Not much you can say about these other than its a huge amount of labels. Most if not all printing software recognizes Avery in its page setup. Because of this you should not have a problem getting your software to format the page so they print out on these. The easy peel is nice when you are doing a massive mailing.Thank you for reading my review.They don't get jammed in the printer, the labels don't peel off unexpectedly, the sheets do not stick together, so that is all that I ask from labels. One thing that you should consider is the price and how many you'll need.The price for the labels is competitive versus others in the market. While 3000 labels may be too much for the individual user, the number might be just right for an office with a lot of mailings. I am somewhere in between and have found these to be perfectly acceptable.These "White Easy Peel Address Labels" from Avery really speed up addressing envelopes or packages.  The new "Pop-up Edge" design is a time saver.  A simple bend of the sheet back at a column, and you're ready to place the label.  They seem to stick well, even through the postal service. I never had one fall off of an envelope yet.  When sticking a lot of envelopes they make the job easy. Try them !These labels are very easy to use. The cut lines on the page are very sharp so there are not any tears or snags when peeling a label from the page. We ran multiple pages through a laser printer and through an ink jet with no problems (Using MS Word label template. This is a standard size that was listed in the software). In fact, I put the sheets in upside down in one of the printers and ran them back through the correct way and they still flowed through perfectly. They peel easily off the page so you don't have to worry about creasing them when trying to peel them off. Highly recommended.These are great printer labels from the folks at Avery, it comes 3000 labels to box so you're set for very long time (unless yo have business or something like that) Heck, I use them in BOTH my printer and and even pen write the address on them on occasion. Great mailing labels IMO and very recommended!If you have a list of mailings to send and are ready to print address labels you'll want reliable label sheets.  That's what Avery offers with this item.  Just prepare the labels in your Office software and set the template for Avery 5160 - then with these sheets loaded you can print and have these ready to peel off and slap on the envelopes.  This item contains enough labels to last awhile.  These kinds of labels can be used for a variety of projects, not just for mailing addresses.  Avery is a leader in offering convenient office supplies - this address label package is one of many of their offerings that you'll find useful.This is a great product.  Works well, perfect for mailing addresses.  Highly recommend.These labels work well for many uses. They stick well and are easy to print on using my computer. Great product!I have two different laser printers, each with a special envelope slot that is meant to feed envelopes so that you can print an address directly on each envelope. There are two problems with both. First, you can feed only one envelope at a time (they won't accomodate a stack of envelopes). Secondly, half of the time the envelope jams and you must pull the printer apart to fix the problem. So, I have given up on running envelopes through my laser printers.The Avery Easy Peal mailing label sheets fit into the standard 8.5" by 11" tray and feed flawlessly through the print track. I can print 300 labels in less than a minute and each label peels off the backing easily and can be stuck to an envelope or package quickly.The drawback is, you must run a sheet of 30 labels through the printer even if you need only one label. But if you have a lot of mailing to do, this generous quantity of labels helps get the job done quickly and inexpensively.Avery 5160 labels have been a workhorse for me for years. This new variation does make it a little easier to remove the labels, which is a good thing. Ranking wise, I like these better than Staples' house brand version, but not quite as good as the 3M version.I'll go into more detail about what's superior about Avery below, but first, regarding this size --These will fit a four-line address in 10 or 11 point type, and are good for:-Return address labels on #10 envelopes-Address labels for 4x6 postcardsFor address labels on #10 envelopes, I prefer Avery 5162, as they'll fit or a four or five-line address in 12 point type."Easy Peel" basically means that the "extra" adhesive paper around the edges of the labels is absent. This does make them easier to peel, but I don't think Avery is even selling non-Easy Peel 5160s anymore, so it doesn't really matter.Especially because you must. buy. Avery. if you want a professional result. Avery and name brand printer toner.I've tried several different generic brands -- from all three big office retailers -- and the letters get smeared or flake off when applying the labels. Add generic toner, and the problem gets so bad that the printing becomes almost illegible. With generic toner these smear a little bit, but with the name brand toner (I've used these in both HPs and Canons), I don't start noticing toner on my fingers until I'm 500+ pieces into a mailing.For mailings to prospective clients/customers, smudging is totally unacceptable. The generic labels might seem a lot cheaper, but these are well worth the extra dough.I use these to label products, as well as envelopes.The price and convenience is great when purchasing in bulk. Note that these stickers adhere well to paper, however plastic takes a little bit more patience. They do not smear when allowed to dry properly (maybe 10-15 seconds once fully out of the printer) and the paper does not fold in on itself like generic labels.Perfect. I also use uline compatibles.Both great. Avery is a little better when the Avery template is used. They are perfect matched in terms of printable positions.Avery's Easy Peel 5160 address labels are much easier to remove from the printed sheet than the standard Avery 5160 labels.  But, that ease comes with a few limitations illustrated the images that I've uploaded.  These may or may not affect you.For this review, I printed an entire sheet of return address labels on each product.  The Easy Peel labels are unquestionably easier to remove than the standard labels, as you simply flex the sheet and the edges of the labels in one column detach from the backing sheet as shown in the photos I've posted.If you typically print full sheets of labels, you'll be pleased with the ease of removing the labels.  While the standard labels can sometimes curl, or get a damaged corner as you peel, these labels come off cleanly.But, there are two situations where the standard Avery product is still better:  printing single labels and re-using the sheet, and tearing the sheet into thirds for storage or distribution of labels.Microsoft Word (and other software) has the ability to print a single label on a sheet in the row and column specified in the label dialog.  This works well with the standard Avery product.  With the Easy Peel product, if you've accidentally bumped adjacent labels while peeling off printed ones, the labels may jam your printer.  (The jam-free guarantee refers to fresh sheets of labels.)If you typically tear your 5160 sheet at the perforations to get three columns of labels, you will not want to do that with the Easy Peel product.  As shown in the photos, unlike the clean edge of the older product, the Easy Peel coumn has  about 1/8" of the sticky label extending beyond the backing after tearing.Granted, nobody goes orgasmic over labels. Labels are labels, right?They are until they jam up, or smear when you take them out of your printer. Nothing more aggravating that having labels that accordion up in your printer, and the labels curdle and get stuck in the mechanism.It doesn't happen with Avery labels. They simply work. Print a list, and it's sitting in the printer tray, perfect and ready to use, every time.You might not spend a lot of time, thinking about labels, until you can't get them to print right. If you use Avery, you'll never have to think about labels ever again, cause they just do what they're supposed to do: print perfectly, every time.For years I used to send away for return labels and then I found out how easy it is to make my own and I'll never send away again.You go to the website listed on the box and get the free templates there and make perfect labels. There are several new designs available for both PC & Mac and they're a breeze to make.There are 3000 labels in the box and the price is incredible.  I'll be set with labels for decades.These new ones now Pop-Up when you bend the sheet making them the easiest to peel off for use,THEY"RE GREAT!There's not a whole lot to say about these labels. The do come off the backing easily and stick where they're supposed to. I used them in both an ink jet and a laser jet printer and both worked just fine.Gotta hand it to Avery, they've locked the sticky label market up. These are fairly priced, sticky, and there's nothing to not like about them.Paired with a quick printer, these can save you a whole lot of time, and they will stay stuck.We use these at work and they work great in both of our printers. We have an inkjet and a laser printer and they feed perfectly in both. They peel off easily, too.It is one of the most-friendly office supplies. It is easy-to-print labels with formatting provided free-of-charge from Avery. It's definitely a good buy if you need to mail a lot.The Avery 5160s are the workhorse labels of our office. Don't be fooled by cheaper imitations, they do not stick reliably, yellow, or jam in the printers. Avery is, as always, a great dependable product.Super easy to use tabs. I use them to label items in my house. Super easy peel, clear instructions, easy to load, template available from a word processing program. They work with inkjets but you can definitely tell they are better when used with laser printers. They are worth it!i use these on a daily basis...easy to use...no smudges...never had a problem. would purchase again. never used before but will def. use againThese Avery labels do exactly what they're supposed to.They feed perfectly, are perfectly spaced on the label sheet, are easy to peel and position.For those not familiar with how easy these Avery labels work:You simply open a Word DocumentClick on Tools; then Envelopes and LabelsSelect Avery Label 5160Type in what you want on the labeland print.In a couple of seconds you have great-looking labels.  I use them as return address labels, because this size is "taller" than many and allows an extra line or two on the label.Really!--you won't be diaappointed--these labels live up to the Avery reputation.A label shouldn't leave you disappointed, since it's really about as basic a product a you can get. I guess you want them to 1) not jam, 2) hold ink, 3) peel easily, 4) stick. These labels do all 4 as they should.My wife is a teacher and classes are starting. She has lockers assigned to her homeroom. She gets a box of locks, and a form which has her assigned lockers printed on it. She puts a lock on the locker, and then copies the combination from the tag to the form.If she reads the combination out loud, or hands the sheet to a student to copy their combination off of it, the student can overhear someone else's combination or copy it off of the sheet while copying their own. She said, "I could use labels for this."So I said, "Anything to help the educational system. I have these labels I have to test for Vines!"So I selected the laser labels because they have a laser printer at school. Unfortunately, they had turned off the air conditioner, despite a promise to leave it on for the entire weekend before school.  It was unbearably hot (the classrooms have no ventilation at all if the A/C is off - they just bake in the sun. So we came home.First we put the lockers and their combinations into a spreadsheet. Then I told Microsoft word to fill in a sheet of labels with the information from the spreadsheet. I selected Avery, then I selected 8 1/2"x11" products and then 5160 and the first sheet I printed had a problem. I had put the info on the labels on the left edge of the printed area, and a full character printed in the gutter between labels.  The result was completely unusable.  The locker combinations had the first character cut off, and that could be a 0, 1, 2, or 3. I printed a plain sheet of paper first and laid it over the labels, but the "one character off" was too close to tell.I printed them again, and this time I centered the labels. They came out perfectly. The ink does not smudge.The point is that she can peel a label off, and hand it to the student. Then she writes the locker number down on her form. The student gets their locker number and combination in one action, without being allowed to either look at the form that has everyone's combination on it, or hear combinations be read aloud.  I offered her a second set of labels with just locker numbers on it, for her form.  She said it would be easier to just write it, given the area that had to be fit and the size of the label.I was pleased that the laser labels worked in my inkjet printer - even though the paper path is tight.  I was disappointed in the fact that the labels were about a character off from the template - and in the wrong direction, resulting in characters missing the label to the left, and resulting in my wasting a sheet of labels.  I tried navigating the Avery site for label templates and gave up after a couple of minutes when I realized that they were built into Microsoft Word.I was pleased in the way the ink does not smudge, despite the fact that this is not labeled for use in ink jet printers.And when she went to use the labels, my wife said that the labels were "Wonderfully easy to remove, the process was fast, you never thought about the labels, they just worked."So the only star off was for the templates. Avery should check their templates if they are going to allow Microsoft to use their name.I got these labels thinking that the "Easy Peel" seemed kind of gimmicky...how could it really make a difference?  But I have to say that it works well.  The sheet of labels has three pre-scored "lines" where it folds.  Print your labels, fold along one of the lines, and the edges of ten of the labels are quickly exposed to make peeling super easy.  This might not make a difference if you are only printing a few labels, but it could be a nice time saver if you are doing a mass mailing.One other side note...These labels are for laser printers.  Be sure to get the type of labels that are designed for your printer (inkjet labels for inkjet printers, laser labels for laser printers).  In the past, I have made the mistake of trying to use sheets of labels in my laser printer even though they were not designed for a laser printer.  Don't make that mistake.  My Brother HL-2070N smelled like something was burning after just one sheet.  But with these Avery LASER labels, my laser printer handled them perfectly.If you search Amazon or the web, you will know this is the best deal around. I run these labels through laser printer. It has no problems with the heat. Some other brands I tried have the glues tuned to different colors. But this one is O.K. With the quality and price, I cannot recommend it moreWorks well first time every time. Free downloadable templates work with open office/ word etc... very good product. I use with inkjet fine.This set of mailing labels from Avery is a nice set where you get 100 sheets with 30 labels on each sheet. While they are good for envelopes, they are the suggested size for current Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) sellers, which is what I find value in. I dont send many letters or cards out, so using it for FBA.As said, Avery is the standard in the label making department. They are not the only ones, but outside of Amazon, they are at Target, Staples, and Office Depot among others. But honestly - the price that Amazon is currently offering, at 71% off at the time of this writing, you can get 100 sheets for $[...]bucks, which is what you would pay for 25 sheets at any other place. So its the best deal you are going to get!!There are tons of different sizes for all different reasons. This set advertises that they are the "send to" address type label which is a perfect size. As usual, you might meet up with the issue of only needing a few labels for addresses or whatever project you are doing and you have the rest of the sheet to deal with. Its not always easy to feed printers and set it up to utilize the rest of the sheet.I like Avery and tend to get their stuff as they print best on the sheet and they are most accessible in a pinch.Unlike a couple of other reviews, they do not jam in my printer and they do not smear. So they work just fine for me. The "Easy Peel" part of it isn't particularly relevant for me since I don't have any trouble peeling the regular Avery labels. So to me they are just labels that work fine - no problems but not special either.Very good price and works well. Much cheaper than office depot. Cannot find a cheaper deal any where else. Good buyThis generous box comes with 3000 labels, each sheet containing 30 white labels. My software didn't have the recommended Avery 5160 template when designing my mailing labels, but it was an universal fit and worked with all of the 1" X 2 5/8" templates (I tried and used all 6 of my templates successfully, even if they weren't from the specific avery company. Since I have had problems in the past with a competing company, I was pleased with the fact that these labels were instantly dried and therefore there was no smearing that occured with the drying process. Overall, these are extreamely useful for address labels and come highly recommended.When it comes down to it, labels are just labels. You print on them, you peel and you stick ... done.What makes these great, other than the fact that they are quality labels that are easy to peel, are the templates. Templates for almost anything [...] that help make projects easier.While these are generally intended for address labels, they can be used for much more. As one example, recently I needed to run a correction for a yearbook that I helped put together. I was afraid that it would be hard to do; I was wrong. The 5160 happened to be the correct size -- it would cover the incorrect entry fully with enough room for the correction. I used one of the templates for Word and quickly typed out a correction on the template. I was afraid it would be hard to line up in the printer; I was wrong again. The first test print was perfect, so I ran the rest. Within a total of five minutes I had an exact match for the original project -- a printed label that can be placed over the original information in the book ... 60 copies. It matches great and it looks great.For simple addressing, these are also supported by the Apple Macintosh Address Book program, so printing labels for your Christmas cards or other needs are a breeze.The quality of the labels is superb as are all Avery product. They correctly run through my printers with no jamming problems at all.I highly recommend these labels.These are great little labels.  I've had no issues with peeling or smudging, and the templates were super-easy to use withMicrosoft Word.Prints very well without jamming up my printer. Easy to peel & they stay on the envelope without falling off. Enough labels in the box to last me quite awhile....These Avery labels are excellent quality, I've never had a problem with these ripping, yet I can peel them with ease.  They fit in the paper trays and they are pulled into printers, line up with the software that i've used, printed, and expelled onto the output tray.  I've NEVER had a problem using them.  I also use them for things like labeling wires and pipes in my house.  I've even used a couple of them as Christmas gift labels after I ran out of regular labels.  They are easily stored.  Purchased from Amazon, it arrived quickly and in excellent condition.  I give everything that I review a grade, and I believe that this merits a solid "A".  I highly recommend it for anyone who uses labels for mass mailings, printed labels on files, etc.I am cheap and prefer to buy "no-name" products whenever possible.  My luck with laser print labels has been hit and miss.  The Avery mailing labels work like a charm. They are easy to peel and work great.These labels work as advertised. Can fit four lines addresses, they go through the laser printer with no jams, no smudges, easy to peal, and they stick to the envelope. I use them for return address too.  They work as expected.Avery Also offers a variety of free software to design and print labels: [...].I've used Avery labels since my days as a mail clerk, way back in the Carter administration.  They have always offered a top-quality product, and the Easy Peel line for laser printers are no exception.These labels are just so wonderful; by using word processing software such as Microsoft Word, one can easily select the 'labels and envelops' option under 'Tools' and up pops the correct format for the labels.  Just start typing or import addresses and you are ready to go.  I'll admit that the most use I've had on these labels are for Christmas cards and hand writing labels, but these would be great for a small business.Recommended product; another winner from Avery.  They work well, perform well, and don't screw up the laser printer.  As good as it gets.I use these labels all the time. The only thing I have found *wrong* with them is that they don't stick to every surface as well as I would like (but that's to be said of most stickers). They are easy to peel but that also means that when you stick them on certain surfaces (ie: shiny boxes), the can have their edges "roll" in a bit after time.I usually use generic mailing labels however with the smaller labels I find it so much easier to use the Avery labels due to their ease of removal from the sheet.  Good labels at a much better price than you'd ever find locally.I compared these Avery 5160 white labels with some off-brand labels I've used in the past.  They are very similar in print quality and ease of use.  The Avery labels use their 5160 template, which is available in Microsoft Word or from the free software available for download from [...].  Either way, the labels are easy to format and print.  The easy peel feature makes it easier to remove the labels compared with my off-brand labels.I also compared these with Avery's 5260 labels, which are almost identical in size, use the same 5160 template, and have the same easy peel feature but cost quite a bit more.  If you do a lot of label printing the 5160 package with 3000 labels is a much better value for the money spent.  Keep in mind these labels are only for use with a laser printer.I have a set of the same size 1 x 2.62 inch Avery labels for addresses for my Ink Jet printer which always have worked very well but I was happy to get labels to use with my laser printer since the printing doesn't run if subjected to moisture.I printed up three sheets on my 3 year old Canon imageCLASS MF3240 Monochrome Laser All-in-One Printer and they were clear, perfectly aligned (Avery makes good, free, downloadable software), that peeled off easily to apply to my Christmas card envelopes.  This is the perfect size for address labels.I didn't have a chance to bring up my print list for over a year after I ordered these labels but time doesn't seem to affect Avery labels in the least.  I recommend Avery labels for any purpose, actually.What else can I say? Easy peel, as described, go thru printer without jamming, templates available for setting up mailing lists.  Avery products are usually great and this is no exception!! These do a fine job!!!Avery labels are always great and these are no exception to that rule. They are bright white, feed smoothly through our laser printers and perform just as you would want on paper. When using such labels on cardboard, I recommend another brand. Other brands actually work better on tough surfaces due to stronger adhesive but for envelopes and simple task Avery labels can't be beat. One Avery advantage is how easy they are to peal off the sheet before they are applied which comes from their unique adhesive.MAKE SURE you are buying the correct type of label for your printer. Most households use INK JET printers not a LASER PRINTER which is what these are designed for. That makes a big difference as the wrong type for your printer will make a mess and just plain not work.As a boutique consulting and travel firm, image is important to us, as well as cost control.  We use labels of various sizes constantly rather than getting envelopes and folders pre-printed as a cost saving measure and a way to offer easy customization of our brand to our clients.As others have stated here, a label is a label is a label...right?  Not always.  There are many factors that I look at when buying labels, especially in quantity:1.  Price.  Big variances between 'generic' and 3M, Avery, etc.2.  Glue.  Good glue won't come through the label.3.  Adhesive Quality.  Labels shouldn't come off an envelope (which could result in a dead letter), and they shouldn't come off in the printer (which could result in the need for a new printer).4.  Ease of removing from sheet.  If they are not easy to remove, the label can be easily torn.  Sometimes I've had to use an X-acto knife to lift labels.Avery labels here are great value, and have the other characteristics of good labels.  Whenever I have a choice between an Avery label and another product (even at a much lower price) I buy the Avery.These stickers are wonderful! They not only hold printer ink without smearing, but when the sticker is stuck onto the package it stays put without the corners peeling up!These shipping labels work great for recycling mailers.  I've used them to mail several packages & it's a great convenience to no longer have to spend five minutes or more trying to peel off old labels before re-using padded mailers.With Avery's TrueBlock technology, it's a snap to quickly print a label that completely covers the old label. These labels work just like conventional laser labels--just use Avery's template to print the labels you need.  The "magic" is in the dark, vinyl-like coating on the "sticky side" of the label.  This dark screening coat completely blocks out the label underneath, so nothing shows through.  Just a clean, neatly printed new, bright white label.Elegantly engineered recycling solution; Highly recommended!It will come as no surprise that these labels are easy to use.  They're an Avery product, so the templates for using these labels are built into almost every application you're likely to use with them, so formatting the print data is a snap.  What makes these labels different is their construction.  They're thicker than the typical mailing label, with a white front and a dark gray sticky side.  This makes the labels truly opaque, so that they block any previous writing or labels that they are applied over.  I've tried to see through them, and I haven't been able to.  This allows envelopes to be re-used while protecting the privacy of the previous addressees.These are great, functional labels at a very reasonable price.  The 2x4-inch size is big enough for hand-written addresses and still fits 10 to a sheet for economy's sake, many more labels per sheet than the slightly larger sizes without much loss of usability.  The "TrueBlock" ability to hide what's behind them -- seemingly due to a gray layer behind the labels' white surface, like primer under a coat of paint -- is nice, though this was never a real problem for other labels to begin with.  Simply put, these work great for their purpose.It's a label. I'm not going to try to wax poetic about it. But it's a very good label. The basics:*The labels feed smoothly into my laser printer and emerge the same way. No jamming, no smearing.*The TrueBlock (TM) Technology works well. This allows you to reuse manila envelopes and boxes without looking so much like you're recycling them...as long as the original label isn't larger than 2 inches by four inches. (A fairly generous size for a single address; small to include address of origin alongside the address of destination.)  They retain a professional, clean appearance.*The bright white of the templates contrasts beautifully with dark print, keeping visibility clear. Again, professional and clean.*In addition, Avery will give you support as you use them. On the back of each sheet they've printed (in two languages) tips for use and directions for where to go on the web to get templates for Microsoft Word on the web or through e-mail. (Not sure why they need my name and e-mail address for me to download these templates, but they promise not to Spam me. I'm trusting that it's because it gives them the opportunity to ask me to opt-in to e-mails...the default. I opted out.) In addition to the blank template for mailing labels (be sure you enter the product number, 5263, to easily access the right ones!), there are "specialized" templates for use particularly with color printers. Current themes include holidays, seasons, special events (birth, wedding, graduation), patriotic and a host of various business ideas (dental, salon, etc.) They currently have 57 downloads available in support of this one product.All in all, a good solid product with really exceptional support from an industry leader. I'll feel confident in ordering this product again.These labels are exactly what they say they are- truly blocking. We use them within our elementary school reading program. Finally, we have labels that allow for reuse of pocket portfolios without compromising the identity of its previous owner. Besides, no one wants to use a folder that has the shadow of a name behind your own!  These labels look good, save us money and time. At home, we use them when reusing shipping envelopes and boxes. My co-workers, husband, and students love them and you will too!Avery labels have been considered the best when you need or want labels that you can print from your computer. These are no different. Whenever mailing anything, from letters to packages through the US Postal Service, using a pre-printed label allows your item to travel faster without having to be handled by human hands. This prevents loss, mis-sent, delayed or damaged letters and packages. Avery brand labels are the most trouble free labels available.How many times have I used a magic marker to cover an old package label... lots! I was surprised and very pleased to see these labels with TrueBlock Technology! It works! A real time saver and no more ink on my fingers from the marker. Add a package of these labels to your shipping arsenal. And, if your word processing software doesn't have a template for them, you can download it from Avery's website.Once you use them, I bet you'll be sure to keep a supply on hand. Highly recommended.A long time user of Avery labels, I was especially drawn to these because of the promise of smudge-free labels with sheets that pass easily.  I have a finicky, but expensive, printer that on occasion wrinkles sheets that pass through the manual, non-drawer feeder.  This happens most frequently with labels.  So I was happy to see that after using more than 2 dozen of these sheets that they do indeed pass smoothly as described, furthermore no smudging!!!  This is vitally important as with these big labels pressing them onto envelopes sometimes requires quite a bit of handling.  I'm very happy with these labels and will definitely be switching from the regular 2X4 labels to these with TrueBlock that work seamlessly and smudge-free.Highly recommended!These seem to work the same as other shipping labels so I'm not quite sure of the benefit of "TrueBlock(TM)" technology. It's a label, right?! It works fine, but only 3 stars since I didn't really get what the new technology was supposed to do. I wouldn't pay a premium for it. Also take note, these are made for laser printers, not inkjet printers. There is another version of this product made specifically for inkjet printers.These labels are so nice.  The template they come with (if you read the included piece of paper), is easy to fill out and make shipping stuff so quick and painless.  It is nice to have a large enough label to put both the address and return address.  Worth the money!These are great labels. The TrueBlock works very well (the sticky side is coated and blocks out anything underneath the label).Laser printer prints clear and nice on the labels, and the labels are easy to remove from the sheet.I use them for labeling mail, paper, folders, even used them for nametags in a pinch.You can also cut them to desired shape and use them to make corrections on papers/flyers/postcards.Really really good.I can't say that I've ever been blown away by printer labels, these do deliver on their marketing promises.  I found that they did in fact do a a great job of covering up and blocking out any printing underneath the label.  That makes them incredibly helpful when you want to reuse boxes.  I also found I had very few problems with the labels jamming in the printer or getting smudged.  Admittedly, I've often blamed the former on my printer in the past but who knew it might actually have been the design of the labels to blame.I also like that they now have an online interface for designing labels that requires no downloads.  For me this has made making great labels more user friendly because I always found the templates in word to be a bit clunky and limiting.  The only thing I dislike is that many of the designs available look a bit dated and heavy on clip art.  It's a shame because elsewhere on the web I've found great printables from bloggers or designers, they just don't always offer the ability to edit the text or aren't sized to fit the label sizes I have.Overall though a solid product made easier with the online label design capabilities.I have used Avery labels for years for my small buisness.  No complaints.  They work well, are easy to format, and print smoothly.  Also love that Avery has box tops on the envelope that the labels come in.  So I got two box tops and great labels.  Avery also has some great templates to use for these labels.  I have used the labels for shipping and for labeling books or other items.These labels are nice, thick labels with an opaque backing to completely cover/obscure whatever is under them. They're made for reusing packaging/mailers with a more professional appearance than traditional labels, which allow the previous printing to show through. They're completely effective at blocking what they cover, and the print jam-free in my laser printer in both the tray and single-feed input. They peel easily from the backing, and very easy to handle because they're thick and don't roll when you remove them. They are not quite as bright white as the typical label, due to the gray layer on the adhesive side, which is what makes them opaque.I use them as product labels. They're crisp looking labels, and they do a good job of blocking out the previous label for a cleaner look if you have to relabel something.I use labels a lot...for postage and for labeling items around the house and in the garage.  These are really easy to use (ALL the avery labels are!), but what I really love about these is that I don't have to peel off the old shipping label if I'm re-using a box or envelope.  These will cover the old label so all that shows is the new information.  BIG time-saver, not to mention the savings that come from re-using boxes and envelopes!Not much to say here, the product works as advertised.  The labels are easy to use, old text covered up is as advertised, and there are plenty of templates to print these out.Easy to use, nice price, great product.  What's not to love???***** RECOMMENDEDWhat can you say these are mailing labels for large envelopes or packages. They are plain white, come in sheets of ten with the usual supporting formats in office suites and online at the Avery website. The one key aspect of these labels that makes them different from the standard labels is the TrueBlock that masks any text that they are laid over, no more seeing through the label to the prior addressee.As far as I am concerned these labels fulfill all of the claims made by Avery and work splendidly. P-)These labels are easy to print on and block out any information underneath them so you can ship without worrying.  There are 250 in the package so you can ship a lot of packages with just this one package of labels.  I highly recommend this for businesses.I have found that the TrueBlock line of products comes in handy when re-using boxes. Labels from this product line are thick enough to completely cover old labels. They also tend to peel very easily from the sheet, but to stick very securely to packages. I have not had a single label jam in the printer. Finally, they seem to resist wrinkling while being applied to boxes better that any other label i have used.I've been using labels of this size under the brand of a national office box store, and in one notable way, the Avery product is superior.  These labels have a dark underside ("TrueBlock") which successfully masks what's underneath, making them perfect for covering a previous label on a box.  My box store brand labels are more translucent, something I accepted without thought until I tried these labels.  Since I reuse a lot of boxes, I won't be going back to the more generic kind, even though they, too, may be manufactured by Avery.  Both print on my laser printer without smearing.  Both look crisp.  But only these Avery labels are completely opaque.For users of Microsoft Word, you can use the Label Wizard to set up printing, or you can go to the company's web site to download the label templates.The only thing that I didn't like about these labels is their flimsy backing sheet, which doesn't affect the labels themselves but which makes it more difficult to line up the sheets in my printer.  Every so often, I'll print one that is slightly crooked because the sheet didn't get held properly in place by the manual feed slots.  This issue is not enough to make me return to the box store brand, but I wish Avery still used its heavier backing stock.-- Debbie Lee WesselmannI really like these labels. They are just thick enough to cover up writing or old labels when recycling envelopes. Nothing shows through from the old stuff underneath - these labels are just large enough to cover the edges on an older label as well. The slightly larger size makes them nice for printing a photo logo on the corner while leaving room for the address information in a font size that can still be seen with the naked eye. Nice product that I will buy again in the future.As I writer, I am often sending out short story manuscripts to potential markets. I'm a great recycler of envelopes, but I spend far too much time trying to peel and/or scrape off the old labels while trying not to tear into the envelopes. These thick labels (they call it "TrueBlock Technology") will go right on top of the old labels and cover them up completely. Works like a charm! They're big enough for long addresses or large fonts, and you can even create logo shipping labels with them.I am now hooked on the Avery line of labels. These work just as well as the other ones I've tried - go through my inkjet printer w/ no smears, cover up well, stick well, etc.  I will definitely purchase in the future.Avery White Shipping Labels make mass mailings easy and trouble-free.  Each sheet of ten labels feeds smoothly into your printer and the addresses come out smudge-free.  The labels are easy to peel and attach snugly to your envelope or package.  You can place these labels over old labels and the new ones will cover the old printing completely.  This is a useful and reliable product.I received these via the Vine Program, so what could be better than getting something that you use every day?  Getting it for free to test and review.These are perfect for addressing and printing return labels on envelopes or printing labels for just about anything.  Plus, they integrate automatically with the labels tool that comes with Microsoft Word (Tools > Letters and Mailings > Envelopes and Labels). You even can print one label at a time, instead of a whole sheet. Just choose the row and position of the desired single label when using the tool.I only wish they were a little less pricey (I mean, when I have to pay for them myself).  Still, I give kudos to Avery for really knowing their stuff and delivering what people want.  And yes, I would have written the same review, even if I had to buy these myself . . . except maybe I would have used an adjective in front of price, such as ridiculously high . . . or is that an adverb?In this yet another superior product from Avery, these laser shipping labels can be accommodated to any size envelope as they are not too big and not too small, so as to  seem not aesthetically fitting.Their actual size is 2" x 4", guaranteed to be jam free and smudge free (haven't tested this claim extensively yet as I have just begun to use them.  So far they work out fine and my printer likes them).I've often bought small labels for small envelopes, and larger for bigger ones.  Now I don't have to do that anymore, slightly uncomplicating my life.  And that's welcome!These labels also cover any printing underneath should one want to send something out in a used enveloped.  That's a pennysaver!Thanks, Avery, for another fine product.The free template works well in creating printable labels.  This size also allows me to have the return address on the left hand corner so only 1 label is needed for mailing rather than 2.  Love it!I use labels on reused glass tincture bottles for my clients, and since not all of the originals have easily removed labels, it has been frustrating trying to use labels that show through or don't sufficiently cover the original.  I am therefore very happy to find a label with TrueBlock technology, but also one that works with laser printers which are less likely to bleed if the label gets wet.  This also works well on recycled envelopes.  Thumbs up to Avery.These Avery labels are specially designed to coverup anything underneath them.  They call this TrueBlock, and if you want to be extra sure that nothing can be seen through the label you put on something then this is valuable.  If you don't need this then these labels would be an unnecessary expense in comparison to ordinary mailing labels.These labels are designed for laser printers, though you could also use them in an inkjet.  Just make sure you set the proper template in your word processor before printing.  These labels are something that I'll have available whenever I need to re-use a package/shipping envelope that has dark writing on it.I am married to a woman who sells lots of things on Ebay.  She is also very conscious of recycling everything she can.  I work for a company that visual appeal when shipping something is almost everything, so when I reuse something, it better look new.  Sometimes, my wife asks me to package something up for her using an old packing envelope, that's fine but I either have to remove the old label or place the new one over the old one allowing you to see the old info.  To compromise, we decided to try these labels and much to my surprise, I can't see the old label under this one.  Yes they are a little more expensive, but it does make our marriage a little better.Most labels these days are just good labels.  However, if you are looking for labels that will be printed in a laser printer, I'll recommend Avery's products, as I've had great results with them.  No paper jams in my HP color laser printer, and no paper jams in my HP black and white laser printer. The labels separate nicely from their backing, and they stick nicely.These labels are designed by Avery with what they call, "TrueBlock(TM) Technology" - and I have to agree, if you stick these over the top of an existing label, these will cover them well, and you won't see the label underneath it showing through.  If the box has some writing on it, and you stick this label over the writing, you will not see the writing through this label.  Nice!These are nice shipping labels if you do a bunch of shipping from your computer.  Each sheet has 10 stickers on it, generally one for "From", and one from "To", although you can configure however you want.Avery's "True Block" tech is basically a sticker with a solid background, so you could put it on top of an old shipping label on a box you might be re-using, and you can't see the old label.  Generally, I don't ship re-used boxes, so that part isn't so much a big deal, but it's nice that it's there.  It also gives the sticker a more solid feel, like it isn't going to come off the box.I've had Avery labels for awhile, and have liked them.  These are good, I'd buy 'em for sure.These do, in fact, perform as advertised.  They run through my laser printer cleanly and adhere well, blocking things underneath (I tested it on a white box that had black sharpie on it; the sharpie was obscured by the label 100%).  They are a bit small for my box-shipping needs (I use the half-sheet labels for that) but for mailing correspondence to the same address every month, it's quite easy to run off the addresses on a sheet of these labels and keep them with my stamps.These are nice, large shipping labels.  I tried them out returning a package, and the label covered the one underneath, no problem, nothing showing through.  They printed out clearly and without smudging.  We've also found other uses for them around the house, like labeling the kids' notebooks for school.  Great labels.These are white shipping labels...but THESE are good quality ones that don't peel off.  They are 2 inches x 4 inches, and come 10 labels per sheet.  They can go through your printer for mass mailings using an Avery template, or you can simply peel, stick, and and write on one...no bleeding if you use a permanent marker, either.  Even if I don't always use these for shipping, they are great stick on labels for most anything.  I often will cut them up into smaller pieces for this or that purpose.  And they are thick enough that you can't read anything underneath them...a big plus no matter what you use them for.Being an AMAZON seller, I use these 2x4" labels often, especially when addresses are long/tall (e.g., Japan). These are truly special, they are light yet sturdy and solid; albeit quasi-luxurious this is super-professional, marvellous stuff.I received these labels from the Amazon Vine Program, and was eager to give them a try.  I've used Avery products for many years and love that they have use common templates for printing at home.These labels are great for addressing envelopes or boxes you've previously used.  The "TrueBlock" technology means that there's no show-through of the previous address.  They stick securely and look professional on the front of even a used envelope.  I'll look for more of these when they're gone.  Thanks, Avery, and thanks Amazon!These labels looked as if they would be perfect for my Christmas packages and I was correct. I like to save boxes in which I have received shipments for later use to send birthday and Christmas gifts through the mail, but often they have markings and barcodes on them. In the past I have just used a heavy black marker to blot out these things. This is a much better alternative. The labels are sturdy, took printer ink well, and are opaque so that nothing can be seen through them. I like any product that helps me to recycle.Generally, my main complaint about labels is the poor quality glue that's used and their inability to stick to anything other than a narrow range of paper types. Most Avery labels can stick to a wide variety of materials ranging from paper to pained surfaces to plastic and these are no exception.As advertised, they are very opaque and anything underneath will generally not show through. If you hold the label up to the light, you might be able to make out what was underneath--but otherwise you can't see through it.They feed through printers without issue (even color lasers that may snake the labels through several rollers) and peel of cleanly.Do you need Avery labels for everything? No, not really. But you are definitely getting a better product for the money.These white shipping labels with TrueBlock technology do cover quite well.  They seem to perform as stated and I am quite pleased.These labels are shown on the outer package with a return address and the addressee fitting comfortably on the outside of an envelope. However, these are only 2x4" - trying to fit the return address as well as an address was a bit too snug for my liking.Still, I had a mass-mailing that needed to be done, so I used these labels. I enlarged the typeface and used them strictly for addressee information, afixing a smaller return address label to the top left corner of a large envelope. Instead of looking liking tiny labels on a big envelope, these labels were sizable enough to dominate the envelope well enough to stand out and be noticed - particularly important for mailing purposes.It's always good to find other uses for labels - these were just large enough to fit another purpose very well. I have a massive library of books and those that are favorites merit a nameplate. I used clipart and created bookplates. Turned on end, they fit particularly well inside the front of books without being overly large. The labels are thick and solid enough to work without looking flimsy. I am very happy with these labels.Avery labels always do a good job for me, and particularly print well with MS Word, I had no problems printing labels properly aligned and the print quality was excellent, very clear without any smudges. Recommended.Sure, you can get other label brands but you can't get Avery QUALITY anywhere else.  If you want a product that wont peel off when you don't want it to (like in your printer or at the post office) one that gives crisp imaging and conforms to the templates you have with your label program or word processing software, and one that presents well to the recipient, then stick to Avery and you won't be sorry.  These labels are a prime example of what I'm talking about.  I often reuse large envelopes, mailers, and boxes.  These labels go on clean right over the top of the old ones with no see-through to confuse the delivery person.  They are also great for sticking over bar codes and routing notes.I ship a lot of items, mostly books, and I recycle as many envelopes and bubble mailers as I can. It is so time consuming to peel off old labels and/or mark through the writing on the envelopes. While this isn't a problem that ranks anywhere on the scale of actual world problems, it's nice to have a simple solution that makes one of my tasks a bit easier.The TrueBlock technology actually works. Some of the mailers I use are pretty worn and have already had 2 or 3 labels stuck to them. One of these Avery TrueBlock labels covers all the writing underneath and looks very clean and neat. They work great! As always, Avery offers so many free templates online that using any of their labels is so easy and convenient. There are other brands available that promise the same thing, and Avery labels aren't always the least expensive, but I find over and over that I save money in the long run by buying the Avery products because they work each and every time.I love a product that is simple but works as promised and gets the job done. These Avery TrueBlock labels are exactly that. Highly recommended!I was impressed at how this label really did work to block out what was bellow it.Even heavy thick black lines did not show through.These labels may cost a bit more but I don't have to use 2-3 labels to block was is below them so in the long run they save a lot more than the cheaper labels.They also adhere quite well.They moved through both my top and bottom feed printers with no problem.Avery never fails to produce quality, easy to use labels and these are no exception.  As with any Avery label, these work seamlessly with the templates built into Word.  This particular type with "TrueBlock Technology" and be pasted right over previous labels so envelopes and boxes can be reused without having to peel off the old label.  They guarantee nothing will show through (like an old bar code) and mess up your shipment.  Nice feature and very "green"  which I always appreciate!  Kudos, Avery!Avery has done it again!  Been using their product for years and I think these are a good improvement over prior functionality.I did use the template and verified that the printing surfaces were clean and ready to go prior to use.  In this way, the labels printed smoothly and easily.  There was not smudging.  The labels did not get stuck in the printer.As the sheet includes just labels (no margins), they peeled off easily and could be subsequently appliedquickly and neatly to the packages.  The finished look was neat and very professional and ready for mailing.Overall,  these are terrific  address labels for any user.The labels print perfectly and have a decent level of stickiness. They do not seem like they would fall off at all after adhering them on to the letter. Good stuff. Just the right size to not take up too much space and to get the most for your money. A good amount per package. Avery always seems to make the best quality office supply products so you know you can never go wrong with a product of theirs. Maybe could be a little more sticky but decent.Not much to really say about a label...but they do pull off easily, so what is most important, works well.Avery is just awesome... they make a huge variety of labels that work great and this is one is not an exception.  They cover up the labels underneath completely so you can recycle envelopes that people have sent you; they stick easy and print on easily without smudging; excellent all around!!!One advantage to Avery is that you can go on their website and use the templates they have available as well.Highly recommend!These labels worked beautifully in my HP2600n laser-printer.  They peel cleanly and stick well.The thing that really pushes Avery labels into the "5 star" category for me is the [...] templates website.  A full-featured online layout tool supports most Avery labels, has tons of font/typeface combinations, supports useful things like filling in the rest of your labels based on a variation of the previous one, does mail-merge, etc, etc.  AND that doesn't require any download-- when you're done, it generates a PDF to print.  Definitely a big win in the increasingly online-centric application world.  There are downloads for MS Office and other tools available on the site, also.These labels are big, nearly double the size of what I picture as "letter sized envelope labels", so unless your fonts are massive, there's plenty of room on the label to add a graphic, or logo, or whatever.  The Avery website includes a number of such graphics to add to the label.Recommended.These White Shipping Labels are amazing. It is specially designed for blocking out any writing over so that you can re-use the envelop. The labels are of good quality and it peels off nicely and ready to go on the re-usable envelop. I used this few times and I am satisfied with this product.useful, work great, can't really go wrong with these labels if this is what you need. works well with MS Word and my Epson printer.These are good, standard solid labels from Avery - template suggestions are always on the package (so helpful) and I've used both the 3M version, Avery version, and branded store versions (like Office Depot) - they all work well as address labels - if you are wondering how to choose, I'd make your decision based on price, and features such as the TrueBlock Technology included on these (which makes using a a recycled box or envelope much easier - it's thicker and truly covers up the older used labels below!)...as well as other features like (is it for a LASER or INKJET - this is for LASER printers) printer?  Is it the right adhesive (does it stick well enough to the type of envelopes or packages you are using)...I would recommend this product from Avery - price and a few other features will help you make a quick decision between this & other brands, but Avery has been making good labels for a long time, so I would choose Avery where I could - I like their continuous improvement process and the way I can re-use old boxes for mailing with these!I use these for business and love the thicker (non see through design). Can be used to cover old labels - no see or bleed through on these.I requested these labels after trying out a set of ink jet labels that were too small to be useful.  These labels are larger and easier to use.  Furthermore, they can be used in either a laser printer (best results) or ink jet (good results, see below).  What is particularly nice about these labels is they are fully blocking of any printing underneath.  Furthermore, one can print only the labels one needs and reuse the label page provided one prints and removes from the bottom up.  Of course, one needs to use the pattern and keep track of where to start.  These labels are easy to remove from the backing and attach firmly to the envelope or box.To use these in an ink jet printer, select plain paper but request high resolution printing (700 dpi or higher).  This approach avoids bleeding by using smaller droplets during each pass, and enhances drying.  The printing is only slightly smeared, but not enough to notice if using 12 pt type or larger.These are great for reusing envelopes as they cover up everything underneath perfectly. They also print very well without jamming up.These are the perfect size to cover up mis-printed envelopes.  Stick very well, and you definitely can't see any printing through the labels.  Very bright white.  Prints well.I won't bore you with a lengthy review, I mean c'mon.. they are shipping labels.They can be printed on by your printer with ease, they stick on super strong, and are of great value. 5 stars!Get these, they work great!People who know me know I love to label. These do everything that they say. Ran beautifully through my printer, stick nicely. No complaints.They work great in regular printer.  TRULY blocks the old stuff.  Great adhesive.  Excellent quality!These labels are a good size for mailing first-class parcels and larger envelops. Also, they are much better quality than the off-brand labels. I am pleased.These labels are of good quality and just what they should be. They print smoothly without jamming up my printer, they provide good coverage for covering up old addresses or other unwanted info and most importantly they STICK! I hate cheap labels that require you to tape the edges down so they don't peel off.I ship a lot of books and packages in re-used envelopes and packaging. In the past, I've always had to use an additional piece of paper, or a dark marker, to cover up the old address. That's not the case with Avery's shipping labels with TrueBlock technology.These amazing labels effectively cover up any existing label or writing, making it impossible to see the previous address. It might sound like a small feature, but for this shipper it's a time-saver.And, since they're the dependable Avery brand, I can simply enter the package number into my printing program and know that it will print the labels without fail. You can't go wrong.These labels are great for covering old information.I frequently ship reused boxes and I don't have to double up my labels anymore or cross out with black marker before affixing a new shipping label.In addition they print easily using them template and the adhesive is just fine which is what I've come to from Avery.Other then blocking whatever is underneath the label, these labels are no different than any other label that Avery makes.  These have all the same features that you would expect from Avery.  They do not come off the sheet when running through the printer, and are easy to remove from the sheet when needed.These "Avery White Shipping Labels" are perfect for my use.  Before I got these, I used two address labels on all my postage: One for the address of the person with whom I am corresponding and another for my return address.With this label I am able to fit my return address on the upper left side of the label  and the shipping address on the lower right side of the label.One of the nice things about Avery products is that a person can get a template free that works well with each specific product.  In this case a person can get Avery template 5163 (template and software) on the internet.  I have used Avery templates for many years and found them perfect for the designed label (in this case label 5263).I recommend "Avery White Shipping Labels for Laser Printers".  This is a quality product.If you like professional and uniform looking labels - and I do - then this is a great product.  I have a P-Touch label maker that I have used forever to create labels for my file folders.  Rather than hand-writing, I print the label, then peel the adhesive strip to the file folder and I do like that my labels have a uniform look.  What detracts from this system is that my labels are printed on white, so once adhered to the file folder, the label as well as the text is clearly visible.  What sets the Avery labels apart is that the label itself is clear.  Thus, it is virtually invisible once it is adhered.  This adds a very professional look to the labels, in addition to the uniform look.However the reason I said in the title that they are best for business use?  The label sheets can be run through your printer which will print the whole page at once.  Prior to their arrival I didn't think this would be a problem, as I could just print a few, then save the sheet and next time I needed labels, print a few more.  Nuh-uh.  The sheet can ONLY be run through the printer one time, due to the adhesive residue on the page that will gum up the printer.  This means I need to know ahead of time what labels I will need for all 50 labels!  Now granted, if I were starting a new project of some kind, that wouldn't be a problem.  But generally I need to create only a few labels at a time - and I don't want to wait months until I have 50 labels that need printed!  For this reason, I downgraded my rating to a 4.The software templates available online make it easy to create the labels.  You can even add a graphic, such as a logo, to the label.  When I saw the suggestion that you can print a label for both sides of the divider at once, I could not at first see how this would be useful.  However I now realize how handy it is to have both sides of the divider labeled.  Now, no matter where I am in the binder, I can easily flip to the section I need.  (This feature means I only have to wait until I need to print 25 labels, instead of 50, before printing the whole sheet.  It also means I go through twice as many labels.)Another nice feature is that rather than having to peel and stick individual labels, it is easy to label a whole strip of five at once.  You simply line them up, stick down the labels, then when you remove the "outer" strip, all that is left is the labels on the dividers.The dividers themselves are flimsier than I would prefer.  Thicker than paper but not as rigid as a good cardstock.  The corners are sharp rather than rounded.  So far this hasn't been a problem, although I can see them getting turned over and creased more easily.  The hole side is reinforced and so far has held up well.Overall this is a good product but I do believe its best application is in a business setting where multiple labels are frequently required... which is great!  I will echo other reviewers to say that this is good for larger jobs.  For just a few tabs... it's just easier to write it in neatly.  I like that there is a template to use with MS Word, which makes it a lot easier to use and to keep projects organized in the same folder for future duplication.This us an interesting product which allows you to quickly label file folders in groups of five in one shoot.  You simply line up the folders, remove the one long strip of paper from the back of the stickers and press onto the folders.  This product is useful if you are completing a large storage project but would be useless if you were simply adding a folder to your groups of files.As a rule I find the company makes quality products. But you need to install software to make the index spacer work and if you are in a hurry this product may be way to much work. But compared to the cheaper tags you find in most office supply stores this product is nicer looking when you get done. Just wish it were easier to use.First of all, you don't have to go to [...] and register in order to download the template.  You can download from Microsoft's website. (I accessed it quickly by searching Woord 2007's online Help.)  Click DOWNLOAD, accept terms, follow prompts and such, then you will be prompted to enable macros in Word.  Once that process is complete (a few mins), you're all set to start creating.  (You'll want to adjust the SAVE AS option, make sure you save it in your Docs, or wherever you keep templates, otherwise it goes into a preset MS folder and you may never find it again!)It's very user friendly.  This is not your most basic Avery label, where you insert directly onto the template.  Rather, you insert text and photos from a separate on-screen window.  You can add different pictures on each tab (left or right position, easy Browse and Insert from Your Pictures) or the same pic on all tabs. Same with text.  Click "OK" to view template, and if you need to edit, click "EDIT TEXT OR PICTURES" on the toolbar and the screen returns.  Changes are made quickly enough, with a visible progress bar.  Fonts can be easily tested out and edited - ctrl+a to select all on the actual template, then scroll through several preset fonts to see the changes before your eyes without final editing, then click the one you like best to make the changes final.  You can also access and use MSWord's full set of installed fonts by clicking "Create New Theme Fonts" and saving as Custom.The template automatically prints in BLACK, size 14.  What I have not found is how to quickly change the entire page's font COLORS and SIZES.  The only way that has worked for me is to select the text on each individual label and then apply a new color or size from Word HOME (off the Avery template toolbar, back onto the Word toolbar).  I have tried several tricks, nothing has worked.  This is unfortunate, as color coding can be an extremely helpful and effective way to access specific tabbed sections of information.The template screen gives you the option to start on any row you choose, which is a great way to conserve template sheets, since you may not use every label on the sheet every time. You can print more than one set at a time and then Collate or Group.Overall I really like these, and I will forgive the color and size faux pas for now.  But these options would be a nice update to the label for future editions.I'm loving how the rings are the connecting to each other with the pin. That is such a better idea over other binders out there. also the ease of how they open and the side mounted binder instead of the back panel. So much better.The printable tabs are a great little add as well. I can redo them as I like and I can even handwrite on them as well. Plus the fact that all you have to do it line up over your set of tabs and just push them down. Makes life so much easier in general.....This is the perfect item for those of us with a little OCD when it comes to organizational issues...lolall binders should have the level of quality that this product offers.These dividers are good for general use.PROS:--Durable--Professional looking--Convenient labelsCONS:--Not much different from other dividers--A bit expensiveRecommended for professional use. If you just need a set of dividers, these are much too expensive. You could easily improvise using cheaper labels and dividers.I recvd Avery lavel dividers and heavy duty EZD ring binder.  Cool.Over the years I've printed out many a label via Avery to use on their dividers.  Both the labels and templates are easy-peasy. One template prints a row of labels together; the other individual labels. Templates are at Avery.com. Easy to download and use... Clean, crisp printing w/ jet printer. No more guessing if the labels are loaded correctly...  The dividers are white and strong.Now the EZD Ring binder is very impressive... The info says it holds over 600 pages... And it really is one-touch... It has sleeves front and back on the inside. And clear sleeves on the front, back and side on the outside. The better to label and see what you're looking for...  Nice...I tried this product and liked it very much, but tried to call Avery to gather more information on their products and was disappointed with the fact that they have outsourced all of what used to be US jobs!!! On Avery's web site they have their Consumer Service Center shown as Brea, California. I called the number listed (1-800-462-8379) and was given several choices of support. There is an option for templates and software, products, and all other issues. Any of the options you choose whether you're calling from the US or Canada will route you to their "call center" in Manilla, Philippines. In addition, all of their products are manufactured in either Mexico or China, not Brea, California, USA. I am hesitant to use or recommend Avery products since there are very few US jobs associated with any their products. It would be really nice if Avery was up-front on their web site and list their "Consumer Service Center" as Manilla ;o)**************************************************My initial review of the product was good prior to my call to the "Consumer Service Center" in Manilla:I downloaded the Avery Wizard 4.0 to help me make the labels. It took some time to download and install, but well worth the time. The wizard was easy to use. I was able to use a big text size and printed the row of 5-tab labels quickly and easy.Once I had my labels printed out, I was able to lay down the row of tab sheets (you can not do this if the tabs are already in the notebook), align, rub-down into place, and then peel away the outside edging. If you have a lot of tabs to make at once this product would be very helpful. You get 10 sets of 5-tab rows per sheet.On the other hand, I still like using the Avery 612797 tabs which has 80 tabs per sheet and better for times when you just need to print a couple tabs.Let me say this right off the bat... I have NEVER written a review for a product that I haven't used personally, but in this case I have made an exception.I wrongly assumed when I requested these labels and dividers, that I could print out as many or as few labels as my project required.  Read the instructions carefully - you can only run the one included sheet of 50, through your printer ONCE, and if the number that you need is less than 50, you cannot use the sheet again and have to buy either another package with dividers or individual packages of label sheets - either 10 sheets of 80 labels each, or 25 sheets of 80 labels.  The reason they can't be used in the printer again is that the exposed, residual adhesive might ruin your printer.I contacted Avery's customer service (not mentioning Amazon or Vine) and was given the extra label purchase information above.Only one sheet of 50 labels comes with this package of 25 dividers.  You can print labels to be used on both sides of the index tabs. Unless you have a large project, where you will be using all 50 labels, the others will have to be written on with a pen, which is all right if you don't want the uniformity of all of the labels being printed and not hand written.  It is not a huge expense, but it would then require you to buy additional packages of 800 or 2,000 labels, again using the exact number that you require for your project, and throwing away the remainder of the sheet.Judging by the pictures only and the info on Avery's web site, professional results appear to be easily achieved with the printed labels.  I have a project that only requires 15 labels and to be truthful, I will wait until I have a larger project, so I can print and use all 50 labels at the same time.For the $20.00 cost, I think that they should include more label sheets, varying the number of labels on each sheet.  Maybe several sheets of 10 to 20.The package as it comes, and the purchase of subsequent packages of sheets, appears to be for industrial sized jobs, assembly-line production of multiple reports, or for companies/individuals who don't mind not having to write in headings on left over unprintable labels.As for the binder that was included in the Amazon/Vine package, it appears to be a good buy.  It is sturdy and for people with hand problems, arthritis, etc., the binder ring lever at the bottom of the ring panel, opens the rings with ease.How exciting can tabs or index dividers be? Well, pretty darn exciting.These Clear Label Index-Maker (r) Dividers are innovative and needed. They let you label five tabs at once using a special label strip. But more than that, they come with directions (step-by-step directions for those with feeble computer skills like mine!) and even a demo on how to use them. You can access it at avery.com/demo.im.I also love that they're making the dividers from 30% post-cnsumer recyled paper and offer free templates and software, too--for about every program and computer imaginable. See the Avery address for that on the package.I can't help myself. I'm, also going to plug the heavy duty, easy-to- open binder from Avery. It's PVC Free and the chipboard it's made from is 100% recycled content.Both products are community conscious with official Box Tops Education labels on them.Are the Avery folks first in making label use easy? Could be. They sure enough do know how to make a product right and then to market it in ways that count.---The reviewer is the author of the multi award-winning HowToDoItFrugally series of books for writers and retailers.Over the course of the year, I create presentation packets, and one of the more tedious tasks is labeling the tabs.  This Avery product saves me time in that it allows me to label all my tabs at once using the enclosed label strip (which has guides on it to allow proper placement on the tabs).  The design is a time saver and the guides work well.The drawback to this is that Avery's instructions tell you to only feed the label sheet once through your printer, so, with 5 sets of 5 tabs each, you really need to have a bigger project/multiple packets to optimally use these labels.Avery also includes a label sheet for sticking individual labels one at a time onto the tabs (but again, the assumption is that the label sheet is to be feed through the printer as a one time only sheet).The Avery website is easy to navigate and the Avery templates are easy to use.This is a great product for my use.  I recommend these if you are putting together multiple presentation packets.The product is good quality and the idea pretty handy.  But adding labels individually to a tab is not really that stressful for me.I would like to see the dividers made out of thicker paper or a cardstock. I use these kinds of dividers at work and flipping through them on a daily basis wears them out very quickly.  The 3 ring binder with the labels is a nice addition and fairly stout and should last a while.If you like the idea of printing your labels out and applying them in a strip, this product will work.Love, love, love these.  When providing student materials, they help give the documentation a professional, sleek look.  They are a little hard to use until you get used to them, but I would definitely recommend them.This is a really nice addition to a filing system.  The tabs are easy to use and they look so nice in the file.  The added bonus of the binder was neat, I didn't expect that.This was a great product to give your index dividers a professional touch.  Clean, crisp and transparent labels looked like something you'd get from a quality print shop and far beyond that of the typical SOHO user.  Unfortunately, the product is really designed to print a page of 100 labels at a time.  Printing just a few simply isn't a good use of this product as the paper does become harder to feed in the printer over time and aligning a small set of labels proved difficult.To print the labels, you open up a Microsoft Word template and manually type on the labels you want to print on.  For just a few labels for office use, this was simply more trouble than it was worth.  However, I did create a series of client presentations and the labels were invaluable for that.Highly recommend for your next project, but skip it for daily useThese dividers were just what the teacher ordered for organizing my high school student's binder.  The instructions were clear and easy to follow, the resulting labels look terrific and the dividers are sturdy enough to last the whole school year.  The five sets in the package make it a great deal.  The only thing that could have made this a five star review was having multi colors versus white only.These are great labels to have around. They fit on most folders that I wanted them to. Personally I thought full price they would be expensive but they are worth getting when on saleAvery has consistently made great products and this one is no exception.  The product allows me to easily and neatly label all of my tabs (and in many cases relabel them for reuse).  The quality and the the way they accept the printed items are great like usual.  I do occasionally have issues with the templates, but have experienced similar issues with every brand of labels I have used.  I would highly recommend this to those that like to keep everything neatly organized.I'm not exactly sure what I am reviewing, since Avery sent a special kit to the Vine reviewers that consisted of a 1.5" Heavy-Duty One Touch EZD 3-ring binder and the tabs.The EZD binder is made very well, with an easy to use ring locker.The Easy Apply tabs come in strips of 5 that allow you to label 5 tabs in one fast stroke, perfect for the office commandos that need to file stuff on a daily basis. The kit also comes with a tab sheet that allows you to print tabs using a Word template. All of these tabs are self-adhesive, so it saves you time from having to hunt down lost inserts.Avery comes up with nifty ways of organizing information and this is not an exception.This binder comes with clear label index maker dividers. Microsoft Word can be used to print on all the label strips with the computer. When you print the labels, peel and align on the divider definitely looks more professional. It can be used for home filing, school papers or office. It is easy and less time-consuming compared to writing all the labels by hand. Label seems thick and index divider sheets are also thick. Strip that is holding the ring is thick to hold the ring strongly. It has 2 pockets on each inner side in the binder where we can keep some additional papers or pen.Trust your eyes when you go to the Avery website: the first 11436 template is a 4 column template but download the one that has five columns instead.  When you go to the next screen on the five column template and view details, the numbers 11436 will show up.Usually things have disclaimers about how they won't work on Macs (it either won't line up, won't open the pdf, or requires a rocket scientist). This product did not say there would be a Mac problem until AFTER you download the template.  Then and only then does it clearly state that there will be a problem with Word 2008 and Macs.  Since my computer's default always ignores Word 2008 and goes back to an earlier version, I thought it would be fine.  LOL!  Not quite.  Generally, I don't click agree on anything that says "trust all documents from this publisher."  Compile error in hidden module: blah blah blah was my second alert.  The next problem was that the template had a box of text over it and that led to my second compile error in hidden module.  I was able to get rid of the box by first deleting the text and then selecting the box and cutting it.  It is hardly ever easy to use things with Macs but generally Avery has been compatible so I was surprised by this.  And no, it was not a huge difficulty to get past these problems, just annoying.I liked that Avery included a practice sheet.  I'm the type that always has to practice to see which side and up or down something is going to be printed on to print twice on the same page.  It seems like at some point I should learn that about my printer but I never like to get that attached to any printer.  (At some point, a tiny part is going to break or it will be cheaper to buy a new printer than to replace the inks.)Once you get past the template difficulties, the divider labels went on very easily!  I loved how they lined up!  I put the dividers in a binder first so they were all perfectly set up.I used the set that was sent to me to organize gym junk.  I have a bunch of binders and systems that needed to be put all together in one place.  Now I can just pull the sections that I want to take to the gym on any given day instead of my old system where I just took the first binder I could find in the trunk.Once I worked out the kinks, it was all fine.  But I've had other Avery products without kinks and I like those better.  Much better.I nearly rated this product 5-stars, and was ready to press "send" with a solid 4-star rating.  But I went to the main Amazon site to check the selling and full retail prices first, and noticed something that changes my review considerably.  Make no mistake - this is a VERY nice product, as detailed below.  BUT: What Amazon Vine program reviewers received for review is NOT what you will get when purchasing the same product.  What you will get is an excellent quality set of divider pages (fairly heavy card stock with plastic reinforcement along the 3-ring punched edge) and clear labels for the divider tabs.  Sounds very basic at first.  What sets this apart is that the clear (not white) labels are constructed in such a way on the full 8x11" sheet that you simply lay a strip of 5 labels across 5 divider pages, line up the labels, and apply them all at the same time.  They line up perfectly with the divider tabs, leaving you with a professional looking presentation or project.  If you want a first class presentation or project, this is definitely the way to go.The problem is that Avery sent Amazon Vine reviewers the same product with a very nice Avery 1" D-ring notebook included.  You won't get that with your purchase.  So the price you'll pay - even at the discounted Amazon rate - makes these labels pretty expensive even with the Amazon discount off regular retail.  You'll still have to go purchase a separate notebook.  I don't know if Avery was using that as a subtle way to increase ratings on the product since it would not be obvious to an Amazon Vine reviewer that what we're reviewing is not what you'll be getting.  I just think comparing apples with apples, so to speak, is the most appropriate and fair way to do it, and what we reviewed is more than what the retail customer gets through Amazon.  I called Avery to verify, before writing this review, since I thought (hoped) perhaps the Amazon description simply forgot to mention the included notebook - it didn't because there is no notebook with the labels and dividers when you purchase it on Amazon.With all that said, if I was rating ONLY what the Amazon customer will purchase on line, I'd increase the rating to a solid 4-star rating - perhaps a bit over-priced, but WELL worth the money if you want a first class, professional looking presentation or project.  You'd have a very hard time creating the perfectly aligned effect with individually applied labels.  Very nice product.The package that Avery sent Vine reviewers isn't the same as the one you buy, so it took a while to figure out what is usually delivered. The heavy duty binder isn't included, so I won't cover that in this review. The labels included are extremely easy to use, and work flawlessly with Microsoft Word and the Avery templates. These were some of the easiest printer labels I've used in terms of getting the software and templates to work properly.The results are impressive and definitely compare to print-shop quality (especially if you're printing with a laser), so for professional presentations, quotations and RFPs, they provide a fast way to get good-looking results. For projects that don't require that level of finish, they are really too expensive to use on a day-to-day basis, especially since there are so many labels on the page.  After 2-3 feeds through my laser printer, the paper didn't feed so well.Overall a little pricey, but the quality is outstanding for those times you want professional-grade custom tabs.First, I'm a Mac user and the template download didn't have one labeled for Microsoft version 2008 but 2007 worked just fine. Next, figuring out which way it goes in the printer. Thanks to the handy practice sheet I got it in a couple of tries. Wouldn't it be great if you could put in your printer make and model and it would tell you which way the paper goes. One of the slickest features  of Clear Label is being able to apply labels to all five tabs "at once." After lining up the tabs and the strip, you can apply them all at once but to remove the remainder of the strip requires a little fiddling with each label... at least they all got positioned perfectly and that's the important point. Maybe they could make them break apart just a little easier.Where you need to follow my directions instead of theirs is if you are applying labels to both sides of each tab. Unlike the example Avery supplies, you don't want to just type the labels two up. For the second set, you'll want to reverse the order. Otherwise you won't be able to take advantage of the "Easy Apply Label Strip" and you'll be back to peeling them off one by one and hoping you can line them up. I didn't figure this out on the first batch but it worked well on the second.The end result is a very nice looking set of tabs and knowing they are made from 30% recycled paper helps too... especially when I read today that global climate change has already killed off 40% of the phytoplankton in the Earth's oceans and I happen to know that historically, half of the world's oxygen is produced via phytoplankton photosynthesis. Whatever Avery can do to further cut down or indicate their carbon footprint would be appreciated. I'm sure these labels don't contribute much but every breath may soon count a great deal, especially for our grandchildren.I was impressed that this product came with the binder as well, I thought it was just the dividers, but it also came with the binder.  Great quality, highly recommend.**Amazon Vine customers who ordered the Avery Index Maker Clear Label Dividers with Easy Apply Label Strip, White Tabs, 5 Tabs per Set, 5 Sets per Pack (11436) received the bonus of a binder with the label dividers.  It is my understanding that the binder is not a part of the package, so I will not describe the binder.**The first thing I did after opening the package was make two copies of the Easy Apply Practice Sheet because I wanted to test print directly from the template and not print on a plain piece of paper and hold it against the practice sheet as recommended.  I wanted to see it directly on the form.  Because the label sheet can go through a printer only 1 time, be sure you have enough ink in your printer, especially if you're printing in color.  Would be rotten luck to run out of ink halfway through the job.  Now 50 labels may seem like a lot, but if you're printing for an office or conference, that's a drop in the bucket.  If you're looking to print a row or two, this is not the best product for you.  This is suitable for larger projects which require repetitive applications and can save over the cost of having dividers professionally printed.  What makes this product different is that you print a sheet of labels, remove a strip then apply the labels onto 5 tabs with one movement.  You can reverse the process for labels on the reverse of each tab, hence the 50 labels on a sheet for 25 tabs.  The instructions on the back of the sheet direct the user to move from left to right in peeling, pressing and removing the strip, but I see no reason it can't be done from right to left because the margins are the same on both ends.  I became a little nervous when reading the instructions and saw, "professional-lookin g dividers", not a very professional look with the error in spelling.  Made me question all aspects of the product since there was an error in Avery's professional printing.  Anyway, I was impressed by the Avery website and template options available, and I also enjoyed playing around with the Design Pro offered from the website, especially for a Mac computer.  I designed my labels in color, ran a couple of tests, making the necessary adjustments in design and alignment, printed the labels with baited breath, and enjoyed the application process which was very fast and efficient.  The sheets are very white and crisp, have nice sharp corners, and the rounded tabs are nested together beautifully with no empty space between them.  I'm now trying to come up with another project to purchase more.I used these to organize my recipe collection.  They are easy to use, sturdy, and do just the trick.  Nothing not to like about them.The computer program you use to print these labels is very easy to use.  Only complaint is that if you don't like one thing on the test paper you print, you have to re-enter all the headings.  Other than that, very nice!  Results are great.  Vary the size, text style, etc. to suit you.  Recommended for easy, neat, nice-looking tabs.This is the first set of dividers I have come across that you can print on for multiple categories at once. The dividers fit a standard 3 ring binder. You print your labels on a strip that can then be applied to 5 dividers at once (must be aligned).Another great Avery product.My previous experience with Avery printable labels was less than satisfactory. I'm very pleased with these labels, however.One thing to be aware of: the product cover which notes that the "guarantee extends only to a sheet of labels that has been fed through a printer a single time". Initially I'd planned to use these labels and dividers for my son's school binder, which contains only 5 subjects, but since each sheet of label strips contains 25 labels (5 rows of 5) and can only be run through the one time, it would have been a waste.For personal use, I can't think of other similarly large projects for which I'd need 25 labels at a time. I imagine these would be wonderful in an office, though, or perhaps come tax season when it's time to organize receipts?I wound up using this to label my large, hyper-organized recipe binder and the results look stunning! Also, the Avery template software available for download at their site made it very easy to print labels for both the front and back of the dividers, which means I can find my way around my cookbook from either end now. Nice!That said, I wish the directions encouraged users to wait several minutes after printing before they apply the labels. Since I didn't, the ink on the first few smeared when I pressed them onto the dividers. By the second row, I knew better and the remaining labels turned out gorgeous.I choose this Avery product because I have been pleased with their products in the past. I was not disappointed!It's easy to go online, type in the number of the product, test it and then print. The user can choose between programs that can be downloaded or used online. I was using a computer other than my own so I went for the online program. It had a good number of choices and clear instructions. My only problem was that a small amount of the design on each label was cut off. It didn't really detract from the product and I probably could have changed it after my test copy if I had wanted.If you have any problems, there are several resources to find help including "help" tabs on each page, online chat and phone numbers. I also like that this product is made of 30% post consumer products.BEST OF ALL it is easy to apply 5 labels at once. With the arthritis in my hands, this is a major plus!This product by Avery is quite clever and simple for creating professionally-labeled dividers for projects needing five sections. Included are five sets of dividers as well as one sheet with ten sets of printable labels.The divider pages themselves are white, 30% post-consumer recycled thick papers, but not as thick as cardstock. Each page also has a thin plastic reinforcer strip along the hole-punched side, and similar clear-plastic reinforcement on both sides of each tab. The corners of the pages are sharp, not rounded. (may bend easily with use.)The peel-and-stick labels adhere well to the tabs, but also can be unpeeled from the tabs later, if you do so carefully. They are set up so that you can put them into your printer and use a program to print all fifty of them at once. (they can only go through the printer one time, so if you don't print all of them, you will only be able to re-use them if you hand-label them). The special feature of this set-up allows the user to remove each strip of five printed labels at the same time and lay them down on the dividers all at once.Right now I am using all five sets of five dividers in the same large, heavy duty Avery binder (five stars for binder) to divide and conquer a bunch of paperwork that has been piling up here, and hand-labeling them by pencil, so that's pretty neat. However this product is best used with large projects--that is, at least five dividable projects at a time, in order to make use of the printable format.I really wanted to review this but since I received a binder instead, I can't honestly say I've used these labels.  Vine mixed up my order.  Oh well.  The Avery Durable View Binder with 2" EZ-Turn Ring 17032 is nice, too.  Vine shows it in white but I got a dark blue one.In a previous job, it was my task to get books printed, most of which needed custom tabs. Unfortunately, having custom tabs printed cost an arm and a leg.  Because I was on a budget, I was forced to use those tabs where you type on the little strip and shove it into a plastic sleeve on the divider.  This was affordable, but it looked cheap and cheesy and I searched high and low for a better option.  Now that I'm no longer ordering custom workbooks, a solution to my tab problem has arrived.First off, Avery Index Maker Clear Label Dividers are EASY.  If you can fill out a form, you have all the skills necessary to make custom tabs.  The back of the package gives you instructions to find the software that works with either your word processor or as a stand alone program.  Install the software (which takes no time at all), fill out your information, and print out your spiffy custom tabs.  Align the label strip to the blank tabs, press into place and remove the excess plastic.  It takes longer to read my overly-long sentence than it did to make some tabs!I gave the product five stars, but I almost gave it four, mostly because you need to install software to make the index spacer work.  Every company I've worked for in the past fifteen years imposes strict sanctions against installing software yourself, and waiting for IT to approve and install it takes a long time. (Because they have so much to do) I ended up giving the product five stars because Microsoft Word is nearly ubiquitous, and this label template is included with Microsoft Word.  Just load the template and go.Great product, makes professional looking tabs, and saves tons of money over having custom tabs printed. Just don't let your boss know how easy it is or you'll be making custom tabs all day long!In the early days of my company we would work like mad to make up proposal section separation sheets that indicated the quality and professional that we were trying to present with our proposals.  We finally gave up and purchased separate stiff sheets that were professional printed with the desired section title; i.e., Personnel, Technical Understanding, Approach, etc.  Invariably the government would change the section titles every time we started a new proposal, so there were no scale economies available to "over stocking" separation sheets.Had I had this Avery product available, it would be an simple task to  change proposal section titles to match the latest government desires, yet still have a professional looking proposal. What a tremendous idea.  Well worth the cost and simple to implement.This is an excellent product that makes an ordinarily tedious job much easier.  The trick is the "Easy Apply label strips," which allow you to print all five index tab labels at one time using a Word template that Avery makes available online.  Once they're printed, you just peel the group of labels off of the sheet and press the labels onto the folder tabs.  There's also a set of individual labels if you don't need sets of five.  It takes less time to do it than it takes to read this explanation.  The dividers themselves seem very sturdy, and they should survive pretty rough handling in a notebook.A new way of doing divider tab labels isn't going to change the world, but this Avery product makes life just a little easier.  Bottom line:  Well worth the money.I think most people who use office products are familiar with the Avery brand and the normally high quality of their products.  This product is no exception.My husband has to put together frequent and spontaneous binders for his customers.  These need to be low cost but professional.  I'm happy to say this product makes the task quick, easy and inexpensive.Avery is one of the best companies!  They came through again with these dividers.  I used these in my portfolio and it came out awesome!  I will continue to buy Avery prodcuts for my work related projects.  Avery never disappoints you with the quality of their products!If you have a project that requires creating lots of binder dividers, this kits is just the thing! You'll save lots of time printing and labeling your dividers. If you just need the occasional divider, it's not really worth the expense, it's definitely best for situations where you have a good many of dividers to label.To use this product, first of all you have to download a template from the Avery website. Not necessarily a bad thing, but a time drain if you're on a time crunch putting together the final steps of a presentation. Then when you do have the template you find that the spaces you have to type your title in are ridiculously small - you have to play with font and size until it fits. Again, another time drain. In my case, the ultimate failure was that the tabs did not extend past the edge of my paper in the binder, making it look as if there was any organization. This required a mad rush to the local office supply store to purchase the old fashioned type of tabs, which looked much better. I would not recommend this product at all.These work great and make it very easy to put together multiple dividers (front and back) at a time. The added bonus is that I am able to get them all on straight because I have a longer line to follow as I am attaching them. I only wish I did not have to use the Avery website to print the labels. They used to supply a disk with previous purchases I have made and the disk included the application needed. I wish I could just download the app to my system so I did not have to learn how to navigate their website. Too complicated for just the few labels I want to print.Overall if you are putting together lots of labels it could be worth your time. There was also the ability to add graphics to the labels.We use this with a 2 inch Avery binder to keep all our finances and household affairs in order.  The tabs are great to quickly customize categories that need to be specific.  More useful than pre-printed tabs that just say BANK, HOME, AUTO, etc.  Very easy to set up, print and use.I am not impressed.  Sure, if you manage to get it just right, your tabs will look gorgeous.  But it is SO difficult to get right!  I wouldn't recommend these tabs...old school dividers with tabs that you can either write on or print out label for are MUCH easier and more practical for most uses.This product is worth the money for those preparing dividers for a large volume of binders.  The clever design of the tab labels allows the user to apply all 5 labels in the 5 divider set simultaneously and then peel off the connective piece leaving all 5 labels in place.  For anyone that has meticulously placed each label on dozens or hundreds of dividers getting ready for a business meeting, or creating a conference folder, for example, this can make a huge difference in time.  As well, the labels all go on straighter and more professionally.  Nice innovation!It is also nice that enough labels are included with the dividers to put the labels on the front and the back of the dividers.  **It's important to note though, that if putting the labels on the front and the back, the ones for the back need to be printed in the backwards order than the ones for the front.**  They do not illustrate this on their materials, and if it was in the instructions, I didn't see it!  This is important because there aren't extras and if it's done without that switch, the backs will have to be hand applied, negating the time savings!These labels are really best for those doing all 5 sets in the package at the same time, because making multiple runs though a printer with the same label sheet can be unreliable.  Also, setting it up multiple times negates much of the time savings as well.The package also comes with standard tab labels that can be applied singly.  All the labels can be handwritten as well.Recommended for those doing volume labeling.  Those labeling a few sets or a single sit can probably find a cheaper version.Easy to use.  Word 2010 has the template already installed, so it was quick and simple to print and create tabs for a presentation at work.With the labels all connected on a strip it is much easier to apply them squarely onto all the tabs.  It is also much quicker than peeling small clear labels and attempting to apply them neatly to each individual tab.This divider/label kit helps you step by step through the process of printing labels for your dividers, either with a downloaded Word template (which I used, with Word 2003) or online.  (Word 2007 comes with the template already, according to the package.)  Once you download it, it will appear under an "Avery" tab when you open the "New Office Document" menu.  I tried printing both text and picture labels, and fed the label sheet twice through the printer - it came out looking great and was as easy to apply as in the photo.  You can also print labels for both the fronts and backs of your tabs at the same time.  There is even a test printing sheet as well as extra labels to attach separately in case you want to reuse old dividers.  The binder is also very nice, with a rubber-coated lever and two pockets inside both the front and back covers.This review is for theAvery Index Maker Clear Label Dividers with Easy Apply Label Strip, White Tabs, 5 Tabs per Set, 5 Sets per Pack (11436) (Office Product)Much like another reviewer, we have a Mac system. I decided upon Macs because much of what we do is architecture, art and design work. If you use binders, Avery has a fine system. We probably use fewer because most of Our presentations are done on our Lap Tops and  our specifications and sketches come out of our design system in perfect order.We went through a series of errors and restarts to finally arrange a means of having the Avery system act compatible with the Mac. The process on a Mac was time consuming and a bit frustrating, but we finally achieved a sort of parity between Mr. Job's toys and Avery's.Fortunately, Avery included a practice sheet. I needed it, but most of the problems involved the Template sheet after that was resolved the divider labels were a cinchThe system Avery suggests is to print labels, align them against tabs, smooth down labels and peel the strip. The Easy Apply(tm) label strips help you apply multiple labels in and with their free templates at [...], you can use your inkjet or laser printer to produce prints hop-quality, customized tab labels with sharp text. Just print, peel and press.They also advocate that Dividers can be customized with content, color and graphics* Clear labels virtually disappear when applied to divider tabs, so your text and graphics pop* Durable tabs resist tearing and stand up to frequent use* Tabs can be labeled on both front and back for easy reference.All of that is correct, so if you need to use binders, the Avery system turns out very professional looking binders, forms and pages.I have used lots of tabs over the years, and these are a great, improved version from Avery - the tabs are a good paper thickness, look professional, and you can either write on them (I'd recommend using a Sharpie) or you can print the labels easily yourself.  Avery has nice templates to create these index labels - I'd still suggest a test print or two (hence the 4 star rating) because sometimes they might print a bit off, so testing is always ideal.  But I've not yet found a time when this isn't the case, so it's just a normal inconvenience of printing nice, professional-looking labels yourself.  I would definitely recommend this product from Avery, and have purchased many of these for use in my job - they are great!  I would like to suggest Avery make these in 5, 8, 10, 12, and 15 tab versions - I believe they do all except the 10 tab...which I like, but I would still recommend these!You can count on Avery to bring to market an excellent heavy-duty three-ring binder that can be depended upon to be easy-to-manipulate and hold-up to the abuse inherent in office work.I particularly like the plastic cover over the push tab to use open-and-close the rings to place the dividers and paper in. With free templates and software to make the index tab dividers and a study 3-ring binder to put materials in this is a good, solid, dependable product. The rings themselves appear to match up perfectly.Bottom line? Buy this heavy duty 3-ring binder you won't have to struggle ever again to open and close the rings like you do on most.Getting divider labels to look good has been one of my challenges. If you need dividers for presentations or just to look good it's almost impossible to get most labels to print out with the right alignment. Others I've tried I had to waste a whole sheet to get a couple of labels printed.These clear labels with the templates worked fantastic. The templates, printing, and results were flawless. The dividers themselves are tough, reinforced, bright white, and very crisp. I make binders and presentation materials that I can be proud of - and for my sales efforts help me win by being a notch better than my competitors. One of the few products that I use consistently and would not think of changing from.This 3 Ring Binder is well designed. Avery took what is wrong with most other binders and came up with excellent solutions such as the Pins for the Binder Ring connections. Other binders use V connections which don't always work well. I also like the Single Button to release the Rings. The curvature of the Rings makes it easier to handle large volumes of paper.The Labels are also Premium quality but I won't be using them with a printer or the free Avery software. Only reason is that I don't make that many Binder labels at any one time. But I have used other Avery label products with Avery's free software and they always worked well.If you want an above average 3 Ring Binder that can be used frequently and smoothly then I highly recommend this Avery product.Oh my Avery, how I LOVE you!!  I am a total neat freak and obsessed with file organization within my home as well as at the office.  I use other Avery label products to label my hanging folders, which this product isn't really good for because those have the little tabs that get shoved into the plastic clip.  I also have subfolders within my hanging folders (your basic 3-tab folder), and again, these labels aren't good for those either because those folders have a much wider labelling area.  So, minus a star for not being able to use these economically with other folders.  Of course, if you wanted to use these on your basic 3-tab folder, you could...but the label itself is not very long and you wouldn't be utilizing the wider space on the 3-tab folders tab...plus these cost too much to do that.  These are designed for 5-tab folder systems.Ok, now that I got my gripes out of the way...on to the good stuff!  Avery states you should go to their website and download the template (11436) to print these bad boys correctly.  I did not need to do that as both of my word processing software packages already had the template and it worked perfectly (I have Microsoft Word 2007 and OpenOffice.org).  Something I am a bit confused about, my package of trial labels came with 2 different label sheets that utilize 2 separate templates.  The first one is the one you see in the product image (11436), the one that makes applying 5 labels at a time a breeze (sheet contains 50 labels)....the second one looks more like your typical label sheet (template 612797) and contains 80 labels divided into 4 columns of 20.  Again, both Word and OpenOffice had this 2nd template and printed perfectly! (note template 612797 is exact same as Avery Template 5836)Others have complained stating they were unable to put the label through their printer for 2nd or even 3rd times making these a one-time-use sheet.  I did experience problems putting the label through a 2nd time on my inkjet printer, but no problems at all on my laser printer.  This I can't explain, but it is good news for me because now I don't have to print all 50 labels at one time or throw away the sheet if I only did print a few.No other reviews that I have read have stated how much text can be placed on the label.  This I find important, so hopefully me telling you helps.  Using your standard Times New Roman font, size 12, you can fit 23 characters across and on 2 lines....so 46 characters total.  This of course changes if you adjust the font type and size, or if you put an image on the label (yes, you can do that and it is awesome!!).These also come with a 2" 3-ring binder that has the vinyl overwrap on the exterior to insert a page on the front or back (I received a black one, but who knows if that is standard, or if colors are random).  The interior has 3 built-in pockets on the front & back (so 6 total) that are stacked evenly adding to the organizational appearance.  The binder has a rubber pull-tab to open/close the binder rings, which are D-shaped making turning pages and storing the binder closed less stressful on the holes of the paper in the binder.To start filling up that fancy binder and have a place to stick the labels, Avery includes a set of 25 3-hole-punched dividers.  These are white and have a reinforced plastic stripping over the label tab as well as along the side where the holes are punched (preventing them from being torn out of the binder or wearing out prematurely).  The dividers are thicker than your standard paper, but no where near the quality of say cardstock.  Shame on you Avery for creating such a wonderful label process with crappy quality dividers.If I haven't said enough already, let me say some more things.  I personally love these labels, but can see where others wouldn't.  You need to have a "need" for these labels or they will be a waste of your time & money.  My co-workers laugh at me when I'm on "another labelling mission", but when it comes time that they need a document and they can't find it in their poorly organized desks...who do you think they come to?I have always disliked binders since I was in high school.  It has been so hard to open one up to put index tabs and pages in, not to mention the pinched fingers I seem to get when opening one up.  When I received this binder I couldn't stop opening and shuting it because it was so EASY to do.  I really like the 5 tab Label Dividers.  I am going to make a family journal and this is perfect to start with my pages, then go to my grandparents on my Father's side, then my Mothers side and on to Great Grandparents.  The 5 tabs per set will give me just what I'm  going to need to work my Family Journal up!  How easy can this be to accomplish what has been nagging at me for so long not quite knowing how to put it together.  I will be able to use pictures with the journaling as well!  Avery has made this possible for me to now know how to do my Family Journal and also to easily put each of my children and grandchildren one together. I went onto Avery's site to look at the labels I can get by just downloading to Microsoft Word or to Adobe Reader.  Thank you Amazon Vine!This index label system is simple to use. I have to admit to being a little intimidated with trying to affix five labels simultaneously, but it's a lot easier than it looks. To help keep the dividers from shifting when applying the labels, I placed them in a three-ring binder.Even though I only have a simple inkjet printer, the labels ended up looking professionally printed and don't smear, which seems surprising on something transparent.There's a drawback, though, in that the label sheets are only supposed to, based on the manufacturer's directions, be fed through the printer once. This means printing 50 labels out. This is reasonable for office use, but for general home project/home office use, one-copy reports, and the like, it's too many. For example, I was printing labels and only needed 10 labels total for the two separate projects I was working on.While it's a great product, you ideally need to either have large projects to use the labels for, or plan ahead for printing out labels for multiple projects at once.The binder is a nice quality easy-touch 3-ring. But what makes this set especially nice is the dividers. Included are 5 sets of 5, with one set of traditional labels, one set of "easy labels," and one practice sheet. Templates are downloadable from Avery.The easy-tabs ensure that the divider labels align, which is a nice touch. I'm going to see if I can pick these up in colored labels -- that would be sweet and perfect for how I use this product (essentially a career portfolio).No issues, the product worked great, and fulfilled out need for label making. Would recommend to others in need of this type of product.Not only did I use these for notebook dividers, I used them to label file folders.  They fit and look great with some minor adjustments (putting one folder inside another).  One of the nicest aspects of using these for dividers is the straight placement.  I think they look much nicer than anything I've used before.  I have several notebooks that have over 25 dividers, so the time I saved creating and applying the labels is very much appreciated. I also took advantage of the fact that I could play around with section titles to see which would fit best.Avery labels are about all I can get either at my local Staples and Wal-Mart stores.  (I don't even know who else makes them anymore.) I'll be buying these again.First of all, unless you are in Vine, you DO NOT receive a binder with these dividers.  So disregard any comments about a binder in reviews when considering ordering this product.Printing them was simple as was applying them in the strips of 5 makes quick and easy work of getting the dividers ready.  The ink from my Canon inkjet did not smear at all.These dividers are great for large projects that you want to look professional.  However, the biggest drawback is that you must print all 50 of the clear labels at once.  This is fine if you have multiple presentations but makes it difficult to for smaller projects unless you want to write on the tabs, which defeats the purpose of getting printable tabs.  In short, this product is fantastic for making up presentation binders for a business, but will not be useful for setting up binders for your kids for school (since they are unlikely to need 50 dividers at once).  I would not use them for my own home use, but will buy more for my business.I gave this 4 stars in relation to using it for larger projects.I love the binder...ONE thumb open/close....you can't pinch your fingers in as you close....yeah!  How many times have I done that in my many, many binders.  Not anymore.  The index maker labels are a nice construction.  I hate it when you have to tape the actual dividers because they are falling apart.....not with these....very nicely put together.  Overall, a very nice product.It looks like Avery sent Amazon Vine a special packet consisting of a thick binder and printer labels.  This included a letter from Avery to Vine reviewers.The labels are durable.  Easy to peel off.  Great product for people looking to organize paperwork at home or in th office.i was looking for a good book stand for a while, i'm happy i found this one. tried it with a big hard cover book and it holds nicely. it's light and neat, and it easily folds for easier storage or transportation. i love itI used various book stands similar to these for several years, until I got my big desk, and I needed something to hold BIG books open. For that I got four of the deluxe book stands in wood, which could hold the largest study Bible. But now, that BIG desk is filled with monitors, and I have far less room for beefy book stands. Enter these small stands which, by the way, are perfect for Kindles, and which can fold away when not in use. They have an air of delicacy, but if you use them carefully, they have an important role in the changing face of bookpropology.I like this. It holds books well. It is holding up well and gets the job done. It is more for books you put would put on a table or desk to read. Not for say taking on a bus to read a paperback. The flipklip is great for doing that. This one is more of a "I have to type from a textbook onto my computer" kind of thing. It holds all books but thick volumes like a dictionary. This one is great for holding a cookbook while you are stirring a pot, for learning to type and it holding the book open, for hardbacks that you just don't want to hold with your hands and have it hold it open for you, things like that.Golly, I'm so grateful I found this on Amazon.  It just arrived yesterday, ordered two days prior, God love Prime!  I had another one for years, which I somehow misplaced.  Its flexibility makes it more than just a medium-sized book holder.  On the surface, it seems to be good only for your average NASB-sized hardback Bible (about an inch thick).  So the rest of this review is about how ELSE you use this thing.Right now, as I type, I've got the left 'hook' hanging over my flat-panel monitor.  So the thing is hanging by that left hook, diagonally (askew), and upside down.  The back long 'legs' are folded out, so think of the thing as in standing position.. but upside down.  A plastic clamp (could use even a big paper clip) holds a bunch of papers together, for input (about 10).  So this 'sturdy stand' also acts like a monitor clamp at eye-level, without the adhesive and flimsy plastic holders which so easily break.  The stand's rubber feet protect the metal ends from harming the monitor; frankly, the one hanging off the monitor isn't even touching the screen.  So two vital uses, not just one.You can also use the thing to prop up large/heavy books.  Or, to hold any size book yet allow you to turn the pages.  So, now it props up my huge Shakespeare book (about 2" thick?),  also here in Amazon, by Royal Shakespeare Company.  Or, ponderous short 3-inch (maybe 2+?) notebooks.  You just use the stand differently.  [A European style X-shaped dish rack, especially wood, is also useful.]  How?  Again, upside down.  I put the Shakespeare book on a mat, turned the 'sturdy stand' upside down and turned the back legs TOWARD each other.  Could use a rubber-like place mat, if reading from a table.  Something to give more traction for a heavy book.  Much better than your typical book holder, because it tilts backwards, and the upside down 'hooks' add support.Okay, so now suppose you don't need to read a book. You can fold the thing sideways and store it just about anywhere.. or, you can HANG it, using the forward 'hooks' for clothing, accessories, you-name-it.That's a lot of sturdy value, for five bucks.  In fact, why did I buy only one?  My bad!I thought this was going to be something else and was prepared to send it back, but then discovered it is the perfect size to hold an iPad. The iPad can fit on the stand either horizontally or vertically and the stand is sturdy enough so it doesn't cave in when using the iPad to play games.I bought this cheap stand, hoping that it can make my reading and homeworking a lot easier. I cannot sit at a table for hours, bending my neck forward to read a textbook, etc. All in all, it does hold small to medium sized books, as well as light electronics like tablets. However, I've found that it can be unreliable when turning pages.Design - the wires used are of good strength and quality, and is very easy to fit into place. Very intuitive to use.Strength - as I've mentioned, it can hold a small to medium book. Sometimes, wider books can be difficult to position.Turning Pages - I struggled with with this stand when I was turning pages. Sometimes pages would get stuck, but most of the time, the stand slightly moves, forcing me to fix the stand again.Overall, a great idea and great value falls short because it can be unreliable sometimes. However, keep in mind that this may just be my own unique experience. Others may have better luck than me.This is a very cool product made with just three pieces of stainless steel.It folds up into a very small space and holds a small to medium sized book in a near-vertical, open-face position with a certain panache.But if you're working from a very thick book, you need a different bookstand. The convenience disappears when you have to be finessing some of the pages of a large book onto the outside of the vertical 'placeholder' and the rest of them on the inside.I like the idea. 'Shame they don't make a large size, too.As a student, this came in very handy.  I was studying coding so looking at my textbook and typing the code on the computer was getting tedious.  This stand helped make it so much easier. It's sturdy and folds practically flat so when I'm not using it, I just stick it between my books.  Thanks, Fellowes!Excellent little book stand for the desk - but will hold a book no more than 1-1/2" thick, so don't expect it to hold a dictionary.  It's made of heavy solid wire and is sturdy and stable.  A good value.Smaller than I expected but it works just fine for what I purchased it for.I've used one of these for decades, all the way back to my university days, and it's definitely an old and dear friend. So much so that I recently bought a new one when the little rubber tips finally wore out on the old one.This book holder works really well for any kind of hardback, even a big dictionary. However, in my experience it doesn't work very well for trade paperbacks. They flop forward and don't hold at all well. If you want a really wonderful book holder for that purpose, I recently discovered theBookbax(which is also good for holding the Kindle and Kindle Fire and other tablet readers).I wanted something I could put on a table top to use for my guitar lesson book and it's perfect. It holds the book open, the legs are adjustable to make the posts that hold the book open wider or closer together. It folds flat to take with you though I haven't needed to do this yet.Terrific price for a very handy product. Beats having to move a music stand around the house.This product is perfect what I intended. It is light weight and I can pack it in my computer bag. Gone are the days when I used to struggle to hold books and type from them while at my laptop. I can put this at any angle of preference. Great buy! Great Product!I often take notes on the computer while I'm reading, and it's hard to hold them open to the right page and type at the same time.A friend suggested I pick up one of these, and it works quite well. It's inexpensive and easily folds up so that you can throw it in a bag.For my office, though, I ended up buying a more durable wooden stand. The problem with this stand is that while it will easily hold a book open to a specific page it is not as easy to switch pages. It's not hard, though, and for its ease of use and its portability I would recommend one of these to any student or scholar on a budget.I bought this in order to be able to prop heavy books in front of me on a table and also for use as a tabletop music stand on the occasions when I don't use a regular floor music stand.The item is well made of heavy-weight "wire" which is to say round metal rods bent precisely. It folds flat and can be easily stowed, either flat or hung from a hook. Folded, the dimensions are 6 1/2 X 9 1/2 X 11/16". Unfolded and ready for action, the space between the two "holders" is 6". The arms that extend upward to hold the pages in place are 1 3/8". These arms, therefore, do interfere somewhat with the turning of pages. No easy way 'round that. The spaces to hold the book are only 1 1/2" so you can't put a really thick book on this. That IS a drawback as you have to consider the entire thickness of the book, not just when you are reading in the middle of it. (The illustration, which I consider a bit deceptive, shows what appears to be a dictionary open to its middle. No way could that happen on this stand with my Webster College!) Also this device holds the material at quite an erect angle that cannot be adjusted. It seems an appropriate angle, though.The stand comes with little rubber tips in a plastic bag so you have to put them on the exposed metal tips yourself, no biggie. I do suggest a bit of Super Glue, having lost plenty of these protective tips over time.It's good for the price but I would recommend a better quality one.After using this for 3 months, I noticed an annoying flaw:It cause damages to my books because the book is only supported on a few spots (Mainly the 2 bars on the bottom.) So the weight of the book itself, or just the act of placing the book, would slightly crush the pages on those 2 points. This is more noticeable for paperbacks.So I think this should be used only for hardcover booksI often take notes and quotes from the books I'm reading. It was always a hassle trying to keep the book open to the page I was typing from. This light weight stand does the trick. Inexpensive, easy to keep with you, and very effective for holding a book in place at the page you need it at. Love this simple tool. Very helpful.I was looking for a bookstand that would not take up too much space on my desk at work, could easily be folded for storage when not in use, and on which I could read both professional magazines and my Amazon Kindle. This unit does the trick, but has its shortcomings.I have the following comments:1.There is no practical way to adjust the angle at which books or magazines are read. The only way to decrease the angle is by moving the back legs of this unit wider apart, but doing so moves the front legs closer together to the point where you cannot place a book on them. The reading angle is a bit more than I would like, but I have gotten used to it.2. This unit works fine on a small hardcover book (9x6x1), but not as well on a paperback book of the same size. The reason is that a hardcover book stays open more easily by itself, and the front legs on this unit do not keep a small paperback book fully open; you will have to press it with your hands to keep it fully open.3. There is no problem with a larger paperback book (10x7.5x1.25) since the weight of the book is enough to keep it open.4. This unit does not really work with any book thicker than 2 inches.There are other bookstands that have angle adjustments and hold books more easily, particularly larger books. However, those bookstands are more expensive, take up more space on your desk, and do not store as easily as this unit. Therefore you need to decide what your needs are. While this unit has its shortcomings, it is relatively inexpensive and easy to handle.My primary use is reading my Kindle and magazines. For that this unit is adequate.I have used this stand to hold knitting and crocheting books to look at the patterns, and also to hold magazines.  I have a neck injury and try not to look down at whatever I'm reading, so this stand works great. The two little legs can be adjusted in or out depending on the size and weight of what's in it. Right now I'm using it to hold a magazine that I read during breakfast.I like the idea that you can lay this copy stand flat and store it when not in use, and that you can even put a book in the brackets and it will hold it open while you type. (they give you around 1 1/2 inches). I also like that it's simple in it's design, all metal with plastic end pieces. The one flaw with this is that they need a piece going up through the center and topping it by about five inches since regular paper just folds over the top of the stand. I did remedy this by putting a metal ruler through it and it works fine. But even so, what was Fellowes thinking when they designed it? Just that one piece and it would be a five star.It might be hard to believe, but this type of wire stand has probably been around for over 35 years.  It is simple and easy to use.  You just unfold the "legs", and set it up on a suitable surface.  When you are done, it folds up into a relatively small space for easy storage or transport.  It works pretty well for many hardback books, and some paperbacks as well.The stand is made out of silver colored steel rods, and has two "legs" that swivel out from the frame.  The legs don't extend back too far, and the frame is small, but the stand is still fairly stable, and can be used with larger books.  On the opposite end of the legs, the rod is bent up 90 degrees, forming a section designed to hold the pages open.  This section is a little over an inch high, which isn't a lot.  Besides swiveling the "legs", not much adjustment is possible.When opened, hardbacks tend to stay open, while the opposite is true of most paperbacks.  That being the case, this stand works pretty well with most hardbacks less than 1.4" thick, and some midsized paperbacks.  It doesn't do so well with smaller pocket sized paperbacks, and large oversized paperbacks.The adhesive backing of paperbacks tends to close the pages when opened, so for paperbacks of a certain size, you may have some difficulty using the stand, unless you don't mind over bending the spine of your paperback to "crack" it open.  You can also adjusting the position of the legs, to try and "lock" the pages in place, which might possibly crinkle your pages, or make turning pages an adventure.  A larger, really stiff paperback, could possibly tip the stand over, as the pages attempt to close.Quality control concerning the legs is another issue.  In a clever design, the wire is twisted around to form a series of spirals, which are then inserted onto vertical rods on the frame, forming a "hinge".  Sometimes the fit of the hinge is too tight, but a loose fit is more common, and unfortunately legs that swivel too easily can make the stand less stable.  Because the legs are usually not exactly the same, the stand probably won't be perfectly level.  One leg is usually higher, so you might need to adjust the position, or even bend them a bit.This product is very durable.  I have a couple of them that are over 20 years old, and while the silver finish has a little corrosion, and some of the legs are loose, but unless a weld fails, the stand should last well past my lifetime.Fellowes apparently likes this design, as after many years, it seems largely unchanged.  I feel that they could have made a version with a larger frame, that elevates the book higher, and also has higher posts in the front to hold back the pages better, but what do I know.Besides books, the stand can also be used for any number of flat objects, like sheet music, a magazine, record albums (remember them?), or even an e-reader like a Kindle or Nook.  It might be a bit pricey for what it is, but it's nearly indestructible, so you probably won't be replacing it anytime soon.I see too many negative comments. It's 5 bucks. How powerful of a book stand do you want for 5 bucks? No it doesn't lock. No it doesn't hold 2000 page dictionaries. However....Yes, it's 5 bucks....Yes, it holds a college books....Yes, it stays still (even without a lock!). Good stuff for 5 bucks. It holds a book.If you're thinking this will hold a large book, it won't. A large hardcover book, like a certification book, would have to be less than 400 pages to fit in here. The only way it would fit a large dictionary, as pictured, would be if you opened it to the middle page and never wanted to read any place else.I've gone through quite a few wrist rests lately,  basically because my son (11) likes pulling at them till they fall apart, not a habit I encourage!  I need wrist rests because otherwise I get pain and can't use the computer.  This one is different in that it is feels like it's coated with plastic wrap rather than fabric. It's very comfortable and best of all my son can't pick at it as he did with the more fabric covered ones.  I have hopes that this will last longer.  It's firmer than other wrist rests I've used and also a little narrower.  Personally I would have  liked it to be a little longer and wider, it's the narrowest wrist rest I've ever used,  but then again,  it also uses less desk space and does the job.  Let's see if it lasts the distance.Edited to add,  7 months later it still looks like the first day it did when I took it out,  so it's outlasted the past few ones that I've bought,  I like the firmness and got used to the narrowness.  I would still like it to be a little longer but otherwise very happy with itI always have great luck with this product. It cushions my wrists gently, but firmly, so they don't after a day at the keyboard. I have the matching mouse pad, which is also fantastic for the wrist.I was really surprised that it worked well with the small Mac keyboard. Your hands are in a different position than with PC, but that doesn't seem to impact the effectiveness.Great buy for the price.The wrist rest is great, but I wish I had bought one slightly larger ... wider, that is, not longer or higher.  It would help a little bit more as a rest.Suits my needs just fine.  And I love that this wrist rest absolutely does not slide.  I also own a wireless Knicks keyboard which leans against the wrist rest so I don't have to worry about it shuffling around.only .5" high not .9"other than obvious lack of function due to height, the material is good, no leaks, does not stiffen up over time, no bad smellInnovera is a better brandThis is very comfortable for me when doing heavy typing.  Durable, cheap and not bad looking.  The gel feels great next to my wrists....My wife uses a computer for her job and she finds this very helpful to reduce fatigue of her hand and arm.She likes the size it's not to small or to big and the price was right.The onscreen color looks much lighter than the actual color.  It's actually more royal blue, or my favorite: "NY Knicks" blue.  And just like it's companion (Fellowes Gel Crystals Wrist Rest, 91137), which I also purchased via Amazon, the mousepad does not slide around.  I am very happy with both my mousepad and wrist rest.I got this new mouse pad/wrist rest when I got my new trackball mouse. I had read the reviews and I was impressed by the reviews that said the gel did not compress like the foam types.So far, my expectations have been met. The wrist rest is comfortable and it does not compress like my old foam one did.Being as I use a trackball, I did have one problem. My trackball mouse slid all over the pad when I pressed a button. I would expect that to be good news for people who use the traditional roll around type of mouse.My solution was to buy a set of those round non-slip jar openers for the kitchen. One of them under my mouse completely solved the slipping problem.I like this mouse pad/wrist rest so much that I bought a gel pad wrist rest for my keyboard. They are both great!only .5" high not 1.3"other than obvious lack of function due to height, the material is good, no leaks, does not stiffen up over time, no bad smellInnovera is a better brandOrdered for my husband as a birthday present and couldn't have picked anything better. He will not use any other wrist rest. His old one had some SERIOUS age on it but still worked GREAT. I just thought it was time for one that looked "fresher" and had a fresh mousepad surface. Fellowes mousepad/wrist rests are the best!!!The wrist rest is to hard and the mousepad is small.  I did not like it and returned it to Amazon.This mouse pad looks good, it is a nice blue color and a nice size for a small computer desk.  It provides support for my wrist, and I need it because without the support it is uncomfortable to use the mouse for more than a short period of time  (Review written by Bun's husband)My wrists used to hurt before I got this pad and after a week of using it my wrist doesn't hurt as much.this mouse pad never made it to my home. It is a nuisance to have to repeat myself over and over again.I saw a similar products (at my brother's) and appreciated the wrist support.  Sae this on Amazon & ordered it.  Like it better as it is firmer and gives good support for resting the wristonly .5" high not 1.5"fabric is not durable, wears through and hard to keep cleanother than obvious lack of function due to height, no leaks, does not stiffen up over timeInnovera is a better brandJust what I needed. I'm happy with the purchase and the color too.I bought this gel mouse pad to replace my previous Belkin Gel Mouse pad that finally gave out after 10 years of service.My old one lasted 10 years, at which point it got a whole on the wrist-rest and that was the beginning of the end for it.  The wrist-rest on this particular mouse pad is high enough that my hand is at a comfortable position. I got the blue one, which is like a pantone blue. Very nice.I started using the mouse pads with the wrist rest a couple of years ago.  Since that time I have had no issues with cramping in the wrist area, especially when I spend a lot of time online (especially with repetitive game moves).I own several Belkin products that I'm very happy with.  I already have this mouse pad in silver, but it is going on 10 years old.  I recently bought a new computer and decided to treat myself to a new mouse pad.  This blue color is a nice royal blue.  I am VERY happy with my new mouse pad!  Would definitely buy more Belkin products in the future.I found the magnetic strength of these sheets to be lacking. When cut into smaller pieces, about 1/4 of a sheet, they could hardly hold up a piece of paper on the fridge. Any smaller than that and they were lucky to stick to the fridge at all. The printing quality was decent. Had to feed them individually, which was expected. Also easy to cut with normal scissors.I used these magnet sheets to make my own custom fridge poetry. The sheets easily went through my laser printer and everything printed correctly. Cutting the sheets using a paper cutter and scissors was equally easy. Now I have custom fridge poetry.For my goals, this product was perfect.bought this to print pics on. works very well. ink does not smudge easily using an ink jet printer. husband loves it! definitely recommend it and will buy itI couldn't tell you how these print, since I'm not using them for that purpose... so please only read on if you're a Cricut user and interested in using them with your machine.I wanted to make magnetic paper dolls with my Cricut expression and the paper doll dressup cartridge for my daughters. I wasn't sure if these would be strong enough given the comments of how thin they are but since we plan to use our dolls on cookie sheets they will be more then perfect. Plus since they are thin instead of the usual recommended settings with the cricut you actually only need to multi cut these 2 times (I haven't tested yet but I think even once would work as long as you're using the deep cut blade set to 6 and pressure at 4 or 5).I also used them to just make cute magnets for the fridge with the cricut. Though I'm not sure they would actually hold up more then a single piece of paper they do stay up well on their own even with 2-3 layers of paper glued to them (ie I cut the base shape out of the magnetic paper, then the base shape again out of my background color, then they layers and glued them all together). Super cute!They also cut very easily with an exacto knife or scissors. For anyone curious the surface is matte not glossy, so sadly I don't think they would work at all with the alcohol inks.I bought these to print out pictures, cut them up into puzzle pieces, and place them on a magnetic rectangle so they can be rearranged into the right places. The magnet they are placed on is pretty substantial (at least the thickness of all 5 sheets of this paper), and the puzzle pieces stick fine when the whole thing is lying on a table, but when I lift it up sometimes the pieces fall off!I tried sticking a piece on my fridge and it wouldn't stay--and the packaging says it will stick AND hold up a piece of paper on most metal surfaces. I couldn't get it to stick at all! And the magnetic paper just stuck on a good magnet doesn't even stay very well when it's lifted off the table so that gravity is affecting the pieces. Overall, it works fine for my purposes because the puzzles are meant to stay on a table, but I just can't see any use for them beyond that.I used this item to make a sign that requires no additional material to hang.  It works perfectly and it allows you to make neat looking signs.I love making refrigerator magnets with these sheets, they're super easy to use and work very well. They have decently strong magnetic force, and can hold a couple of sheets of paper if the finished magnet size is 3&#34;x 3&#34; or larger.These sheets are great and using the required inkjet printer does not smudge once printed. Sticks well to surfaces and holds it shape well.This stand looks really nice and does it's job well. I have one at work and home and it is great for freeing up some desk space.Measure carefully because I did not. Yes, the outside measurement of the stand is 14-1/2 inches, but my laptop is also 14-1/2 inches, so rather than sitting on the desk below my monitor, it sits on the legs of the stand. This means I need to be very careful with the docking station so it seats in properly. But the stand looks nice and will do for now.This is a basic stand for a monitor.  It's just a curved metal tube with a metal plate affixed to the top.  The first one I got was defectively assembled -- the metal plate on top was crooked, badly out of square.  I returned it, and the replacement is much better.The color is a sort of metallic black.  There is a gray Allsop logo painted on in raised letters on the front right part of the tube.It gets the job done and looks decent enough.For the last few years, I've been using my Subwoofer as a monitor stand and decided it was time to man-up and buy a monitor stand. I found this one (and a few of the others) and decided on the pewter colored stand, and I love it.Don't expect this monitor stand to push you to the edge of life, or anything, but it's a good stand. It's also a nice bonus that I can set my keyboard directly underneath the stand.If you own a laptop and use an external LCD monitor or you are just looking to sneak some small peripherals or desk accessories beneath your monitor or an inkjet printer, look no further. The MetalArt Jr. is a classy alternative to molded plastic stands intended for beafier CRT monitors. I ordered the product to use as a stand for a 17&quot; LCD monitor. Not only does it raise the monitor to the ideal height, but it is spaced perfectly to store my IBM T40 laptop and docking station neatly beneath. The perforated metal at the top of the stand allows air to flow freely and keeps both the laptop and monitor cool.The description doesn't give the dimensions of the stand, which are very important since its size is not traditional, so I'll list them here (from the manufacturer): 11&quot; x 15&quot; x 4.5&quot;.The item holds my new 22 inch LCD just fine.It doesn't bounce and shake if knocked, so the monitor is nice and safe.We bought three and all three came with cheap, sloppy paint jobs. So to match my all black computer I spray painted them and it looks like I bought it that way.The space under is perfect for my Logitech Wave Keyboard to slid out of the way or a nice place to throw those pads of sticky notes, pens and whatnots.OVERALL:We've bought one for all three family members and its been great to gain some desk space and ensure we are more ergonomic by having the monitor at the correct hight for the desk/chair setup. Its the cheapest metal unit I could find and it holds up under the weight just fine.We've used these at work for years.  Now that I've converted to a Windows 8 tablet, I purchased two more (one for my home office and one for work).  Now my main monitor sits on a large one, and the tablet sits on the smaller one - enabling me to make use of both screens - and it opens up space below the monitors for other office items.Great little stand. I use for my external hard drives to allow heat to dissipate. I also used for my PS3 to avoid overheating.I bought about 14 of these for 17-23 inch monitors. They hold up nice and also look nice. They have been used for about 7 months now with no problems or complaints by the people using them. I would buy this item again.I bought this stand to support a smaller printer, with storage for paper underneath. The stand is perfectly stable, and the pewter is a neutral dark silver that does look like the Amazon picture.The stand is wide enough to store a ream of paper underneath, as well as smaller stacks of photo paper. Very pleased with the usefulness of this stand.love itI needed more space for "digital devices". I have a laser printer and needed a place to put the office scanner I just purchased. This fits perfectly on top of the printer without making the printer unusable. The paper comes out of the printer and the scanner sits right on top of this awesome device.The stand is metal and very sturdy. It can easily hold an old CRT monitor... though, who even has one nowadays?It is marketed as a monitor stand, but you can (obviously) use it wherever you want and put whatever you want on it.My new stand arrived 100% assembled.  I figured I would need to put it together....not the case.The color matches the picture and the finish is even and well applied.I got this to place my 23 inch Dell multi movement ultra sharp monitor.  It seems well made and I expect years of use.I bought the stand to raise up my little HP Printer (a great little printer, by the way) and the stand does a great job of it at a low price and is more than strong enough for something heavier, like a flat screen monitor.Does the job perfectly as described - holds the tv above the dvr box and is attractive on the tv stand!I got this as a stand for my PS2 Slim.  I was worried about generated heat and this metal stand makes a great heat sink.  It's even got holes in it that add even more ventilation.  I now have room to store my controllers under the system so as a space saver alone it was worth the nominal price.  This is the cheapest monitor stand of reasonable quality I have found.It would also make a very nice stand with passive cooling for your laptop, if you were typing on a coffee table that's lower than the couch you're sitting on.  Set on a normal desk, its height would be a bit cumbersome to type on, unless you hooked up an external keyboard.Be clear, this *will not* support much weight.  The whole missing front support is a design is flaw in my opinion.  However, if you're using it for something light it's great.  The color isn't as nice looking as the picture would lead you to believe, but I really don't care.Printer Paper Avery 3x5 Index Cards / B00006HPWAI bought these for use with my AccuChef recipe program to hold and store recipes, and I'm very happy with them. The paper works flawlessly with my printer (Canon PIXMA MX860 Wireless All-In-One office Printer), and the perforated edges make it easy to detach the cards after printing. The cards can be printed on front and back, which is perfect for large recipes.Do note that you need to fill up all three index cards before detaching them, or else you'll end up wasting the empty ones - my printer, at least, isn't set up to just take in one card - it has to be a full sheet.~ Ana MardollMy wife needed some cards for recipes and we ordered these since there was a discount on the box. The cards are good quality card stock and we can print three recipe cards per page.With a little work on the computer you can add just about anything you want on the cards and the bakers and cookers will thank you time and time again. By adding some color you can make those plain white cards into a very nice recipe card.The card stock is much thinner than expected.As such, these are way overpriced.They did feed well through the printer, however.I've been a user of 3 x 5 cards for decades. There's always a stack of them in my shirt pocket, though I do admit to not using them consistently.Right now, I'm working on a project that requires me to catalog dozens of snippets from various sources and then integrate them into my writing. Typical outlining programs won't handle this well, so it's back to the index cards. Fortunately, one of my outlining programs handles output to the Avery cards.You can also use them with Microsoft Word, FileMaker, Access and any other program that lets you format your print output.These things tear neatly and accept laser or inkjet output.Brutally expensive when compared to ordinary index cards, but incomparably handy. Worth the price when you need a foolproof method of printing index cards. The regular ones often don't get along with some - actually many - printers.JerryThis product is very good and has a variety of uses.  I use it for making small labels and other types of information cards.  They can be easily laminated and used over and over again.I needed to print index cards to keep membership records for a club (of 120 members) and I went to a well-known chain office supply store to pick up a package, which probably would have bee available for the standard cost of $24.50. Of all the AVERY products on the shelves of this story, wouldn't you know - the only item they do not carry is this one. The sales clerk offered to order a package for me but I said NO THANK YOU VERY MUCH - I WILL ORDER MY OWN FROM AMAZON, which I did and saved myself about ten bucks in the process. With the Prime free shipping, I received them in no time, and they are all printed and ready for the membership chairperson to do her thing.The printing went very smoothly.  I used the avery label preset for the item number and created a 4-page document for printing, 3 labels per page, and made each page a different color - to conserve my ink supply of any particular color, as well as to keep working with the cards from being boring. I rear loaded my printer (though the cards would probably have fed through the bed just as well but why take chances) and they went through like a charm, no snags. Breaking off the edges and separating the cards was literally a snap. WILL order again.Its a good mouse pad. Decent quality. Excellent if your on a budget.It is easy to use and the mouse glides but doesn't slip around. It has been great also to protect my table.I like this Pad it works well for my wireless mouse since I scared up my Desk and it didn't work so well on that ant more. So covers the defect and looks nice too. Stays in place well had one that move around alot so this is a plus.I've worn out the mouse favorable coating on the the shelfe. The new pad is great and my new mouse responds really fast as I use it.  My wife favors it because, &#34;it's coloered to match&#34; everything else, black.  The old mouse mouse was white.  The rubber base keeps the pad from moving around and has improved my game playing.You just can't beat this mousepad for the $2 price. Surface works with all varieties of mice - optical, regular, etc... Nice surface texture and thickness. Rubber backing grips desktop surface firmly.You would thing that all mouse pads are the same, but this is not true. While it does not have a fancy design, just plain old black, it stays where I put it and my mighty mouse just works great. It does not collect litter as some cloth bases pads do, the graphics (since there are none) do not wear off. Great.TheBelkin F8E089-BLK 8-by-9-Inch Mouse Pad (Black)is the first mouse pad I have purchased in a decade or so, and it is the only one I have ever had that actually worked well with optical mice. Occasionally, it will not track correctly, and I have to give the mouse an extra nudge, but so far this has been a rare occurrence. The only problem I have had was that the mouse pad reeked of chemicals (the rubber bottom?) when I removed it from the box, but that has almost entirely dissipated. If I put my nose next to it I can still detect the smell, though. Someone with a sensitive nose might be bothered.I've used another similar one for years and this one, hopefully, will last as long. The glide is smooth, it resists grit and dust more than other pads I've had and it's cushy comfortable to use.simple and holds well to the desk..I prefer solid colors so this suits me. Seems odd to do a write up but I have used pads that moved around the desktop, or didnt do well with a mouse. This one does everything its supposed to.I must say that it is a good size. Once I put it in the cage it lays flat and it looks like about 32 mice can sleep on it at one time. They all get a good night's rest with this mouse pad and all wake up cheery and happy and full of beans and ready for a good day's work on the old exercise wheel or tearing through the maze like gangbusters.Weird smell coming off this mouse pad. Like cHopefully it goes away. Other than that, its a mousepad. Not much to comment on. It works well with my optical mouse.I bought this mouse pad to use in my home office.  It is small so it does not crowd my desk and is functional.Nothing spectacular about this mouse pad.  Do not use it anymore because I have acquired a cordless mouse which uses laser technology.This is exactly what you'd expect, and it's a good thickness (better than some of the more thin and flimsy ones). For our darker wood desks, the black color does better at appearing less evident than the other, lighter colors.At the price that's offered, it's no wonder that thisBelkin 8-by-9-Inch Mouse Pad (Black)is the #1 in sales for mouse pads. It's simple, basic black and the perfect 9.2 x 8.3 inches that have almost become an industry standard. There are no duckies, Hawaiian tropical flowers, basset hounds, sports team logos, photos of Sports IllustratedSports Illustrated swimsuit models, hot air balloons, comic book characters, or images of mountains that you'll probably never visit. It's just a basic black mouse pad; nothing more, nothing less.But... oh, the smell! Maybe that's an added feature, a freebie that wasn't noted in the product specs?Actually, there's a fast and easy solution to remove that somewhat noxious odor, but bear with me so that you'll understand the logic. Some of the first mouse pads were actually made from manufacturer's scrap of the same neoprene foam backed with a thin sheet of nylon or Spandex that we find in Scuba and free-divewetsuits, and some of us made out own mouse pads from worn out or badly torn wetsuits.So what does this have to do with smelly mouse pads?That's easy: those old wetsuits stunk when new, but one hoped the atrocious smell would go away by the second or third dive. However, they smelled like a cross between a wet dog and dead opossum road kill when left in a plastic bag in the trunk of a car for a few days after a dive, so they had to be washed... and quickly. Today we have products such as Sink The Stink Wetsuit Wash and others to deal with getting rid of the stench. But these cost more than the mouse pad itself, which is ridiculous.The solution is simple: wash the mousepad thoroughly with your standard kitchen dishwashing soap. Good old green Palmolive works fine. Rinse it and gently wring out the excess water, then wash it again the same way (think of it like shampooing your hair). Set it on a flat surface between layers of paper towels to blot up the excess water. Depending on your climate, it should be dry and ready to use within a day or two.  I'm not going to suggest that you try this, but there are some of us who take our mouse pads and put them in the washing machine with older dark clothes. Just remember to not put them in a clothes dryer.OK, back to the mouse pad.It's good, it's priced right, it's functional, it will work with just about any mouse, be it optical or the older one with mouse balls. Wash it and get rid of that smell that makes one think you pulled it out of a garbage dump or an old tire recycling plant and it will last a long time.9/5/2012For the price this mouse pad is, it works great.  Firm grip on the bottom and smooth on the top.  The right size for a mousepad and I really like it.It is a mousepad and it is cheap. Pretty self explanatory. I do not have an issue with its durability or anything. It is a good buy for the price but likely not up to par for people who are doing intense gaming. Just a standard size and standard material used for most mousepads.What can you say about a mouse pad.  It's rubber, it grips the surface, and you use it for you mouse.  This one is thick and substantial.........and we're pleased with it.Yep - it stinks.  Smells like old rubber and stinky cigars.  I was surprised at how noxious the smell was.  I've own/used plenty of mouse pads over the years and never noticed any type of nasty smell to them.  They generally don't smell at all.  I ended up putting this one in the cold garage for a few days and now the smell isn't as noticeable.  If it really bothers you, you could try putting it in a bag with a dryer sheet.  Otherwise, it's a mouse pad and works like a mouse pad should.  Just don't understand why it smells so bad.This is a standard mouse pad.  It smelled strongly of rubber when it arrived, so I left it outside on the clothesline for a couple of weeks before I brought it in.  It's well made and does the job just fine.Good product, it was cheap but at the same time it did pretty well its job. Recommend for your mouse.I had a similar style (fabric-over-rubber) mouse pad since the 90s that I got from a store as a "gift with purchase".  It worked with both ball and optical mice, but it started to peel from age.  My old employer had some promotional pads made from vinyl and I couldn't believe how much build-up generated on the bottom of the mice.Found these here at Amazon and ordered 3 - this is exactly what I wanted... a durable fabric-over-rubber mouse pad, perfect size for the desk, inexpensive, and functional.  No markings or logos on it, just plain black.  Couldn't ask for better.Bought 2 of these to replace one that I beat up a lot.  For the price these pads are soft, large and really good.For the price, this is a great deal. This works perfectly.My only complaint is the smell. The smell lessens after a while but it doesn't seem to go away completely.It will always have this weird smell.Top quality at a very competive price.  Works wonderfully and is one of the best pads I have ever used - looks like it is made to last. Highly recommended.  Russ Pendred, Ocean Isle Beach, NCSimple and cheap mouse pad I had a glass desk and was using a book as a mouse pad but this mouse pad works way better.  I have spilled a lot of water and other liquids and was thankful it doesn't hold water.  Its still in tip top condition and is still holding up great.Newer optical laser mouse has trouble tracking on uneven or glossy surfaces. This mouse pad is thick and soft and fills the contours where a mouse will have trouble tracking. Nice quality at a cheap price. Similar fancy pads at Best Buy are over $10.I have nothing bad to say about this pad.  No nasty smells.  Holds up nicely.  Works well with my optical mouse.A lot of people (myself included) complain about how expensive Avery labels are as compared to the competition. However, what you don't hear enough of is praise for their performance. So, I'll just say it: Avery labels perform better than the compettion. They adhere better, they're thicker, they block out what is underneath better, and they don't peel of the backing and ruin your expensive office printer. Quite simply, for laser or injet labels, Avery is the clear winner in quality and performance. You get what you pay for.I use these as labels for bottles. It is the perfect size for labeling 12.7 ounce bottles. The positive points are:1 - They do not jam, bend or otherwise get messed up during the printing cycle.2 - They peel easily from the sheet, but stick VERY firmly to glass.3 - They are thick enough so that they can be applied to bottles smoothly with no wrinkles. This is a HUGE advantage over some other types of labels we have tried.4 - The 5264 template is built in to most major software packages. Setting up the labels for printing was a breeze.The negatives are: Haven't found any yet!One reviewer mentioned that he had problems removing labels once they were applied to bottles. First, that's generally a good thing. The last thing I would want to happen is to have the labels just slide off after getting wet or being subjected to temperature changes. However I tried removing labels for the first time last week and didn't really find it all that hard. What I did was rinse the bottles with hot running water for a couple of minutes. I then places the bottles in a boiling water bath for 5 minutes. The labels peeled right off for the most part. In a couple of cases there was a bit of adhesive left on bottles, but that rubbed off easily enough while the bottle was still hot.My wife actually then used a bit of an environmentally friendly degreaser on a bottle that was not boiled, and that seemed to remove the adhesive easily enough as well.I highly recommend this product.it is expensive, cost about 50%-100% more than a no name.But is worth it if you need something really good. Printing has not jammed so far. Stickers have not fall yet.My previous one jams for wvery 20 or so pages. Also fall from plastic bags after a few days (I might be not comparing apples to apples, as the previous labels has a smaller size. I have to use the labes between two plastic bags and let the outer places a little pressure on them.Applying on papers, no difference.They have done excellent job of shipping. It came right even before they said and we are on  two opposite coasts in USA. Good job of packing and shipping. My only complain is they said when I looked last time that I bought the last of this label. If they continue the way they have done for me. They will have my business. See price is everything. I have been using these labels for years so I do  know if they are good or not. I know they are. I know they come in two forms one is high gloss other is not. Not sure which one I got it is not at home.Your product is the same as the local stores but at an affordable price.Keep it up guys.Thanks to you we can afford to buy good brand name labels instead of chain store knock offs.Fast shipping...great price...best of the best...I tried the cheaper labels and they were a complete disappointment.The Avery labels are just the best...I'll never use any other brand again.Ol' Dave said thatWe only buy Fellowes shredders and have found them very reliable.  I originally purchased the oil for the cutters directly from Fellowes a couple of years ago; the bottle was smaller and more expensive at the time.  I was quite pleased to find this product available from Amazon at a good price and larger bottle.I think a lot of people buy a shredder, not knowing that it does need some maintenance to keep it in top shape.  Besides not overloading your shredder's capabilities or shredding material that you shouldn't, the next best thing you can do to protect your investment is to regularly lubricate the cutters.  This reduces wear, noise, and can prevent the teeth from breaking.Be sure to read the instructions for your particular shredder, however, about the type of oil to use and the frequency.  You may be tempted to use other types of oil you already have around your house or WD-40 or something, but many of those things are flammable and will only serve to damage your shredder or worse.As another reviewer said, be careful when cutting the tip on the bottle because if you make it too big, the oil will be harder to control.I gave it 2 stars because it does not have a warning label.I had purchased this at another store and when I first used it I cut too much off the nozzle and spilled some on a trash bag. My cat started licking at it and had to take her to the vet because the bottle does not have any warning stickers. It turns out that the product is mostly vegetable oil and the worse that I would have to watch for is diarrhea in my cat.The product works really well but it is a danger to pets because of the oil's sweet scent. I'm only buying it again because it works great, is the same price as they other store, and because I now have my shredder protected from my cat. I strongly advise anyone who uses this product to keep their shredder covered if they have pets or something that may be attracted to the oil. Especially if it has an automatic turn on to protect your pet if they put their tongue in your shredder.Update** I was really upset when I tried writing this review. A better explanation is in my response to a user's comment.I am on my second shredder.  I did not use shredder oil on the first one, and after about 1 year use it froze. I was not able to get it going again. When I bought a replacement shredder I began applying shredder oil every month and I can really tell the difference.  The shredder is three years old now and operates as well as new. The motor sounds even it chews through the papers very well.The bottle is easy to open and a long extension nozzle is helpful for precise place-ment of the drops. Each application requires only a small amount of oil. I would say I put a total of 8 drops in the opening, and then move the blades in both directions.  This takes a total of many 20 seconds.I read that once this oil runs out it can be replaced by vegetable oil and I will try that, however this is not going to happen any time soon as I use very little during each application, so this bottle is going to last a very long time.I noticed that the price on the on this product fluctuates. There is a nice online tool that I use to help catch a good price on Amazon, this tool is called  "Online Price Alert".  This tool will send you an email when the Amazon item price reaches the target price range that you specify. If you search on "online price alert" in Google it will be come up at the top.  I find this tool to be very helpful.Love the reviews....  just opened this and ran a few pages through the shredder and nicehad another brand of the same stuff before I moved and would not have bought this except my daughter moved me and did not bring it...  expect with the use this shredder gets this bottle may last as long as I do~  (I'm 70)After my shredder started to make slow progress taking papers to be destroyed, I ordered this oil to fix the problem.  It has exceeded my expectations many times over.Now that I've finally learned to read and follow directions, I know why a couple of shredders crapped out on me so quickly.  Every time I empty the waste bucket, I spray a bit of this lube on the cutters, and run them forward and reverse.  So far, my latest shredder is running smooth as silk, with this simple bit of prevent. maintenance.The oil itself seems very good, no smell or spatter when I'm lubing the cutters.  And a little bit goes a long way.I bought this with a cross-cut shredder as I thought perhaps some special type of oil was needed to lubricate the machine (true with many items.) As it turns out, my shredder can be lubed with simple cooking oil; my bad.Knowing what I now know, I believe the product is somewhat overpriced. But the reason I gave this product 3 stars & not five is both the container design and the way it is presented in the product description. There is nothing that I would call an "extension nozzle". There is a nozzle (exactly what you see in the product photo). To me, an extension nozzle is something that attaches to the regular nozzle and lets you dispense the product in a controlled manner.With this product lets the oil (which is very light in weight) pour rather than drizzle out of the nozzle (note: the word extension not used). My shredder said to "drizzle some oil on a piece of paper" yada, yada yada. I cut the nozzle on this container at the marked "cut line", but the oil poured out so quickly that it saturated & puddled on 2/3 of the sheet before I could stop.I have a real extension from one of my gun cleaning kits that fits this nozzle, and I will be using that henceforth. In the future I will refill this bottle with simple vegetable or canola oil.First shredder we had we used spray that came with it, we used it once a month and the shredder last 6 months. It started making a weird sound in the first three months so this time we went with regular liquid oil this time. We had two deaths in the family so lots to shred (a years worth under normal use) and this is either a better machine or this type of oil works better, I'm guessing it's the oil.I use it after every bag of shredded paper.  It can be a little messy because the applicator nozzle creates large drops that are hard to get in the slot unless you have very good aim.  Lubrication of the confetti cutters is definitely needed to maintain the shredder and get maximum life.  The bottle will probably outlast the shredder.  We'll see.I guess it does the job, but it sure is messy.  I think I'll just buy the paper that's already treated to run through the machine next time.The point is, it's a large bottle of oil that one is prompted to buy when purchasing a paper shredder. Then when you read the instructions on the shredder, you discover that a few drops of vegetable oil on a piece of paper and then fed into the shredder works just fine.This was a needless expenditure and now I'm stuck with a fairly large bottle of lubricating oil that I have no use for.My wife and I shred just about everything, but you only need a few drops each time you change the bag.  If I am still alive when this bottle is empty, then I will consider myself lucky.  Maybe we can put it in the will for our grandchildren someday.This is a great product that will help keep your paper shredder gunk free and working great for a long time. Just follow the instructions on the bottle. A little goes a long way. I would recommend this product to anyone that is concerned about keeping their paper shredder working at its best.There was at least one reviewer who had indicated the price of this lubricant was reasonable.  I am not sure he calculated its cost which is roughly $87.00 per gallon.  At that price it may be cheaper to never lubricate your shredder and just replace it when it wears out.  I am not advocating that you should not lubricate your shredder, but just plain motor oil will be nearly as good and a lot cheaper considering that you can lubricate many items in your home by using an inexpensive oil can filled with inexpensive motor oil.  Some may want to use a light grade in one can and a heavier grade in another, but you can save yourself a lot of money over the years by not buying "special purpose" lubricants when they are not really needed.  Of course you would want to use higher priced synthetic oils like Mobil One in your Ferarri or Mercedes that is required for their warranty, but even that standard for high performance engines is still more than 10 times cheaper than this "Shredder Oil".  Decisions on the use of certain types of oil are not going to make or break you, I am just suggesting putting such small decisions into perspective.  Its similar to the example of the guy who buys a new car every two years and trades his old one in, but he will change his engine oil every 3,000 miles because that's what his father told him to do.  The only reason for changing the oil so often is if you are selling your car to your father who will keep it for years.In conclusion, if it makes you feel better using the "special $87.00 per gallon shredder oil" I think you should do so.  But you may want to acknowledge that at least some of your decision is based upon how you feel as opposed to how you think.We do a lot of shredding as part of our non-profit business, and want to keep our Fellowes shredder running for a long time.  This oil is great, and comes in a size large enough to last for a long time. The long nozzle make the application of the oil simple.  Good product, good company...If you get a decent shredder, like we did, it is also worth the money to get lubricant for it. This is a good oil, but I can't help but think I could have just used canola oil from the kitchen, as this product is labeled vegetable oil.I use this to lubricate the blades on my Fellows shredder. It is excellent. Highly Recommend. All Fellows items seem to be high-quality.It is OK but messy. Just Canola oil periodically. It does come with 3 ways to use it but it is oily so messy. I recommend it as it is preventive and shredders are not cheap. I don't know if it is really necessary; maybe some drying silicone spray would be better.There is a lot of debate on whether you should just buy cheap canola oil for your shredder or more expensive shredder oil.  I'm sure both work fine, but is the $5-6 price tag on this really worth taking the chance?  For a moderate home user, 12oz of Shredder Oil will last probably longer than your shredder (maybe two shredders).  I for one think that this is a small price to pay to protect my $250+ Fellowes Micro Cut Shredder.  As far as the product goes, it works great.  I have had my shredder for a couple of years with moderate use and there has been no build-up of oil or slow downs in its function.  It is still working as well and as quiet as it did on the first day.  I use the oil every bag change or if I haven't used it in a few weeks.  Great product at a reasonable price.I have used this regularly to maintain my Fellowes Bulldog shredder over the last 4 years.It does its job and definitely makes the shredder sound alot smoother and probably has contributed to the lifespan of the shredder.Thtat being said, its just vegetable oil.  I bought one bottle, learned it was just vegetable oil, and now refill this bottle with vegetable oil -- it does help to have a good dispensing bottle -- so you may want to purchase this and refill like I did.This oil comes in a plastic container with a nozzle that makes it easy to lubricate the shredder. Yes, it is outrageously priced but it does the job it supposed to do. I just don't believe a product should be given a poor rating because of the price. I do believe that price is a factor in the purchase decision but not in the product itself. But, that's just my opinion. When I run out of the Fellowes lubricant I will refill the container with vegetable oil because of the price but not because of the quality of the Fellowes oil.This should be a standard item supplied with any shredder.  it lubricates the knife pivots and will extend the life of your shredder considerably if used every time the shredder is emptied.Very good product. Ever since using it, the shredder definitely sounds to be working smoother and definitely more quietly as it shreds.We've used this for two years with our shredder, and the machine still shreds just fine, so I guess it works as advertised.  The only drawback is that it is a little messier than the lubricated sheets used for the same purpose.Other than the cleanliness of the sheets (1.33/sheet, a new one to be used every time the basket is emptied), I don';t think they're as cost effective as the oil.  It's cheap, it'as easy and it stares at me from my shelf so I won't forget to use it.I paid $6 for an Amazon website recomendation to purchase with my Amazon Shredder  .... WHAT BUNK!!  No where in the manual does it even suggest using oil, but there is no where to even use the oil if you wanted to because the blades are covered with a protective sheild and the oil directions state to put this directly on cutting area!!  Not that $6 is a lot of money, but NEVER EVER should a recomendation link recomending 2 products be purchased for use together, when they cannot be, especially when it does not line-up with the manufacturers recomendations. FALSE ADVERTISING basically.I am glad I followed the manual on my Fellowes Shredder.  Keeping the shredder oiled properly really helps it running for the long haul.This product is great and works as advertised. It's a small price to pay to extend the life of my shredder. Buy it, use it, and keep that shredder working at peak.The only reason I bought this product is because of the bottle.  I could not find a bottle with a long nozzle in my area.  I'll be refilling the bottle with cheap vegetable oil.  I couldn't even find this product in local office supply stores.  The only thing I could find was a pack of ten sheets of paper impregnated with soybean oil for $9.99.  I left the store in a huff that somebody would even think of charging that kind of money for soybean oil. There is simply no need for it.It doesn't really matter what make of shredder you have...after a while, you have to oil it to keep the blades happy.  Well, this oil is made just for that purpose and it does a great job...highly recommended (and needed if you have a shredder)...We've been using those oil-filled sheets that you run through the shredder every so often to lube it up. I found this, at a much, much lower cost, and figured I'd give it a shot, expecting a small bottle of oil similar to ones I've seen at the store. Nope. This is a full-size, 12 oz bottle, which is a LOT of shredder oil, at least for our home use. I figure it will last at least a year, and likely 2-3.Careful cutting off the tip - it's just like a tube of caulk, and if you cut off too much, you'll have a hard time controlling it. Other than that, it's easy to apply, with a nice long nozzle, flows easily, and works great.Fellowes Powershred Shredder Oil & Lubricant works like a charm. It lubricates the paper shredder so well, it decrease the noise of shredding paper in half.I burnt through two shredders in two years, before I started using this lubricant. My machine is now working fine, and I'm sure with regular use of the lubricant, I will get more than one year's use from my new paper shredder.[...]I have to assume that this oil is doing what it is supposed to.  However, the oil comes out of the nozzle too fast and in too great a quantity.  A bit of a pain to apply.Fellowes recommends this for the paper-shredder I purchased. It does the job all the way. They suggest an application after every discarded load of shredded paper; this keeps your machine quiet and running well.The oil is needed to keep your shredder working properly.  Trust me, I messed one up by not oiling it.This bottle will last a lifetime.Breathed new life into my shredder............. Mine was getting stuck and binding up. Constantly had to pick out the paper that got stuck in the teeth, or "back it out" and re-try.  Put a pin hole in the tip ( took someones advise and didn't cut the tip off) and drizzled it along the teeth.  Ran several sheets through and my cross cut micro shredder has come back to life.  I had no idea shredders needed this kind of maintenance.I'll be adding lube to the teeth every couple of months, and the bottle I got was huge.  Will last me the rest of this shredders life.  Got the product very fast too, thanks to my Prime MembershipKeeps my Royal 10 Sheet shredder in good working order! Used other Brands in the past, just not as good.The bottles open easily. The oil goes where you point it. The shredder seems to like it as it's still going strong.Well it's oil, I'm sure how one can rate this. Well I can say it is in a nice bottle.I never oiled my previous shredder and paid the price after about a year.  This time I bought the oil at the same time I bought the shredder.  Now I oil the shredder fairly often, maybe even too often.  The only issue I have with this product is that it's a bit messy when you &#34;pour&#34; the oil onto the shredder blades.  I cut the top of the oil container as small as I could, but oil still manages to come out too fast and get on the shredder body when I oil.  No big deal as I just wipe the excess with a paper towel, but it's worth noting.I only have a super cheap-o shredder from wal mart of something. I got this oil because I read that it really helps shredders work longer. Regular lubricating oils technically help with the lubrication, but the paper dust gets stuck to regular oils and clog up the machine, creating a different problem. Shredder oil is supposedly specially created so that this won't happen. So I figured it was worth a shot. I've now had my crappy shredder for years. I will eventually get a nicer one and there is so much oil in the bottle I won't have to get more. But I think my shredder would have died long ago if it wasn't for this lubricating oil made for shredders.I bought this for maintenance on my shredder,I use this every time bag is full on my shredder.keeps dust down and waste basket cleaner & only $5 bottle should last a long time.Tip is short still able to reach blades but I put a small flexible straw on tip witch gives me better control of oil application.I thought my shredder was about to die, but I purchased this product and oiled it up.  The grinding sound is gone, and the shredder is working much better overall.  I'm talking about a shredder that is over 8 years old here!It is as claimed. A light odorless lubricant that improves the cutting of the shredder blades. After shredding about ten bags of paper I used this lubricant and immediately noticed a difference in the sound of the shredder motor and there was no &#34;oil&#34; smell. A hint that I learned is to put the shredder in reverse and then apply the lubricant and let it run for about 10 SECONDS. When you puncture the spout be sure to use a small pin. If you cut the tip off you will use too much.This is a big bottle of light weight oil for a paper shredder.  I use it just to keep the blades movingsmoothly and it does work.  There's a definite increase in speed when the oil goes it.This stuff came as a surprise to me thru an order of a new Fellows shredder. I ordered the new machine because my last shredder was gasping it's death rattle. In researching the new Fellows machine, I began to see comments about the need to lubricate these things and so when I ordered the Fellows, I also ordered the lubricant. After receiving it, I had a brainstorm that maybe if I tried it on the old dying rattletrap shredder, it might do it some good. Wow! This stuff brought the old machine back to life. I have had several shredders die prematurely over the years and never had an inkling that they might need some simple lubricant.If you have a shredder, any shredder, buy this stuff and try it out. Can't hurt, can it?Very lightweight oil.  Will not gum up the mechanism.  It has a very narrow spout for easy application.Works fine and the price from Amazon was good. My only complaint is the design of the bottle. You snip the tip of and then put the cap on but it doesn't create a perfect seal and the bottle leaks when tipped over. And since oil is the content it makes a massive mess.I used to buy the Fellowes shredder lubricant in a flip-top bottle that never leaked but I remember that as a more expensive product.I decided to buy this oil because every shredder that i buy ends up in the junk heap no matter how much I pay. So, I decided to try to extend the life of my new shredder. The shredder is new so I don't know how helpful it has been yet but I guess it can't hurt.This shredder oil comes in a large bottle that's easy to use and sturdy enough not avoid leaking. I use it once or twice a month to keep my Fellows shredder running well. Works great, inexpensive protection for my shredder.Oil has a nice bottle that is compact enough to fit in office smaller areas. Easy to use-just take off red cap-flip over & oil comes out with ease. No messes. I've had this for awhile & still have a ton of it left. I do average paper shredding.Initially thought that the oil was &#34;watery&#34; when squirted into the shredder via the extension nozzle, and that it wouldn't do much... but after one oiling, the shredder seemed to work allot better. Would recommend this over using vegetable oil as that may gum up a shredder.Used bottles of this before.  Will keep the blades of the shredder well lubed and sharp.  Makes it much easier on the shredder motor.I've now owned two shredders.  The first one, I decided didn't need to be oiled -- despite the owners manual telling me otherwise.  What do I care if the blades are oily?  They just spin and cut, right?  I never have to oil my scissors......wrong.  After a while (albeit a few years), the shredder blades simply stopped working.  Paper was getting stuck in the strangest of places and I guess the motor eventually burned out.Enter the second shredder and a new bottle of Fellowes Shredder Oil.  I'm following the manual with this one and you should too.  Different oils are meant for different purposes, so get one that's meant for a metal shredder.  This one is great and hopefully it will keep my new fancy shredder cutting paper for a long, long, time.There were no instructions on how to open the bottle, so I used scissors to slightly cut the tip off, but it wasn't enough to let the oil off, so I cut some more until eventually I had cut too much and now I realized I didn't have a way to close the bottle. Now I keep this on a high shelf but because of my mistake in opening the tip too much the oils does flow rather too rapidly when I apply it to the shredder.Shredders need lubrication!  I found out the hard way when our Fellows shredder started acting up (not running items through, stopping, reversing, et cetera).  I always thought it was a bit of bunk, needing to lubricate shredders, but it's true, they do need it.When you think about it, paper is drying.  It absorbs oil, water, etc, so when you run it through the shredder, it's going to eventually suck up any lubrication on the cutting wheels.You can use vegetable oils, but that is so messy.  This product comes in a large bottle (suitable for an office environment) with a spout that can be cut so that just the right amount comes out.  And it works great, just running a small bead on the wheels.The shredder, which was balky before, now works as God and Fellows intended.  Fellows makes a superior shredder, and their oil keeps the machine in good shape.This is a keeper and is highly recommended!  Shredders are a must these days, and good ones are expensive.  It's worth a little bit of money to keep it going great.Until I purchased my Fellowes shredder a couple of years ago, I didn't even know that you needed to oil them.  It came with a small bottle of oil that actually lasted me quite a while.  But, when I was ready, I ordered this large bottle of oil and keep it in the compartment on the back of my shredder, so that it is always right there for when it is time to empty the basket and oil again.As I mentioned, this is a LOT of oil and will last a very, very long time for home use and quite a while for office use as well.  It comes in a nice, sturdy bottle with a little stopper top that stays on perfectly fine as long as you aren't tossing the bottle around.  I like the shape of the bottle because it fits perfectly in the compartment on the back of my shredder.  If I wasn't able to keep it right there with my shredder I would probably forget to use it.I purchased this eleven months ago and my bottle is still almost full. For six-seven dollars, it is a good deal IMO.  Maybe you could just buy a bottle of some other kind of oil, but I think it is worth those few dollars to have a bottle with the thin tip for easy application and I don't have to remember to run to the kitchen to get some oil, pour it into something that makes it easier to apply, and then have another dish to wash.  Sometimes convenience pays for itself.It works great, just as promised.  Made a huge difference in the operation of my shredder.  ~$6 is kind of pricey for a small bottle of oil, but you really don't need much at all, you can completely soak a piece of paper with very little, and it's more than enough to clean it out.  I'm guessing 1 bottle of this stuff will last years.I never knew that shredders needed oil.  I went through two before the third one I bought recommended oiling.  That shredder was a Fellows.  I bought the oil and use it regularly.I wouldn't say it is a stupid mistake, to think you cut off the tip of the dispenser as ever other product that is designed this way is designed to be cut off, but DO NOT CUT OFF THE TIP. You should punch a hole in the end of it with a needle. I found this out the hard way, but I suppose they saved money on packaging by designing it this way.Overall it is a great product, my shredder is already performing better now that it is lubed up. As this is just a home shredder I feel this size of a bottle will last for years and will also extend the life of my shredder. Would probably give it 4.5 stars just as a light knock for the bottle design, but as long as you know not to cut it you will have no problems.Fellowes has stated that this really is just standard vegetable (canola) oil however they have tested and fully approved it for their shredders.On page 4 of my Fellowes 79CI manual it states, "Only use a non-aerosol vegetable oil in long nozzle container such as Fellowes 35250" which is this oil. It probably works great for other brands of shredders too.I'm just using the tiny bottle of this that came included with myFellowes Powershred 100% Jam Proof 79Ci 14 Sheet Cross-Cut Paper Shredder (3227901). When it runs out, I will buy this larger bottle which should last several years, just to have a nicer bottle/applicator. And then when that runs out, I will refill this bottle with grocery store canola oil, which is a better value.But really, this large bottle should last years unless it's being used in a very high volume corporate shredder or something like that. So, it's not all that expensive considering.Amazon's price of $5.99 is excellent! I purchased a much smaller bottle (less than half the size of this one) for $6 and change from my local Home Depot. I lubricate after every 50 sheets or so and the shredder keeps powering through the piles of paperwork without jamming or overheating.The Fellowes Shredder Oil is a must have if your going to keep your shredder working perfectly. The price is awesome and I would highly recommend purchasing.I bought this together with my Fellowes shredder, and it has kept my shredder working in perfect condition. No complaints so far!It's ugly.  It's noisy, but it does the job that it's supposed to do which is elevate my feet.  I looked at so many other brands and styles and for the money, this was the best bargain.  The movement is not fluid because it's plastic on plastic, but like I said, it does the job.Although I don't use one of these myself, I recently purchased three for individuals in our office - and the report is:  They love it.  When the included rubber feet are applied the unit does not slide around and is at a comfortable angle.  It's not really adjustable, but for the price there is no beating it.This is a good quality foot rest. It is made of sturdy material and sits firmly in place without moving on the wooden floor where I use it. I would imagine it would do the same on a standard, plasticchair mat. I does exactly what I need, lift my feet to take pressure off my low back.Highly recommended.I have a bad lower back and currently enrolled in physical therapy. I have pain going down the back of one leg. To me it seemed as though propping up that foot alleviated the foot pain. I had a more expensive foot rest in my cart and decided to give a cheaper model a try first to see if it cut down on my leg pain. FWIW - It has a bit, but not entirely, now onto the review.As others alluded to, this is an expensive piece of plastic. It is very cheaply made. It has two levels that you can chose from a higher or lower resting level. This has a rocker like motion so that you're feet aren't in a set position all the time. However, this rocking motion is not fluid, and is downright noisy.It does tend to stay in place well, and serves its purpose. I would say that there are better choices out there.Originally, I have written a good review: "I have got this thing to use in the  office, I like my feet elevated. It has two height settings, so it is even more convenient than it looks. I personally like it a lot."However after just a couple months of using this thing, I pierced it with my heel very easily, and I didn't put a lot of weight on it. It's very fragile and won't work for girls in heels. Very disappointed.This foot rest fits nicely under my desk at work and is a welcome relief for staying comfortable while sitting at my desk all day.  A particularly nice feature is that it is adjustable so that I can change my position if needed.  For the price I think this product is well worth it.This is not of the same quality as the Kensington foot rest.  I now have both it and this one.It is a smaller version and does not have the same range of motion and comfortable gel foot pads.BUT, it is far cheaper.So in balancing the function versus the price it is a very acceptable solution to leg pain when working for prolonged periods at a computer desk.I was needing another foot rest at my L shaped computer desk but did not want to pay the high price of the Kensington model.When balancing the cost and usability of this foot rest I am pleased with my purchase.  It provides most of the same qualities of the more expensive options.  It is worth the price asked and I find it to be restful.I couldn't believe when I pulled this out of the box that it was basically set up!  The white board simply slides up and you screw the giant handles on the sides to add tension so that it stays upright.  Although I ran out of flip chart paper to slide into the top holder, I very easily got a note pad in there and the design appears to fit perfectly with the top border of flip chart paper to make it secure.  The only thing that I'm not used to working with flip chart boards is that the base legs don't seem to separate that far, but I've pushed it and written on it and it's sturdy enough and won't tip over that easily.  I love how it's one easy piece that is easily adjustible for height and is double sided so you could have a white board on both sides, or white board on one side and flip chart on the other.  Very versatile.We have been using this particular DryErase/Flip Chart outside of our store for 2 years now. We do not use it as an "Easel," but rather as a hanging board (where it hangs downward) to promote specials and products.After purchasing another product that didn't work, we were especially grateful to purchase this particular one. It is sturdy, and except in high winds, we do not have a problem with it blowing over. Best of all, we can write on both sides - either turning it sideways so it can be seen by cars / Pedestrians coming from either direction, or facing front, with the ability to turn it later in the day to promote a different sale (especially helpful for Thanksgiving day sales).As a small business owner, I appreciate the flexibility of being able to promote items without a lot of hassle, and this particular chart has been especially helpful to us.The Quarter Easel Whiteboard and Flipchart is perfect for  Sunday School at my church. I like the double sided writing surface and angled feature for good viewing across the classroom. I just wish I could get one for every classroom. The board is very sturdy and well built. It does take two people to set it up and secure the legs. The double-sided white board makes it a reversible writing space. It also will hold the Easel Pads 27 x 34 Inch. I highly recommend this easel whiteboard for a small office or  classroom use.Whenever I have a study group at my house, it drives me bonkers to have to demonstrate everything on a piece of paper. This easel style whiteboard is stupid easy to set up. It comes assembled already. All you do is adjust the height to where you want it, and tighten the knobs so it stays put. Then, it stays exactly where you put it until you're ready to adjust it again. You can write on both sides. Both top and bottom have the little marker holding tray on it. The legs spread out so that the easel stays nice and stable on the ground. This makes life so much easier to study, because everything is right there.Light enough to be portable but heavy enough to be durable. I use this almost daily and have transported from office to office (and used it at our garage sale!). It wipes off very easy (often I just use a paper towel). I love that it turns into a table (we used it as a small table at our garage sale to display books!). I think this would be great for a teacher or real estate agent or any sort of person who makes presentations (or even in a cafe as a &#34;special&#34; of the day board).Love it!EXCELLENT quality...u can buy cheaper ones... surprisingly stable, folds nicely, I love how its so versatile, becomes a table, or a writing surface...  well designed, well executed... the reviews on this product were very true to its performance...This is my new best friend. This thing is awesome.The Quartet Ultima easel is adjustable. I can adjust it to whatever setting I need . It even can be used as a table top but I don't use it that way.  It is easy to move. We have dragged this all over the house and out to the barn to list the days work or anything else. It is so stable, we used it on a float in a parade. It wipes of easily. And the frame seems like it is going to last.I am very pleasedThe white board part of it may be nice, but no matter how hard I tried and tightened the locks, the back leg would slip out.I could not get it to stand up while writing on it.I don't think the plastic locks are strong enough.  Maybe mine is defective, but I'm guessing, it is just poor design.Yes, you read correctly, this CAN be converted to an actual TABLE!This helps if you need a place to put your projector in a pinch.Very easy to adjust, and very sturdy.This piece is a tad bit &#34;bulky&#34; for me (I am 5'5&#34; tall, and its size competes with my size), but not overly &#34;heavy&#34; as far as weight.Quality is great, and I highly recommend it for presentations, or even just a good writing board for your office.This thing is pretty cool!  It's bigger than I expected, and blocks out nearly all the light from the window behind it.  I've been needing something like this for a long time though, so light or no light I find it very useful.  I teach classical guitar and often need to draw out chords, music or whatever for my students and this is plenty big enough for me to not only draw out the Treble Clef, but the Bass Clef underneath and show how the the two clefs are related.  This is a big deal to me because before I was trying to use staff paper and it wasn't designed for that purpose, or use a very small white board that wouldn't hold nearly enough information.I have the tray already loaded with various expo markers and a couple of erasers.  The easel is steadier than I expected, and being tall, I can slide it upwards and tighten down the two knobs on each side and it seems to hold alright.  The paper catch at the top is a nice touch though I have to work a bit to get any papers to catch in it.  I doubt I'll be using that function much, if any.  And I'll only be using one side of it, but it's a white board on both sides if you need that.So overall, it's really good.  I'm hesitant to give it 5 stars yet because it's kind of pricey, and I don't know yet how well it will stand (pun intended) the test of time.  Just noticed it is not magnetized.I am a corporate trainer who has done a lot of volunteer teaching at church.  I've used a lot of this type of product.  There are other styles that are more stable by definition.  But, of the ones that I have used that are this style, this one seems very stable .  You need to learn the rhythm of how to set it up by yourself and it's much easier with more than one set of hands.  But, that's true of the design, not this specific product.  I can do it by myself when the need arises.If you are going to buy one that is this style, this is a good option.This arrived just in time for me to take to a therapy group I was doing a presentation at. I was amazed how light it was compared to other wooden or metal easels I've used previously. It was relatively easy for me to fold and unfold and carry and set up. Put your foot on the bottom frame, loosen the tightening knobs, and pull up on both sides of the white board at the same time. Tada!  Then tighten into place. Remarkably sturdy! I paid $120 with overnight Prime shipping from Amazon, whereas the identical item was $181 before tax at OfficeMax.  I've only had it a few days, but delighted with it.When I first received this easel/table whiteboard from Quartet, I was stunned by the size of the external, and internal, boxes it came packaged in. There's no shortage of protection used to get this to you safely! Once it's unpacked, as I found the case to be with another whiteboard I recently got from Quartet (theQuartet Matrix Magnetic Modular Whiteboards, 34 Inches x 23 Inches, Silver Aluminum Frame (M3423), it's clear that this is a well-made whiteboard.In order to set it up, it IS quite cumbersome to do solo, so try to enlist the assistance of someone else to help you position the whiteboard exactly as you need to. Quartet has made it so you can angle this whiteboard to many different positions, including setting it up as an actual table (something that I admittedly find to be really daggone cool)! The legs on it are sturdy, and do have a grip on the end of each one to ensure that it stays in place once set up. And the fact that it folds down to about a 4" thickness when you're done with it makes it that much easier to stash it away into a narrow space.For anyone not in need of a permanently mounted whiteboard, that wants something that offers more options for setup and mobility, I can't imagine this board would leave you wanting. Well-designed, smart, worth the price for the features you get! And, oh yeah, it's reversible, too! You just can't beat that! ;)Aside from one moderate issue, this freestanding dry erase board is great. The only problem with it is that it can be a bit hard to set up without assistance. The knobs that tighten down both the legs and lock the board at the desired angle are hard to turn while also holding everything where you want it. This is solved by laying the board flat on the ground, or by enlisting someone to assist you. Once set up, the board is perfect: stable, easy to write on, made very well, and light. We use three of them at my work place and all are excellent. This board will fit in the trunk of most cars, so it's great for presentations.4/5. A solid buy even with the somewhat difficult setup.The Quartet Easel Whiteboard would be a good choice for home offices, homeschoolers, and regular offices.The Whiteboard arrives more or less as one piece. We had to put the endcaps on the pen tray. I don't know whether they came off during shipping or whether the product ships like that, but it wasn't taxing in any sense.  Our Whiteboard, by the way, came in it's own box, which was inside of another Amazon box which means that the UPS guy would have had to go out of his way to damage it.The whiteboard/easel is in contracted-mode when it arrives. Don't be like me. All you need to do is pull the whiteboard straight up. For some reason I was thinking it would swing out and lock. Not the case. Just make sure the knobs on the side are not tight, have someone hold the base, and then pull the whiteboard straight up. Tighten knobs.  I found that none of us could do this alone. It takes two people.Right now my kids are giving this board a workout. They've used it vertically and they've used it as a table. It worked as a table, but I wouldn't buy this product if that's the main way you plan on using it.Vertically it's been great. My two older kids have been using it and there's been no problem with stability. This might not be the case with little children however, as I know they tend to lean on things and hang on them. I'd advise to keep this product for older kids. Mine are tween and teen.The other use I've put it through is to clip on a large easel paper. We've had no problems. The heavy pad stays put during writing.SUMMARYThe biggest shortfall of this whiteboard/easel is that it takes two people to set it up. But after that it can be moved around, no problem.We've used it as a support for one of those large easel pads with no problem. Also used it as a whiteboard and as a whiteboard table. It's never fallen over.The one other thing you might want to know is that it is tall enough for a small audience. So you could use this in a small office/classroom setting and two or three rows of people, possibly more, would be able to see what you were doing.Recommend.Excellent price, good product, easy care.  Works well in the office and stands up to the wear and tear it gets.They work in my laminater. Don't know what else to say about them.This design is closed at the short end which makes a much better seal since laminaters recommend that you put the short end through first.  Watch for this.  There are some where the sealed side is on the long edge and they may bubble.This is also the perfect thickness to use with Teslin.  The result is as thick and strong as a credit card, and you can trim right to the edge of the perforated Teslin and it will stay perfectly sealed.Good product.The Swingline Inspire laminator is wonderful.  The price was great and the usefulness is a ten of ten.  My wife is a school teacher and my daughter, although she, too taught in public schools, now stays home and home schools our grand daughters.  Both of them needed a laminator for preparing teaching aids and other stuff.  These pouches are very convenient and work quite well and I will order more when they run out of them.  My youngest grand daughter has become a super-laminator so I am sure they will need more.  They are simple to use and do a great job of protecting whatever was laminated.  I recommend then and the laminator and these pouches to every household even if they have no children.  They are compact, efficient and just great to have around.A home laminator is a great value for the money, though I do I find that the commercial laminators at copy shops do a better job.In comparing these pouches to theSwingline Thermal Laminating Pouch, Letter Size, Standard Thickness, 100/Pack (3202018), I found them so similar in practical application that I would advise making a choice solely on price (e.g., which pouches are on sale at the moment).Not being quite clear how lamination works, I also did some destructive testing. Say your little cousin Benny decides to prank you by laminating the loot from the bank heist -- can you get it back out? To find out, I laminated some bookmarks and then tried to "cut them out" of the lamination plastic. Would the plastic adhere to the bookmark paper, or only to itself at the laminated edges?I discovered that the lamination plastic does adhere to the paper as well, which means you can trim up to or even inside the edge of your laminated paper if you don't want a blank plastic margin -- but you aren't getting those bills back to their plain-paper state!Works very well, heats evenly and comes out of the machine nice and smooth without bubbles or wrinkling. Great for craft projects!I had to buy these to go with the great deal I got on the laminator they go with.  My friend is happy with them.Bought the laminating machine when it was a Prime member special and needed these.  I have nearly used them up as they are great.These are 3mm pouches and are a good value for 25 at this size.  I used them to make custom placemats for my 4yo daughter to give as birthday and other small gifts to family members.  She draws a picture and we laminate it.  Pretty easy.  Keep in mind that these are 3mm - which is clearly indicated in the listing - but that 3mm is very thin.  I wish I had purchased a thicker one for our purpose.  Also be sure that your laminator can take an 11.5" wide pouch.Ok my title says it all, these pouches were reasonably priced, they work exactly as expected, deliver was perfect and they are BIG, I love the legal size, they must go through my laminator lengthwise but it just takes a second or two longer. These work great, you can fill them with smaller items, we make six or eight ID badges at a time by inserting loose cards as they feed into the laminator. Very happy and would buy again.Easy to use pouches - just peel the layers apart, put your letter sized paper up against the crease in the short side, lay flat and feed into the laminator. Job done, with a nice clear finish. I use this form printing photos on regular paper and then protecting them - it's a cheap way to make 8&#34; x 11&#34; prints.Helpful hint: remove promptly form laminator and put under a heavy book for a few seconds while still warm so that the sheet doesn't curl up.This is the product that came with my Swingline GBC Fusion 1000L heat laminator. The plastic looks fuzzy before it's heated. Once it goes through the machine, it becomes clear. The ends tend to curl a little but my projects have turned out nicely. An inexpensive way to archive or preserve my paper documents. I am very pleased with this.Works well for drawer organization.Bought this for my desk at school...however I'm bad at measurements so it didn't fitWould be better for a more industrial setting, seems extremely durable!I use this item daily, and it works perfectly. It doesn't slide around in the drawer, and the buckets are easy enough to get items in to and out of. I would purchase this item again, if the need arose.This is a large plastic tray to help you organize your office supplies. It turned out to be a bit big, since we are using it on the table. It's hard to fit inside a drawer.very good organizer keep things neat an orderly would recommend this for any desk thank you very much love it. BjwolfThis works perfect for my needs. I put it in a drawer of a Safco Mesh File cart and it pretty well fills it. I didn't want a tray with tiny little compartments for few paper clips and other stuff that usually doesn't fit them. The bins in this tray are large and deep enough to store larger items.Good buy, it is heavy and strongly built. I would recommend it.I finally made the plunge and got a drawer organizer for our bathroom drawer.  My husband and I have a single drawer in our bathroom so it's always quite messy filled with toothpaste, hairbrushes, hair ties, floss, bandaids, and more.This Drawer Organizer does the trick! There is a good variety of compartments that fit all of our items perfectly and I LOVE how deep this organizer is. One of the small compartments holds all of my bobbypins and hair ties perfectly. The longer organizer holds my hairbrush and combs while the middle organizer we keep for toothpaste.Very sturdy, deep drawers.  Not cheap feeling or flimsy.  Generally what you'd expect from Rubbermaid.  Individual pockets well-proportioned.  Would purchase again if needed.I've very happy with this orginization tray. The deminsions are consistent with the description. Still, when I received it it seemed even bigger. It fits as expected. I really like the deep pocketed sections.I purchased two. One for my desk at work, the other for my "junk" drawer at home. Fits my needs.This metal mesh sorter is a nice match to other desk accessories I have.  It sits well on my desk and does not move around when I grab files out of it.Oh, this is great...I put it up in my spare closet and put manualsin it...great product and is everything the ad said.Got my file folders out of the tub, where they've hidden for years, and into the light of day.Perfect for me!Great product for keeping all types of folders in transition. Also, good for sorting papers, since its purchased I have discovered multiple usesI just needed this to organize clutter such as note pads, discs for my computer, take-out menus, tape, etc. This is slightly larger than I expected. I need to keep it off to the side of my desk instead of on it. It does work as a simple separator, but bends VERY easily. It came with nearly every separator bent out of place, and only took a slight push to bend them back. I suppose this can be good if you want to add a slant, but it can't hold any weight.This is a very good product, in fact I bought this not only to reduce clutter but because I have other Rolodex products that I also like a great deal. They are made well, are light weight but very sturdy so obviously I am pleased with this product line.I purchased one of these as a holder for my school supplies. I love it so much I think I might buy another one for my Textbooks. the book ends I bought were junk. Also perfect for the price! You really get what you pay for.I would consider buying this because Im able to store pens while important paperwork I need to fill out or whateverNice simple design. Stores pens and sticky notes securely. Construction is solid.Might not work as a cheese grater just because it has holes. Someone dare me to do it.I have a few things that I always manage to lose on my desk, and this small holder is a perfect size for stickies and stamps and post cards.my favorite part is the space for Post-it's and you can write on them while in the holder. the piece is compact but yet still seems to hold quite a bit.It is nice and great organizer but a bit smaller than I thought.  I bought it for Christmas present.  But by look at it, really nice for small desk or overload with stuffs.Simply mesh business card holder that matches the rest of the various big box office supply mesh product styles.  It holds business cards just as well as any other stiff rectangular object.I use these as a holder for my smartphone (Motorolla Droid Razr Maxx HD) in places like the kitchen counter to watch videos while washing dishes and on the bedside table at night. Works great for this purpose. Would buy again.I ordered this to put my business cards in. It does the job. Nice price, looks okay. Good for basic business cards.Good. I like it. It looks good on my billy book stand. What else I can write about this card holder. Its good.use this to hold my note 2 on my desk at a good angle. best 2 bucks spent ever. nice metal construction is good quality.I have seen these all over the place.  They are pretty basic, but the price and functionality are great.  I have several.And that problem is the advertisement logo "eldon" on the back. I might be picking at nothing here, but a business card holder should advertise the business card that it holds and nothing else. Other than that, what you see is what you get with this. I ended up using a sharpie to color it in so it blends in. Overall, a good buy and certainly worth the couple extra bucks it costs over an acrylic card holder.Perfect for my business cards.  Love the mesh design.It's nice and professional looking; not cheap at all. I use it at my main table at all my craft shows and it looks wonderful.works great, use this to put our promotional business card at offices.  i custom made a small tall card to put on back of the business cards on the stand to &#34;catch your eye&#34;, and it seems to be great ideal.These are just fine for my business cards in the summer outside on the produce stands, etc. They seem to have held up just fine the last summer and they got wet a few times and there is no rust, etc.Light weight, looks modern, and holds my business cards. Can't get a better price either!Good little product for making business cards handy on top of the desk.Could use some small rubber feet to keep it from moving so easily.  The little think is so light, and there is so little friction between it and the desktop, that it slides away as someone tries to get a grip on a card.Like most people, I have waayyyyy to many electronic devices and find it challenging to store and charge it in an organized way.  I bought this for that purpose.  The mesh material allows for great ventilation while charging or storing.  Looks clean and organized.  The product is very well constructed and solid. You don't feel like it is cheap and flimsy.  Will last a long time and looks great on our desk.Originally I bought this in order to stack a modem and a wireless router. However, when I got it I decided to use it in my office to keep small electronics organized.I put a telephone on the top shelf and then a collection of chargers and adapters on the second shelf. The third shelf has earplugs, small cameras, and other electronics. They're now organized and within easy reach.I like the mesh; it looks good in an office and it would have worked well for the modem and router as it would have allowed air flow at the bottom of the units.Papers that were filed on the floor are now off  the floor and on the shelves wondabar!!! I love it.I have this product on top of my computer table shelf. It looks like it is tilted a bit backwards and the shelf's front edge is pointing down instead of up to prevent the contents from sliding down,  I guess the reason for the slight tilt back. It found the ideal place for my purposes on top of my computer shelf. 5 starsI've always thought well of Rolodex products and this was no exception.  It certainly seems sturdy enough and it looks nice--came just as pictured.Not a plastic-y product like many similar products of this type.this came bent and just warped looking. When siting on a desk it takes up waaay too much space, but I suppose mounted on a wall it would be more useful. I just seems so large, bulky and not very convenient.Simple and good design. I can put it anywhere and it looks good. I like that it has hooks for hanging on the wall.I have had mesh waste baskets in the past that cave in on the sides because the are so cheaply made. This is not the case with this one. It is sturdy and the perfect size for under my desk, not so big as to get in the way, not too small so I have to empty it constantly. I'm very satisfied.Sorry I cannot wax lyrical about a trash can.  Do NOT put liquids in it.  It is too big for grocery store plastic bag, too small for a kitchen trash can liner - I am going to have to investigate to see what size fits.  I have to have liners in my trash cans!  Good size in that it fits under the desk and holds a lot - but not large like a kitchen trash can.  I have lots of trash!  It is sturdy and can the abuse of being run over or used like a basketball hoop.  I bet your house is not as exciting!I didn't think it was so big but does the trick and less trips to empty lol. very sturdy and great productI purchased this wastebasket for my new home office and have been extremely pleased with it. It is solidly built, simply and elegantly designed, and much larger than my previous wastebasket. It is indeed even larger than what I had imagined it to be, and is more than adequate for most of my office waste - small papers, wrappers, etc. It manages to add an extra sense of productivity to my work area, and I expect to be using it for many years to come. Highly recommended.Great functional trash can.  I wish it fit plastic grocery sack liners better, but I generally use at office with no liner.  Quality is good and price is right.  Not much to say about this trash can.The garbage can is actually pretty big, which I like for my office since I throw a lot of papers and envelopes away on a daily basis.This wire mesh wastebasket is simply beautiful.  I really like it and it is very well built - not much else to say. But it with confidence.I like this wastebasket. I got the set with the desktop accessory holder. Works great and looks great on my floor.Big enough for all the crumpled paper I have to throw when studying.Feels durable and actually looks nice.Obviously it's made of meshed wiring so throwing dust and liquids into it isn't a great idea unless you put a plastic bag inside the can.Got my money's worth.Sturdy, durable and sleek.  In three words that sums up this wastebasket; it is just fantastic.  Most of my organizers and other office equipment are black and mesh and this coordinates perfectly with them.  Rubbermaid and Rolodex both intermix well especially in this black mesh design.  Comparing prices between local stores and Amazon have this product priced nearly the same.  I bought this at my local store to have it quicker however it's cost effective at the current price of under $10 no matter where you buy it.I chose this black, mesh wastebasket because it elegantly matches my other office, storage equipment, which are black mesh as well.This basket is roomy, yet small enough to not be intrusive in an office. It is sturdy and well designed.Highly recommended.It's lightweight, unobtrusive, sturdy, decent sized (not too small). The mesh causes me to be more considerate of what I throw in the basket in my home office. I can't imagine ever needing to replace it - but if I do I'd get another one of these.it is just perfect as I want.however, it is a litter bigger for me....it is bigger than 4 gal.OK it's only a wastebasket, but for the price it is a good quality product. I am buying mesh office products, and this fits in perfectly. It is very functional, and very nice to look at so it doesn't spoil the look of your office.the Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket, 11-1/2 diameter x 14-1/4h, black is a great addition to any office.  blends very nicely and is the perfect size to place beside or underneath  your desk.  Great buy at a great priceI am seting up my office in one of my rooms.  My niece had moved out to goto college.  After she moved out, I bought this product.  It looks nice and is a great access to the new officeThe Rolodex 22351 Mesh round wastebasket looks and performs exactly as expected. Delivered with no dents or dings and ready to use.  Looks much better in person, the online pics don't do it justice.Black finish is smart and mesh is sturdy. Quite a bit of room inside as well. Honestly, for the current asking price of under 15 dollars you can't go wrong. Functional and attractive!Recommended by me, Marty G!I coveted this trash can, which my sister owned for years, until she finally relented and gave it to me. Of course it works perfectly, and no tiny debris has ever fallen through the mesh. That was a concern, as I have cats and worried that some staple or splinter would fall out and they'd eat it. My only complaint is that the basket is much too nice to line with a plastic trash bag, which means every time I empty it, I have to turn it upside down over the bag. This is a fairly large basket and holds a lot, so if I wait until it's full, it's quite heavy. But I don't care. This is just a wonderfully classy, sturdy waste basket!Great basket.  Simple, apparently durable.  It's large for an office trashbin, which is good.  It isn't hard to empty it into a plastic bag.  I should probably start lining it.  It is mesh, so it will be a little hard to clean.  Otherwise, I really like it.Loving the look of quality wire mesh accessories, this wastebasket was a perfect choice.It's just the right size for a home office and fits under the new glass desk (also from Amazon) perfectly. What's particularly nice about both glass and open mesh is they lend the illusion and feeling of more space - an especially nice touch for small spaces.Rolodex has been making top quality products for decades - and although this may merely be a wastebasket they haven't skimped here one bit. The wire is coated with a shiny black enamel. There are no sharp edges or seams - a problem with lesser quality items with a similar look. Even the seam is welded perfectly and completely smooth.The base is well weighted so tip over isn't a problem and the little feet on the bottom keep raised a bit off the floor and level.The basket holds an ample amount of scrunched up papers. As a copywriter by trade I end up with lot's of scrunched up paper.The wastebasket matches my desk accessories perfectly - so although far from a center piece, it's a nice touch.It arrived in perfect shape, without a single dent or scratch. These baskets really do sell for around $30 and up - to find this here on Amazon for a mere $9.82 is an absolute steal. Plus if you're a Prime member, this item is eligible so two day shipping is 100% free.A great addition to any office - at an unbeatable price.I just got this today and as much as I like the quality it does seem a bit large for a desk trash receptacle. I know the small garbarge bags I have for my bathroom trash can won't fit. Not sure how much I'll be able to use it unlined, which will just make it a pain to empty out.I needed a small wastebasket for under my desk and this one fits perfectly plus it's not plastic. I can trash things as needed instead of letting it pile up  on my desk. Reasonably priced too.This paper tray is very practical and strong.  If you are looking for a paper tray for everyday use this is a good one.I bought this for home use - these were piling up on my desk, so I wanted a place to put the mail and paperwork in my office while it waited around for me to get to it. This does the job. Is it elegant? I wouldn't go that far, but it looks better than a clear plastic inbox tray.Highly recommended to anyone looking for an elegant tray to place on their counter top.  It's really that simple.  Well constructed, looks great, and effective.  Non-slip feet help it say in place.I have had two of these trays for a few years.  I did at one point buy the (sold separately) spacers to stack them, but I've never been a fan of stacked trays and abandoned that idea.  I keep these side-by-side on my desk, using them as a pair of "In" and "Next" boxes for David Allen's _Getting Things Done_ method of organizing tasks.These perfectly match my cherry desk--so much so that they look like a set.  I have a bunch of the other desk accessories in this series (pencil cups, etc.) and they all look fantastic.  Elegant without the overdone aluminum mesh.  Sturdy, useful, and about the right price if you're on a budget without degrading into black plastic.Highly recommended.I bought this to put atop my black printer so that my roommate had a place to put her things rather than all over my tabletop. It fits 8 x 12 paper perfectly, and is able to accomodate her purses. The look is very classyExcellent quality.  Very sharp blade so definitely watch your fingers.  Blade is straight and cuts cleanly.  A must have for anyone needing to trim cards or photos.Speaking, IN the spirit of Ebenezer Scrooge, for someone that cut the tip of [my] left thumb clean-off with a U.S.Army deluxe model ---with-out --- a thumb-guard: "Bah!......You NEED the thumb-guard. If you actually have a projuct that requires "closer up" work...use scissors!It's dangerous a-n-ddumb (for yourthumb) to disable the guard-rail!"I wanted a large paper trimmer for trimming paper beyond the standard 8 1/2 X 11&#34; without spending a fortune.  I also wanted one that would hold up to use.  This trimmer has met the first need.  Only time will tell how it holds up to use but since I take care of my office equipment I expect that it will.  It's not very heavy overall but the cutting blade has some heft to it.  So far I've only used it to slice some heavy stock paper and that was no effort whatsoever.  The cut is true when you line it up flush with the back edge of the trimmer. It is attractive as well and looks good in the office.  There is a nice metal clip that will lock the blade down when not in use.This is sharp, cuts and trims very well, and seems sturdy enough for my uses, which are occasional but include matboard and adhesive backed felt.  However I sometimes need to do precise trimming, as when connecting two parts of a template that contains multiple pages. Here it is necessary to join them properly to obtain a correct finished product.  And this is where the lack of a precise 0 reference point is a real drawback.  The rulers start with the one inch mark and there are no markings beween 0 and 1 inch.  There is no easy sight reference, either--a red line, a triangle... one has to guess and then come at 0 in several increments.  This is a pain and unnecessary.  The end of the cutting board is not easy to see once you have paper over it.  I'LL PROBABLY figure out a way to make a visible line but this shouldn't be necessary.  Guess I could hcve bought one with a laser but didn't want to spend the money.I was in love with the OLD guillotine cutters from my youth...this one matches it!  Blade is sharp, good safety features, easy to use.  Once you get used to the measuring features it's quite nice too. I love the blade handle lock feature too.I was using scissors to cut tons of labels for work, and it would start to hurt my hand after a while.This paper cutter looks great, and behaves just as I need it to.  I didn't need perfection, I just needed to cut down double printed labels quickly, and I like howcompact it is.It comes with a arm lock which is safe too, especially with clumsy me and pets around.Am pleased.We do a lot for our sons PTA, so we have to cut a lot of items for promotions and what not.  We had a small 6' cutter, that was too small for some sizes of paper.This cutter cuts real smooth, and has a lock on the blade which is nice for the little kids to stay away from.  The one part I think is iffy is that there is no 'clasp' like thing to put on your paper while cutting.  So basically, if you cut a large stack the paper starts to slide from the force.  The small one we used to have had a plastic piece that you could apply pressure onto to prevent the paper from moving.  However, this only becomes an issue when the blade gets duller; if this one does not work out well with large stacks i will update this review.** Pros **I was able to cut through 8 sheets of paper fairly easily. Note, however, that it requires a little exertion to cut through 10 or more sheets. The cutting blade is very sharp and is self-sharpening. The manual says each cut actually sharpens the blade so the blade never gets dull. The trimmer makes nice clean cuts and is able to cleanly shave off the tiniest piece from the edge of the paper. It is built very sturdy, and the Swingline brand name promises exceptional durability and performance. The trimmer looks sharp (pun not intended) and will make a handsome addition to the stationery in your home or office.** Cons **The guard rail is about an inch from the cutting edge, so this cutter might not be suited for very small jobs. The board on the trimmer is not constructed from solid wood but from a chipboard slab. The top is laminated to make the board look like solid wood. (As an upside, however, the markings are clearly printed and the laminate is so realistic looking that initially I thought the board was made of solid wood). The underside of the trimmer is somewhat crudely constructed (Can you say fussy?).** Conclusion **Functionally, this trimmer gets a resounding 5-stars! Construction-wise, I wish the board was made of solid wood. Also, the guard rail gets in the way of very small jobs. All in all, the Swingline ClassicCut Guillotine Paper Trimmer is a really good paper trimmer, and considering the price, it is a good value for your money! If the specifications meet your needs, I would definitely recommend it.Nice looking, sturdy, and does a great job - a great deal for the price!  I really like how the arm stays in position when you have it up - not loose at all.  Took this one to work and plan to get another for home.If this thing was twice it's size & weight for the money I paid, I would give it 5 stars. Just one thing though, I didn't get the feel that I wanted out of the machine until I epoxied a 5 pound weight to the bottom of the cutter to keep it from lifting up when I pulled up the handle!It's ok if you want to trim off some excess.  But you have to hold the paper very still or the blade will pull it toward the end of the cut.  There is no guide, so cutting multiple pieces can be time consuming.I'm really disappointed in that if I cut a sheet in half and truly want to use both pieces, it partially bends the piece of paper to the right of the blade.  I don't like that at all.It's nearly all-plastic (feels cheap but it looks okay from a distance) with the exception of the blade itself which appears to be thin steel and  the bolts that keep it together. The only assembly needed is attaching the handle (just push it in) onto the blade assembly.The trimmer features:- inch and metric rulers- a protective guard rail- a blade latch hook- a largely meaningless 10-year limited warranty (you pay for shipping, does not cover the blade)Putting it to the test, I found that it does cut photo paper well. The cut is straight and the blade cuts through the paper with no difficulty. Because of the guard rail, I doubt that you can squeeze more than a few sheets at a time but that's not a big issue for me because I will be cutting photos only and I doubt that I will ever stack more than 2 or 3 sheets at the most.Inside the box there's a note that says that Swingline is GBC's new name.One (almost) good comment on the seller. Shipping was quick and the item came in perfect condition but the packaging wasn't exactly state of the art.__________________________Six months update:Still cuts well so that self-sharpening claim on the blade may hold some truth. On the other hand, I only cut a couple hundred sheets so I can say it's great for casual use and it COULD be good for heavier cutting activities.By way of disclosure, I received a sample of this product for evaluation purposes.The only guillotine trimmer I ever used with any frequency was my mother's.  It was a heavy unit, made largely of hardwood with a heavy spring-loaded arm.  It was hardly portable -- it weighed a lot.This Swingline trimmer is much lighter, with the surfaces made of plastic.  It's easy to get it out when you have a job that calls for it.It has a sharp blade that cuts paper cleanly without requiring excessive force.  It is reasonably stable on a table.It can deal with sheets of paper bigger than the standard 8.5&#34;x11&#34; size, having a 15&#34; cutting length.  If you need to trim legal paper lengthwise, this trimmer can do it.Overall, it is a fine trimmer and isn't too expensive.  If you only need a trimmer for occasional use, I'd recommend it.This is an upgrade from a very old paper cutter, so it's a huge improvement for me.  I like how lightweight it is so it's easy for me to move from room to room if I need to.  The blade is great and cuts very cleanly from top to bottom.This thing is great. Works perfect, I have not had any issues with it at all. We got this at a really good price, it was more durable than I thought it would be.It's sharp, has a built-in ruler, and makes nice cuts.I got this to do random cropping and trimming of documents in my home office.When working with standard 8.5 x 11 paper, I find that I could use a larger model of paper cutter. This one still cuts really well, but having another 3 or 4 inches of working space would be nice.It can easily cut 3 pages at a time.I have used its 12-inch sibling for over a year now, and have been very impressed with its functioning and its reliability.Except for its length, this trimmer is identical in all respects, including the ease with which it can be setup.I have used it for all sort of projects for the kids, including cutting photo stock for passport photographs, and the cuts are clean and true.It definitely works as advertised.~A_E~This desktop paper trimmer is perfect for my home office. I am always looking for a way to cut my scrapbook papers which are 12&#34;x12&#34;.  This Swingline paper trimmer will cut up to 15 inches which is just what I needed.  The paper trimmer is listed as Lite and it really is light weight. It is easy to handle and you won't hurt your back when you pick it up. The handle comes with an extension which is removable for storage.  The blade is very, very sharp and had a hook to lock the blade when not in use. It also has a grid and scale for measurements and a guard rail for safety. I highly recommend this Guillotine Trimmer for all paper trimming usesI am always on the look out for a cutter that will last.  When this cutter arrived and I opened the box, I found a cutter that was plastic....How long?  I also found that in use, the cutter has not enough weight to hold strong.  And you need to apply pressure so that it can cut....again  How long can this last.I believe that if you are going to use this on occasion and not for heavy duty scrap-booking I might want to consider theunit is mostly plastic and light weight.Could only give 3 stars for this product.I've tried out 3 paper cutters just this year. I use it daily for work, many times a day--I sent out samples of products and for sample labels I just hand cut the labels before sending and also cut out the mailing labels.  That means lots of cutting, and some of it on sticky backed surfaces.  I also use paper cutters in my art.This one, by far, outperformed all the others, even my commercial ones.  It's amazing that it's so lightweight, but cuts so easily, even bigger stacks of paper.Most seem to cut by shaving the blade up close to the metal bar rather than by having a good and sharp blade. This means more resistance and pulling---This one is a light easy pull but fast and accurate cut.  Far better.My other cutters tend to make the paper move, crooked, so precise cuts are not as easy--this one kept the paper just where I place it for straight cuts.Also a few of my others have a large protector so you can't easily see where you are cutting. This has a small bar.  Whereas I wound up removing the protector on some other paper cutters because it was in the way of my site, I can leave this one on, meaning fingers are protected but I can still see.This one is longer than may others so long pieces of paper are no issueAnd the guides on the cutter make it simple to align items straight, whether vertically or horizontally.Best cutter I've owned in years, for sure.I was looking for a relatively inexpensive trimmer for our office and this unit has been great.  Nicely made, decent weight and a very sharp blade.  Perhaps most importantly, the mechanism operates clean and tight and appears to be built to stay that way for a long time.I received this 15-inch model for review from Amazon. I already own the same trimmer but in the 12-inch model. They're both the same except for the size.The trimmer is mostly plastic and feels lightweight, but it stays stable when cutting and is solidly built. The lightness of the unit is actually a plus for me sincce I keep it in the closet until I need it. It's easy to move around.Assembly is easy -- you basically slot the arm in and you're ready to go. I use my 12-inch model about once a week. I cut about five sheets at a time to make sure the cut is straight, but I think you could get away with up to 10. The same is true for the 15-inch model.I'd give five stars to this unit if it were just a bit less expensive. But compared to a wooden cutter, the price is reasonable. If I were using the cutter more often and to cut more than paper (say, thicker paper or cardboard stock), I'd think about getting a more sturdy model. But with this model, the blade stays sharp and is more than adequate for paper cutting.This Swingline Lite Classic Cut is a standard size cutter but is light weight so you can move it around if needed. It's nice to cut coupons or whatever else you may be doing like craft projects. It is easy to move around and store if you have the room. Because it was called &#8220;lite&#8221;, I thought it would be a smaller size but it's just lighter in weight than others that I've used. It still takes up quite a bit of room.It has measurement markings and a grid on the the cutting board to help with measuring and lining up your cutting projects.There is a locking mechanism for the arm which is nice. I have another one that you can not lock the arm in place and I worry about the safety of that one.I noticed that is states it is for the occasional 10-sheet cutting project so I think this would be suited to homework, coupons, etc but may not stand up to daily use in an office or classroom.This is a really high quality paper cutter.  The base is a nice sturdy, solid piece that stays in place on the table (no wobbling or anything), the blade is super tight to the board and this ensures a tight cut right where you want it.  The ruler guide is nice and easy to read and use with paper on the board and the top is solid enough to allow paper to flush against it to ensure a straight cut.  The unit cuts through card stock and thick piles of standard paper with no problem and leaves a smooth perfect cut line.  It also has a lock to lock the handle down so you do not cut yourself when moving it, this is easy to unlock and use.In the end, this is a great paper cutter.  It cuts through piles of paper (max is 10 and it does that perfectly) and heavier papers with no problem.  It has a nice look and a large working area for cutting oversize papers and a sharp tight blade that cuts paper smoothly without tear marks.  This is a great cutter and works amazingly!  Highly recommend!!!perfect for my rare needs to cut paper.  i like this, and i've always wanted one.  so far i've used it to cut papers in quarters for party invitations.  cheaper and easy.cuts fairly straight. decent desktop cutting board. I would recommend it to people who is looking for this type of product. only issue is, you have to be careful to line up top and bottom so it cuts straight, also, you cannot cut unless you have enough thickness on both sides of the blade. can't really shave a thin slice of paper to adjust an edge as it just folds over.First thing you notice taking this out of the box is the weight, quite light. They say 3.6 pounds...hardly, more like 2 lbs 5 oz. or so is the actual cutters weight and it does advertize as "lite" which  on the plus side makes it quite easy to handle and store. The blade appears to be quite sharp and produced a clean straight line, both on singles and several pages stacked, I have not tried thicker material yet. The locking latch is quite cheap and a weak point. The handle mechanism bolting though plastic sort of makes me wonder how long that will last considering that is where most of the movement occurs. For the money you get a cheaply built cutter that does the job, depending on how much you plan on using it. Granted it is not the industrial, heavy duty wood models and such, just a simple around the home trimmer.I really like this Swingline Trimmer.  It's very easy to use, lightweight and easier to store than the big, heavy ones.  It performs well, can easily cut ten sheets of paper at a time.  I've used it for a lot of paper crafts, cutting heavy cardstock with ease and accuracy.  The paper is easy to line up, so you get satisfying results.  I've had quite a few trimmers, and they never really lived up to my expectations.  I have a very expensive Martha Stewart trimmer which is a huge disappointment, difficult to line up and and the cuts are often slightly off, which drives me crazy.  This trimmer far surpasses that one, for less than half the price.  I'd highly recommend for scrapbookers and other crafters, for students (with parental supervision, of course).  There is a lockable safety latch on the side to prevent accidents while not in use.  Very pleased with this product.Our cub scout leader last year let me borrow one of these to cut out all our homemade den doodles, ribbons, etc. It worked like a charm so I had to have one myself for all the scrapbooking I do at home. Great price, arrived in perfect condition and the blade on this is wonderful. I've been using it for a few months now, absolutely no problems with cutting through anything yet. Love the side lock so that my 4 year old can't get curious. Highly recommended!If you need a good accurate large format paper cutter, look no farther. This Swingline gets the job done quickly and precisely. Our only concern about it relates to the weight. It is made of composite material which makes it lighter than wood and it tends to move around a bit when using it. On the other hand, if it were made of solid oak or other hard wood, it would take two people to move it around from place to place. Good product and worth the money.I like this for making straight consistent cuts - I've used it to print 2 flyers or cards on 1 piece of paper and cut it in half.  The blade is extremely sharp and the board is lightweight plastic.  I easily store this under my bed to keep it out of the way and off a desk.Very Difficult to get it to make an even cut though!!! EVEN ON A FLAT SURFACE LINING EVERYTHING UP!!! It's like it does what it wants to when it comes to whether it makes a straight cut or one that is angled.But all-in-all it is a good Trimmer.You can even use it to cut up stuff like old credit cards, or IDs. I use it as my own little shredder on documents that have personal information on that I need to throw away. (just a tip)I had been using an el cheapoWestcott Paper Trimmerfor cutting a LOT of cardstock and regular paper, and I was excited to try this instead because I felt it would be a step up. In the end, I was rather disappointed by this. The accuracy of the cuts is not good. With paper, it just wants to bend the paper down instead of cutting it, and even with cardstock it is very hard to make an accurate cut. I was afraid I was wearing out my Westcott trimmer, cutting out an extended set of Cards Against Humanity cards, but this guillotine trimmer was simply not accurate enough for that or for some other projects I had. After a bit I gave up and figured out I had a tiny bit of paper stuck in my Westcott trimmer and once that was cleaned out I was back to my accurate cuts with that one. If you are looking to cut several pieces of cardstock at a time or maybe 5 or 6 regular pieces of paper and accuracy is not necessary, then I think you might do okay with this guillotine trimmer, but I'm going back to my old trimmer for now at least.I've used a lot of these guillotine trimmers at schools and half thought it would be one of those but when this arrived, I found that it really is a "lite" copy of one of them. And considering that one of those institutional ones can cost 3 times as much, this is not bad.Except for the blades and the green rail, the body is completely made of plastic. It's light weight, which means it'll be easy to move around, but it also means that when you lift the blade, you will need to push the body down, otherwise the whole body just comes up.Function:You use a cutter mainly to make long straight cuts or for craft work when scissors won't work or you don't want to use a ruler and a craft knife. As such the cutter works well enough. The website says you can cut up to 10 sheets at once, which seems generous but doable with a lot of effort and I mean a lot. I probably wouldn't do more than 6 pieces to avoid dulling the blade or breaking something. In any case, the green safety rail limits the amount of paper you can feed into the blade.Thinking to the future, I think I would use this cutter mainly for precision work, rather than heavy duty cutting due to it's "lite" nature.Safety:It has a small lock that prevents the blade when not in use. It is definitely safer than the institutional cutters I've used before but it is still very sharp and can definitely take fingers off.Overall, an inexpensive light version of an institutional strength cutter. Good for the price and precision work when you want to have accurate straight cuts. I'm thinking that this will probably see a lot of use in our home.When I first got theSwingline ClassicCut Lite 15-Inch Guillotine Trimmera couple years ago, I was pretty happy with it.  I used it mostly for cutting coupons and various craft projects, nothing really over the top.Unfortunately, the product is not very durable for the long run.  There are also some safety issues with this product.  In use, the unit would lift off the table during cutting.  Considering how razor sharp the blade is, this could lead to a serious problem.  While I appreciate that this product is lightweight and ultra-portable, this seems to be a contributing factor to this problem.  The product also lacks the ability to adjust the edge, thus you may have a harder time getting uniform cuts most of the time. Sometimes the cuts can look uneven and really sloppy.Being made of plastic, the unit has worn over time and I've started to see cracks in the workmanship.  It would have been nicer to see this product made from something more durable like metal.  It doesn't happen to often, but sometimes the unit snags the paper and rips it.  This is mostly in the middle but doesn't happen too often.  For a long term investment, I would not recommend this cutter.The Swingline Classic Cut Lite 15-Inch Guillotine Trimmer is exactly what it says, it's LIGHT, and it cuts very well.  The lightness of the product does make it feel a bit cheap, but I think it will hold up just fine....it's a desktop item, not something you're going to throw around or jump on!There are two sets of measuring guides, on at the top of the cutter and another about 5 inches down which is kind of nice, the entire bed of the cutter it filled with grids so it's easy to make sure that your paper is lined up straight, very useful for cutting smaller items.I am very happy with this cutter, a great replacement for my old heavy elephant of a cutter, definitely worth it!Any parent with kids in school has stayed up way past their bedtime working on projects the little darling "forgot" to tell you about until the night before it was due.  I've had blisters on my fingers from cutting and cutting by hand, so I decided to buy one of these paper cutters for the next time.  I bought mine at Walmart, for about $26.I was a little put off by the all-plastic base and unit's overall light weight, but with 100 little squares to cut out for the latest school project I was willing to give it a try.  I'm very happy with the way it works, although it takes a little practice to cut exactly where you want it to.  The blade is SUPER sharp (my bleeding knuckle assures you) and the cutter should only be used by adults.  It cuts up to 10 regular pages (about 5 pages of construction paper) with ease.  In fact, it works better with 2 or more pages than with one.One hint I learned is that you need to hold the paper very securely with your left hand, so it can't be pulled crooked as you lower the blade with your right hand.  Also, as you lower the cutting bar to cut, use a slight inward pressure on the handle, to keep the blade slicing right up against the guide.This is a great little paper cutter and I'm "looking forward" to all those late nights when we'll be chopping and pasting.I do a variety of crafts including origami. With origami, you have to get the cut exactly perfect and exactly square for the end result to come out properly. I'm often doing shapes for weddings or special occasions where there is an unusual request. I'll need to make large origami cranes from vellum, or watercolored origami lotus flowers, or that sort of thing. So I need a cutter that can do the job. I wouldn't dream of trying to do these by hand with scissors.The guillotine might be fine for cutting coupons, or separating tax forms, or other things where it doesn't have to be precise. But I find that the drawing motion of the blade pulls the paper and, despite my best efforts, won't make an exactly perfect cut. With the rolling cutters, there's no issue at all. It's exactly perfect. Plus it's far easier and safer.This unit is pretty much all lightweight plastic and doesn't feel sturdy. The blade does lock with a safety catch, but I wouldn't want this around kids. It's fairly sharp. So you have a sharp blade but it doesn't make precise cuts.To make things a little worse, their guide lines are fairly fat, so you're not able to make a precise measurement, either.So I'm not sure where I'd recommend this. In just about every situation where I could see someone using this, I could see them using the rotary one instead, and the rotary one would work better. Still, I'll give it three stars for being at least reasonably ok at performing its task.We were sent a review copy by the Amazon vine program.This replaced a smaller, somewhat flimsier paper cutter and while that one was merely adequate, I feel this one is ideal for home use.  It will accurately and neatly cut up to 10 sheets of standard paper or approximately 5 pieces of medium card stock at a time.  While this may fall short in an office setting, for our needs at home, it does a great job.Although it's considerably lighter, smaller and easier to store, it shares several important features with its more expensive commercial cousins.  It has an alignment grid and a ruler to ensure that your cuts are accurate and it boasts important safety features such as a guard rail and a blade lock to prevent you from cutting something you don't intend to.  And that's a good thing too because the die-cast metal blade is very sharp to begin with and is self-sharpening as well.The Swingline ClassicCut Lite Guillotine Trimmer is a well-made product that fulfills its promise.I bought this because of the cheap price. It does feel a bit cheap, but it definitely does its job and I would not hesitate to purchase another one. It cuts a nice clean line and I have no real complaints!I use paper cutters primarily for origami, where getting straight and accurate cuts is CRITICAL. Unfortunately it's very hard to get them correct with this trimmer. First, the guides are relatively wide compared to other cutters, so it's hard to know where precisely to line the paper up. The other issue is that the guide in the middle of the cutter is further down on this larger size than on the smaller model. This makes is much more difficult to line paper up if you are cutting to sizes of around 6 inches or less, which I very often am (cutting 12x12 scrapbook paper to 6x6). It doesn't handle multiple sheets particularly well, I could do about 3 or 4 before I started having issues, but it's the accuracy of it that is the biggest issue for me personally. If you don't need perfect cuts though it's a good enough trimmer and certainly will do the trick for photo use and other less critical jobs.This paper trimmer looks cheap (the body is gray plastic), but is sturdy and reliable and more than meets all our small office needs. Love the grid that helps you keep the paper straight. If you need more than a few sheets at a time cut, or other features like a spring-loaded arm, you should invest in a more expensive heavy-duty trimmer. But this is more than adequate for us and a welcome addition to our office equipment, as I can't cut a straight line with scissors to save my life!This is a plastic Guillotine from Swingline. All that plastic and light weight may make it feel a bit on the cheaper side, especially if you are used to the heavier guillotine. But, this works just as well. It comes with the usual inch and metric ruler and the alignment grid. It has a protective guardrail to protect your precious little fingers.I have used it for about 3 weeks now and it has worked well. It cuts in straight lines and the cut is neat. I really like it and it has replaced my old guillotine (which I gave back to my sister...the original owner).The Swingline ClassicCut delivers crisp, clean cuts. It is well made and sturdy - sure to last many, many years.My only ding (and it is a small one) is that I wish there were suction cups on the bottom to secure it firmly to the table.I make my own business cards, printed on heavy-stock paper, and use the Swingline ClassicCut to cut them individual cards. The built-in guide makes that process fast and easy.I also like printing 4-6 photos on larger-sized photo paper and the Swingline enables me to cut these into perfect separate photos.I cannot cut a straight line with a pair of scissors to save my life - and thankfully I don't have to try now that I rely on my Swingline ClassicCut. Two thumbs up.I purchased this paper cutter for home paper craft projects. It's very light, yet sturdy. I found the blade to be sharp and precise. The workspace is large enough to keep the paper supported and straight for most projects. I rated 4 stars instead of 5 because the blade is not sharp enough to do an edge trim. Based on what I was cutting, it can't go less than 1/8&#34; without chewing the side of the paper.I have used this for everything from coupons to my son's school photos. I found this to be a very useful item for my home office, coming in handy when I printed out tickets on card stock and when cutting I got a clean, crisp, sharp edge and no fraying or tearing. I think that in a home or home office where you have lots of items to cut that this would make a useful addition to decrease the time spent cutting things.In short, I am impressed by how very lightweight this trimmer is.  If you want to be able to pick up your trimmer and easily move it to another room, I highly recommend this.If you want a little more detail...Paper trimmers usually have heavy wooden bases, probably so that they won't slide around during use.  But that extra weight means that you can't easily move the trimmer from room to room if you are working on a project.  By contrast, this Swingline &#34;Lite&#34; trimmer is probably about as light as it could possibly be and still remain functional.  It is very easy to carry around with one hand.The base is a thin but sturdy plastic.  In addition to the four corner supports on the bottom of the base, there is a fifth support in the center of the bottom.  No doubt, this extra support is necessary on such a thin trimmer in order to keep it from sagging in the middle when holding your papers in place.I am also pleased with the accurate cuts.  Some trimmers I've used seem to give me consistently crooked cuts.  Not so with this Swingline.  Whether I cut one or ten pieces of paper, I have never been disappointed by the cutting.If I could gripe about one thing (maybe worth a half-star deduction), it would be this: I find that the safety latch for locking down the arm is a little tricky to access.  It's a bit &#34;tucked away&#34; under the arm itself, making it a little harder to lock and unlock.  However, because it's such a light trimmer, it's easy to pick up the entire trimmer with one hand and tilt it until I find the latch.All in all, this is really a great trimmer.  Don't be put off by the &#34;Lite&#34; in its title.****I also own a heavy wooden guillotine trimmer that is a really completely different caliber product. This Swingline is much lighter and for me, who uses it only occasionally, perfect. I have had no problems with its operation and everything works great; it also cuts a straight line on several sheets of paper, which is the most I would use. It is a much cheaper-quality product than the heavy wooden trimmer. If I could have just one I would pick the more expensive product as I am sure it will perform better over time as well as last longer. The advantage of this Swingline trimmer is that it is light and portable and can be stored easily in small areas.Another good use for this trimmer would be as a second trimmer, since it is 15 inches long. It is a good price compared to the heavy 15-inch wooden trimmers. If you do a lot of trimming and have the room, you could use a sturdy wooden guillotine trimmer for everyday usage and then this longer lighter one for speciality trimming of longer/wider items.All in all, recommended for light use, but especially as a second trimmer.*****Over the last few months I have turned into one of those &#34;Krazy Coupon Ladies&#34;, and let me tell you clipping coupons by hand sucks ( especially when you are buying 6+ newspapers a week). So when I saw this trimmer I jumped at the chance to try it out.Its my new best friend and literally cuts my clipping time in half. I line up 6 pages ( state you can do up to 10) and swipe swipe they are neatly cut out and ready to be filed. The blade is quiet sharp and I really like that you can lock it. I made sure my kids aren't aware of this feature so they cant play with it.This trimmer is pretty light weight so that helps me move it from spot to spot if i need to and i really don't mind that i have to hold it to move the blade up and down. Its very sturdy though and seems like it will last for a long time. Overall I'm really happy with this product and have already recommended it to several of my friends and family that also use coupons.When I first got it, it was so lightweight that I thought &#34;this thing can't be much more than a toy, but it surprised me.  It cuts straight and clean.  I like the way it's marked for measuring.  It says it will cut &#34;up to 10 sheets&#34; which it does.  I really don't need more than that at home anyway.  I'm used to the beast we have where I used to work.  The thing weighed a lot and it felt very substantial.  This doesn't have the weight, but it does seem to be a good product for what I need.  After I got over my first impression that it was flimsy, I find I like that it's lightweight so I can move it easily with one hand.  My son just started back to college studying art and photography.  He has already used it and is happy with it as well.  Score!I often make oversized prints of my photographs and to save money and time I'll have my local office supply store print them on good quality stock that is often not perfectly sized to the print. I use this unit to make super-clean straight cuts. It is not a heavy duty machine but it could handle 5-6 sheets easily.Be warned though that the more sheets in a stack to cut, the greater the chance that the edges will not be precise. If you need it perfect, do one sheet at a time.Great value for the money.  I was hesitant to buy it after looking at a much more expensive wooden one.  This was well worth the money, does everything I need and was very affordable.Thank goodness, this thing actually cuts!  Previously, I had bought a cheap paper cutter and it just didn't do the job and basically 'ate' my paper because it tore it up so badly. This works so much better, and the blade seems to be quite sharp. I will say that it seems to work better with more than one sheet of paper at one time. If you are cutting a long single sheet of paper, then I would recommend that you hold it down in the middle/opposite end of the way the blade swings or it could possible raise up some (the paper itself). Sort of hard to explain, but it may happen. What I did was take a piece of cardboard and set it on top of the paper so it stays stable. If all else fails, just flip the paper upside down and cut the part you were having issues with from the top. One thing I don't really understand is the bar that goes across- next to the blade. If this was adjustable, it would be great; but I haven't seen or found a way to lower it so it is pretty pointless. All in all, an affordable cutter that works well.This is a case of you get what you pay for.  This is not a device meant for heavy use.  It is not the solid metal, hurt your back moving cutter that some of us used when young and in school.  However, it is patterned off of that.  This is made with a plastic and is solid and rigid (not flimsy at all).  It is heavy enough to stay in place while cutting and has the typical ruler in the middle of the platform.  The trimmer cuts with a crisp and solid feel to the swing arm action.  I had no issues whatsoever cutting.The blade is solid metal and sharp.  It has a safety catch - if I had one thing to improved, I would make that more solid and more obvious... make it a bright red plastic.  It is currently a little stainless steel catch people can easily not be aware of.This product is great for little projects.  Trimming photos, etc.  Over Christmas I had been making a lot of laminated certificates as a joke gift.  I really wish I had this cutter at the time.For the price (~35), I really like the functionality for the value of this product.This isn't the biggest, heaviest or sturdiest guillotine cutter in the world, for sure.  It's fairly small, and plastic-y.  But, it actually does a pretty great job as long as you take your time.  It's very lightweight, which is great if you need to move it around, but it's easy to make it shift around accidentally when you're using it.  But as long as you line up what you're cutting well and cut smoothly, and don't try to cut more than a half-dozen or so pages at once, you'll get a perfect, clean cut.The Swingline ClassicCut is lightweight and very sharp.  The safety latch is under the handle, and snaps securely into place, making it safer than other safety latches.  There is a ruler built into the top and middle of the surface, and the middle ruler includes metric.  The Swingline looks nice, and matches the picture.  It will cut 10 sheets, but for straight cuts I would recommend no more than 5 or 6.  Overall, a good product.I got this primarily for cutting photos. Very sharp blade... cuts are very smooth and precise. The entire cutter, aside from the blade, is made of plastic... it's extremely lightweight, however it's also very sturdy. My last two cutters were made mostly of a wood base, but this board seems more durable then those.Extremely happy and would recommend.Starting making bookmarks and other laminate projects to have a variety of items for craft shows.  It was taking too much time cutting out each item, laminating them and then cutting the laminate with scissors.  This trimmer has eliminated the problem.  I was surprised at how easily it cuts through even 5 mil laminate also.  Lightweight but very durable. A must have.I bought this for cutting post cards out of 110lb cardstock. It seems to be a fraction of a degree shy of a square 90 deg. corner (acute). It is however a very small degree of difference, and can be easily compensated for if you carefully eyeball the lineup of your paper with the edge/blade. Blade is relatively sharp, construction seems sturdy enough.If you are used to the old wooden paper cutters, like I am, than you may be a little disappointed.  This is made of plastic and metal and doesn't have the same old solid feel that the wood and metal cutters did.  But it still works just fine.  I did realize after I got it that it didn't have a paper guide for repeated cutting of the same size paper though.  I use ours to cut used paper from our printer in half to make scratch paper and I thought I would hate not having the guide, but it has not been an issue.  I am satisfied with this product.I use Amazon for most of my purchases and update my reviews if anything changes with the products. I do this so other Amazon users can get a real feel for the life of the product. You can look at my review which will be close to my purchase date and tell how the product is doing as time passes.  I am not associated with any company and all opinions are my very own.This paper cutter works great. I use it for a laminating project and I love it. I couldn't be happier with it.Was looking for a lightweight cutter that wasn't too bulky but could still handle several sheets. I love this cutter. The guidelines are clearly marked and the blade cuts easily. No ripped/bent papers. Easily goes through 10 sheets at a time. Perfect for a small office.First of all, the handle is not installed, you need to root around in the box for it.  Takes one second to put on.Just got finished cutting out flashcards from cardstock, 750 of them (so over 300 cut) and 200 sheets of regular paper in half (400 cuts).  Also tried it on photos.Pros:It easily cuts 6 sheets of cardstock (110lb weight) consistentlyRaised edge makes it pretty easy to keep stacks of paper straight.It will cut &#8220;slivers&#8221;  (as small as 2mm wide) off of sturdy paper (photo paper or cardstock).Easy to store , it is pretty lightweight.  With the green handle installed it is 22in (including handle) by 13in by  2.75 deep (the handle part)You can lock the arm in place.Cons:With regular paper, it has a harder time with slivers, it tends to smoosh the paper a bit.I wish it had labels across the top, not just of inches and cm but where to align for cutting standard sheets in half (for both long and short directions).  I ended up marking these on it with a Sharpie to speed up my project.This is NOT a product for use in a school or if you have to cut hundreds of sheets of paper every day.  It is great for home use.If you want to cut large pieces of paper straight, this is a great choice for home. It works just like the big heavy-duty paper cutters at the elementary schools. You lift up the arm with the sharp blade, slide the paper where you want it and bring the arm down to cut. It&#8217;s got marks to measure any length up to 15 inches and provides a nice, straight cut.For the most part, it works very well for me. I tried to cut eight pages of 22 pound regular copy paper and found that was too much. The middle of the blade got stuck, or wouldn&#8217;t easily cut. I found six pages worked better. This unit is light-weight and easy to move around. It works best on a sturdy surface like a table or counter. The only thing I don&#8217;t like about it is that it won&#8217;t fit in the box when fully assembled. It came with the handle not attached to the cutting arm. It popped on easily, but to store it in the closed box, I would have to remove the handle. I don&#8217;t want the handle to get loose over time from being removed and put back on, so I store it with the end of the box open and hope not too much dust gets in.I really like these little clips (they are very little) and the colors just make them more interesting.  At this price, you cannot go wrong and the quality is just fine.binder clips fit the bill when one has only a few sheets of paper to be held together.  The multiple color pack is a definite easy on the eyes.  They are sturdy and strong; built for the smaller job.These are nice, colorful mini binder clips that are a must for any office environment. They do what they are supposed to do: hold papers together.These clips only open about a 1/2&#34; but work better than paper clips for keeping more documents together securely. They don't really eliminate paper clips, they just hold more. I think reasonably priced especially with Prime.When they call these binder clips mini, they mean mini. I wasn't expecting the huge 1.5 or 1.25 inch binder clips, but I was expecting something that would do more than paper clips.Just be warned, if you are looking for something smaller than those huge binder clips, but not mini (hence the name), buy the "medium" size.If you are looking for something to hold papers .05% better than paper clips, these are perfect for you.They're push-pins. They do what you'd think that they would. There seem to be about the proper number, but I certainly haven't counted. My only gripe, and why it's 4 stars, is that the box that it came in doesn't clasp fully closed. I'm not sure how to explain this - the clasp is molded plastic, two little nubs. One of the nubs is missing. Still holds together alright, but I wouldn't want to shake it around or drop it on non-carpeted floor or anything. It came like this. Obviously is broke somewhere along the way and wasn't designed like this.Not sure what else to say about push pins. Except, doesn't it always seem like push pins are things you know you have around until you actually need them, and then you realize that you don't have any anywhere? They're like safety pins in that way.Anyway. Good push pins. Meh container.Good price and qualityPush pins arrived as expected and are performing as expected. The box that the pins is in doesn't close very well, but the pins themselves are fine.Overall: recommend this item. The pushpins are great, they do the job. 5-stars would be awarded if the box did not pop open so easily. I would purchase item again.When the package arrive, all of the pins literally poured to the ground. The box was broken and so were some of the pins!!There was ABSOLUTELY NO packaging or protection in the box.For almost $9, this is a total rip off!!These clips are exactly what I was looking for. I hadn't purchased them at a store because the price was so expensive.  The Amazon price was quite reasonable which allowed me to make a guilt-free purchase. Now I don't feel as if I need to save them only for special projects because I have a dozen of them!I started using these ever since we had to use the new coversheets on the TPS reports. It's just we're putting new coversheets on all the TPS reports before they go out now. So if you could go ahead and try to remember to do that from now on, that'd be great. All right!I always have these on hand and use them in all sorts of ways. Here is a short list...1. Keeps potato chip, cereal, and other bags tightly rolled up2. Have thumb tacks or screws to hang these on for papers, photos, even magazines3. Clothes line hangers! Work much better than the wooden sets and no spring to fail4. Hold cables together for organization. Need to unplug something? Just open it up and close back on the remaining cables!5. When working on my car I use these to hold wires and other small things out of the way6. On an aquarium use these not just to organize your cable but to move airline tube out of sight. Use a thumbtack to keep it where you want it7. Hang the floor mats from your car to hose them off. I have screws setup just for this purpose. Leave them hanging to dry8. TortureThere are many more ways to use these and I am sure people have great suggestions! Add them to the comments on this review! For the money you just cannot beat the versatility. These well made clips will last a long time and are completely worth buying over and over again.ACCO Binder Clips (in all 4 sizes) are good binder clips. They come in Large, Medium, Small, and Mini sizes. Have used them for years.These come in one of those standard cheap plastic containers which is always a bummer because you end up needing to put them in something else eventually.  However, the price was great for a 30 count of various sizes.  The only size lacking is the very large ones which I do have occasion to use when I'm unable to use anything but.  That or sit with a whole puncher forever and put them into a binder.  The shipping was quick and they were in pristine condition when they arrived.  I haven't as of yet had a problem with them not being durable which is big bonus so great material.I have used other brands and while it is difficult to say there is a lot of difference between the various brand I have noticed something recently on my older clips. There are small rust places appearing, thus I tossed many of those and went to this clip. These clips are made very sturdy and they should last me a long time.Binder clips are in style.  You've got to have several sizes so you can use the correct size for each job.  And you don't need fancy looking, multi-colored binder clips as studies show they don't impress as much as using appropriate size.This was a good deal so I added it to my extensive binder clip pipeline.Ordered these as a general necessity in the office and have had no problems.  They were priced well and came quickly, will buy more!These are well made and have several uses. I keep these on hand and use them as binder clips as well as a handy clamp for craft projects.I can jam a lot more into one of these honkin' clips than I ever could with a paper clip. They're also good for other things that need a good clamping. For example, I use a pair to hold up old drapes in the garage since I'm too lazy and cheap to do it properly, it's a garage.Undamaged package. Product as described. $3 at my local office supply store. I use these often and I lose them before they break. Will be ordering again.A clip is a clip.  same clip as you will find at Stapes, etc., but at a better price and without tax.  I am happy that Amazon has many of the office supplies that we need and...with Amazon Prime, we can get them within a 1-2 days and with no shipping costsThis is a very strong mid-size binder clip that will be very useful. There is nothing special about the clip but the price seemed fair. I would buy again and that's the reason for the 5 star rating.The picture made it look like it was a bit bigger turns out it was those super tiny clips. Even though I know description may say its length however the picture makes it look bigger so beawareother than that its a great product!Wow, what a nice surprise. These are strong and solid. And they really grip. I like these better than the 1&#34; ones!These binder clips are the same ones you see in the office products stores except they are much less expensive and free shipping when you order enough on any one order. They work as advertised.I use these clips for everything. There a good size not to big and not to small. I do also buy the small ones. They're good too. But you can do so much more with the medium size.These boxes empty automatically; I have no idea where they get to. Occasionally I'll notice one under a screw on a cabinet door where 'food storage' lists or whatever is clipped. And there must be dozens of them clipped, two each, to a half inch of documents that no longer require a binder but are still used occasionally. But we've been buying these for 50 years... where have they gone? One clever use is as a handle for 'little things''; you clip them on, then slide the chrome pieces off the spring steel portions and just use what is left. We've got an ancient chest in the barn with one of these clipped onto each of the tiny drawer pulls so they're easier to grip.This product may be fine enough, but the storage process clearly wasn't.  The binder clips were entwined in elaborate, deep webbing, which I thought might be some kind of strange packaging.  Nope.  As I tried to pull back the thick white sheet on the clips, there appeared an enormous spider...the kind of thing you see only in a few places in the U.S.  Never again will I buy an Acco product; I'd be too terrified of what might appear in the box.I have no idea about the product, as I obviously threw out the box, giant spider, ocean of spider-killer, and all.When you hit that 2:15 in the afternoon nappy feeling and your mind is anywhere but on work, see how long you can leave one of these clipped to your ear or tongue. The bigger ones are far more forgiving, by the way.When it's time to focus back on work, these are incredibly good at clipping any number of papers together. A must have!If the size is very important for you, check the photo of the box first. The description by Amazon lists these as 1-1/4, however the box actually lists 1-1/16.Even then, really the usable size is closer to just 1".We needed super large clips at the office, and measured that 1-1/4 would be just perfect, however with the actual usable bit measuring in at 1", we're having some problems making them work.Granted, they do work great, but the item description was misleading online, and the actual stated capacity is also stretching it a little.Durability is great as usual, though unusual warping may occur due to the larger size. Harder to open to the full 1" size.but they were really cheap, less than $2 total shipped. They worked, they are good for keeping together a few pages.I am a bit OCD when it comes to my school books/notes/etc organization.  These binder clips help me keep my page in my planner, keep chapter work together when I remove it from my binder (like after being tested), and to keep my page in my notebook.  Best of all, they help you keep organized at a very affordable price.the price is good.  I donated to school for school suppplies.  the clips are good on the fingers to press.This Acco 2 Inch Large Binder Clips, Black, 12 Pack (A7072100B) comes in very handy for daily needs....so much easier than other methods of clasping.They work! They do just what they're supposed to do! What more can I say even though they want me to say more!Who gets excited about binder clips? I guess I do. I use them as &#34;chip clips&#34;, to close sacks of flour and other pantry items, to hang gloves and hats, you name it. If it can be clipped I use these. Killer price too! Get them in every size, you'll use them.Well, what can I say--they're binder clips.  They work, they are sturdy, they are functional, they do the job.  I like them just fine.I've been using all three sizes of binder clips (large, medium and small) to collect and save documents (primarily for for my paid bills and tax information files).  These work great if you have more sheets than can readily be grouped under a Gem paper clip.  Buy'em, try 'em, you'll like 'em!Each one works just fine, nothing wrong with packaging, at an unbeatable price too. These really come in handy, will buy again.Good price, bottom line. They work as designed - actually a little tight out of the box, whihc is not a negative (give those fingers a work-out!)Item came correctly and matched the description.  These are of course old standbys that have been around since the invention of inventions.They work.  Most important at 98 cents it is a no brainer.Perfect as neededThese are great for the price.  None have given me a problem yet.  I recommend them over the more expensive ones.What can you say about binder clips?  These work fine as do the other sizes.  I don't know if they are prone to rust, but for paper they're fine.These are well made and strong, we use these often, they do seem to get lost though because everyone likes themVery reasonable metal binder clips. Stong hardy build quality and they also have a strong grip to them. Good price too.These clips are very sturdy.  At this price, you can use them to seal snack bags, hold thick stacks of papers together, match up the socks, etc.  Everyone should have these.I've been using these things for decades and in all of its sizes. They're far superior to the conventional paper clip (unless you need absolutely flat storage) and last just about forever. My wife even uses them to stabilize her bird feeders on a wire line. They do rust if you use them like she does.This exciting assortment of acclaimed Acco Presentation Clips provides individuals with a variety of choices which should meet the most common document clipping needs.  Shiny and well made, Acco presents the most demanding clip connoisseur with a rich banquet of excellent designs and robustly engineered clips distinguished by the superior standards that have made Acco one of the industries truly visionary manufacturers.  Beautifully finished and exquisitely realized, these are quite reasonably priced considering the superb product Acco provides to the document clip officionado.  For those unfamiliar with the name Acco, it is a profound understatement indeed to say a very pleasant surprise awaits you.  For the regular client, the outstandingly consistent quality found in this stunning plethora of office essentials will once again awaken the usual feeling of deep satisfaction that is known so well to Acco devotees.  In fact, this particular 30 count package is the perfect initial introduction for the novice to Acco's renown style and incredible value.  Take advantage of this uniquely packaged assortment and prepare yourself as you step into the wondrous realm of the Acco Presentation Clips Experience.  Beware, however, for once you sample Acco, simply nothing else will satisfy your presentation clip needs.These were a lot cheaper at Amazon than OfficeMax. Great heavy duty binder clips that you can use for almost anything including in the workshop or in the kitchen.Not much to report about these binder clips except to say that they work, they haven't broken and I haven't come across any defective ones. I use mine to keep bags of flour closed.Haven't used them yet but they look neat & looks like they will do the job to hold my large college essays together in case a professor doesn't like stapled essays. Oh! and these would also be great to bind my index cards for studying!These are a good value and are of good quality. Work great for quantities of paper that are just a bit much for the average staple to comfortably hold or for papers that need to be separated frequently.These clips are made of good metal and can bind large stacks of paper.  They are handy and easy to use.  You never know when you will need to use one so I stocked up.I mean, what can you write about these? They are binder clips. Not much more else to add. They bind. They last forever. It takes a long time to rust. These are the extra large ones and I got them to seal packages in the freezer and to hold paper blinds closed.I received the correct number of boxes of clips as stated in the product review. Excellent value for the price.These are the standard large paper clips the office supply stores carry.  A great deal for a pack of 10... will last me for some time and I won't have to be collecting my clips back when I deliver papers anymore!acco is very reliable brand and we love the jumbo size paperclipsour office does not like the small paperclips - papers tend to get disconnectedthese are the best!Its a paperclip, yay, it works as described. But I find Costco to be a bit more competitive in pricing (online).We all need lots of paper clips if we write.  If we do taxes.  And, staples, while they have their place, just don't make it where a jumbo paper clip can clasp in its jumboness the sheaf of our thoughts or the checks of a bygone year.  Paperclips are like paisleys.  We all need more of them.Paper slips ar all the same in my opinion. So just went for the cheapest. Even cheaper on smazon than walmart or Costco.We use to use the small paper clips & found they accidentally clip to other papers that should not be attached.  With this size, it is less likely.I bought these about a year ago, use a lot of paperclips (albeit I reuse them) and am only on box 2.  You have a better chance of losing them than using all of them.  Great value.These are amazing! How clever that someone devised a way to bend thin strips of shiny metal in such a fashion that they can be used to clip several sheets of paper products together so they don't get lost. They don't work as well as my stapler, but those with commitment issues will find the paper clip a great alternative. They can also be bent into fun shapes when you are faced with idle time sitting at your desk. However, it seems that once they are altered from their original shape, they do not perform their intended task very well anymore. Sure glad that I purchased 1,000 of these little buggers.Great, Great easy to use packaging. Bubble wrap comes straight out of the box just like silver foil or wax paper. It's a very large roll that comes out of a side slot that makes it very easy to cut with your scissor. Meanwhile, the unused portion stays neatly in the box.I use this bubble wrap to protect smaller items that I ship all over the country.  The 12' width and the perforations every foot make it easy to detach each piece if necessary without having to use scissors or a knife.  The smaller bubble size is more adaptable to smaller items.So, I won't.  I can, however, get excited about the value you'll get on Amazon.If you need bubble wrap for shipping at a good price, this is a good deal.Note: Most bubble wrapping will stick to your shipped product if you're sending it across state/country in 100+ degree weather, the product material is susceptible to it (glossy book cover, plastics, etc.)and the barrier between the wrapping and the outside of the shipping container is minimal in thickness.  Be aware of this and cover your product with something prior to applying the bubble wrap to ensure your product won't stick to it (i.e. a single layer of wrapping tissue around the product)I bought this particular bubble wrap for two reasons: I wanted a good quality bubble wrap and I wanted a larger quantity. I got both with this wrap. It tears every 12" if needed and the 100 feet box goes far. I got tired of buying the smaller size bags of bubble wrap and only being able to wrap a few small items before the bag was empty. Not a problem with this size. I'll buy this bubble wrap again.Scotch pretty much makes the best packing materials there are. This bubble wrap is no different. Good perforation, great price, and good quality. Not really much more to ask for, it's just bubble wrap. :)What's better than lots of bubble wrap to dance on (or wrap produces for shipping)? Bubble wrap in neatly perforated squares! Very customizable to meet any safe-shipping need we've encountered thus far.I purchased 2 of these for my recent cross-country move to protect my kitchen-wares and fragile stuff (e.g. lamps, picture frames, a porcelain owl, etc.).  I did not lose any dishes, cups, bowls, and other fragile items during the move I'm sure in part thanks to the Scotch Cushion Wrap.  The perforations 12 inches help make it easy to tear proper lengths of bubble wrap and you can easily fold or stack them back up for re-use.  I have no complaints and will probably buy again for my next move.The cardboard box conveniently doubles as a dispenser, which makes this product even easier to both use and store.  The plastic is perforated approx every 12 inches so you can tear off as much as required.  Excellent for wrapping.I'm ordering another one of these: the bubble-wrap is of high quality, and the mailing box kept it that way. It's worth it to me to pay just a bit more to get a reliable product.This bubble wrap is quite a bargain, especially compared to what it costs at a local office supply store.  Even though the bubble wrap is in a box, that box is placed in a larger box for shipping...it's like Amazon is throwing in a box for free!I always buy perforated bubble wrap now - it reduces the time to it takes to wrap items.  I occasionally sell things via online auction just to make a few dollars, not as a living.  The less time I spend wrapping goods the better.As a bonus, even though the bubbles are smaller they still make a satisfying popping sound...bubble wrap isn't just for shipping things, it's for stress relief too!Buy this - free shipping + free box + made in the USA = a great value.It was important that I receive this fast because I was going to move fast. It arrived in the scheduled time frame. Quality bubble wrap, worked well for protecting my stuff during shipment... but...not much can stop UPS and the way they throw around your packages like a sport. They still managed to break some things somehow. The next time I moved I had a UPS store pack my stuff for me, paid them and everything. Bought their bubble wrap and box based on their recommendations and paid for the shipping. They STILL broke my stuff even more, including completely damaging my EVGA GTX 285. It was a huge hassle to get money out of them for their mistake, they kept trying to blame me despite the fact they were paid to pack and ship it and I had insured it. That's right! no bubble wrap can save you from UPS, but this is good quality bubble wrap.Strong, flexible, and perforated so one may use only a 12" square or a much longer piece, as needed. Good price compared to most retail stores. Keeps things safe, neat, and tidy while stored away or shipped off.Its hard to get excited or wax poetic about bubble wrap. This stuff works good and gets the job done, with no breakages of the things I have wrapped in it. That's about all I can say.I love packing with bubble wrap. I always save items that I receive in the mail which has it and reuse it.I bought this large roll as I was running out of my scraps so now I have bubble wrap to last for years.  :-)These are great for little gift tags.  They are perfect for small gifts and some pretty twine!  Happy with these.paper tag key rings can be written on and stored easily. great if you have extra keys you need to organizeWow, what do you even say about key tags.  If you need to label keys these are a good option.  Great price and they were exactly what I expected.These little things are so handy for labeling keys, thanks so much!  I thought the price was good for how many were in the box.Perfect.  They were just what I wanted.  Excellent quality.  I shopped around for these locally and the pricing was terrible.  So expensive.  The pricing here was very good and fair for what I wanted to pay.  This single pack will last for a long time, too.So many places are carrying the new plastic hook-type key tags for cabinets, it was great I found these at Amazon.  I realize it isn't a big deal -- unless your co-workers need them.I use them daily before they are needed for a torn hole. I print out a lot of recipes making a cookbook. great for extra protection.This simple dispenser for hole reinforcements works great, peeling one reinforcement at a time off the backing tape as you gently pull it out of the dispenser box.  Very nice.TRYING TO LOCATE REINFORCEMENTS IN THIS DAY AND AGE OF ELECTRONIC RECORDS IS NOT ALWAYS EASY. PAGES ARE OFTEN IN NEED OF REPAIR. REINFORCEMENTS TO THE RESCUE.What can I say about hole reinforcements other than they work well. Nothing tears once they're on and they stick well without coming off.I know in this day and age it is easier to just make another copy if the holes blow out but I like my originals so I use these to repair them.Not much can be said about hole reinforcements but I can say that this brand is one that I stick by and the product does what it should at a reasonable price.  Mainly I like the convenience of having it delivered.A super product! They adhere very well and very thin. I use these frequently and I highly recommend this product.These ring-hole protector is really easy to use, it attached firmly on the paper, and make sure your notes will never ever try to run away from yourone off those things it's  good to have around.  we  keep them near  the desk.  they last a long time.I bought these because the first little box I bought were clear and you cant see them. Its infuriating trying to pick those little invisible sticky circles off the paper. Enter these white ones...just the ticket!I can't get over just how "real" these cards look, even when using a standard inkjet printer. There is NO telltale rough/perforated edge, and the matte ivory looks classier than standard white cards if you're looking for an "executive" feel to your cards.I downloaded Avery's own "DesignPro" program (free--and idiot-proof), which makes it ridiculously simple to design and print your cards. The best thing about this is that even though the bargain business-card company many of us use (you know which one) does a terrific job for a good price, you don't always need 200 cards and you can't always wait. For instance, if you have a new employee and a conference/tradeshow/meeting in a couple of days, it's easy to knock off a few dozen cards in an instant so he/she can do business right away.Can't recommend these highly enough.I'm actually a travel agent, and I purchased these to use in plastic luggage tags that I give to my clients.  They work just fine.  I do find that the edges look a little better than other brands that I've tried, though because of the way I use them, that's not as much of an issue for me, it certainly would be if you're actually using them as your business card.  On other brands, you will sometimes see a little "fiber" around the card, and you don't see that with these.I use these to print membership cards and am impressed with the quality. They're the perfect thickness, and the break apart very cleanly. Professional-looking cards at a good price. Great for what I needed.Works wonderful and clean separations. Very nice for the price and the great buy period. Thank you for the great product.Okay, so these business cards aren't all that expensive, but if you can afford to spend about $12 knowing that only about 60 of the cards will print well enough to actually be used, well, kudos.First things first, I have a really nice printer. My ink cartridge is brand-new. Yet any sort of image I tried to print came out fuzzy. One of the designs that I tried never dried properly (even after sitting out in the air for half an hour after being printed). So I tried using just text, but the first two cards on the page would print in the proper font and the rest would revert to the default font!That brings me to the Avery.com templates - don't bother, they don't work. No matter how many times I realigned, played with my image and text layouts, etc. - the first two cards would print okay, and the rest would be a disaster. I bought these cards despite the bad reviews that stated exactly what I found in regards to the templates and problems with printing them, thinking "hey, I'm pretty good with computers/printers/technology in general, I'll be able to figure it out". Nope, nope, nope. Go to VistaPrint or a similar site and print a couple hundred business cards for $20. It's worth it.I was surprised how cleanly these cards separate.  You get ten business cards per sheet.  As soon as you are done printing, you just fold each crease inward (with the front side facing you), and *snap*, the cards separate very cleanly, leaving a very clean edge.  There is no rough perforation left at all.Designing your cards is pretty easy if you are comfortable with MS Word or OpenOffice.  I was able to create double sided, full bleed business cards in OpenOffice with a reasonable amount of effort.Pros:- Nice, thick, bright card stock.- Very clean edges.- Very easy to separate cards (they literally snap apart with little effort).- Affordable way to do short runs of color business cards.- You can download Word templates online easily (login required).- Double side layouts are easy, just create another document with the template, flip over your page, and print.- Good ink adhesion with my Canon ink jet.  No smearing, quick drying.Cons:- This pack only comes with eight sheets.  This leaves little room for practice runs for your layout.  I recommend printing just one card per try until you get it right.  This means you'll print into the upper left card the first time, then have to edit your document to use the next square (so you can reuse the same sheet).- Not the best solution for large quantities--but this is pretty obvious.The AVERY WHITE CLEAN EDGE BUSINESS CARDS are great! They're come in 8.5" X 11" heavy-duty card stock sheets (10 cards per sheet) and they come apart cleanly with no perforations or jagged edges.And they're very easy to design. You can either create your own business card from scratch or use one of the pre-designed cards that you can find online at Avery's website.If you don't have an Internet connection you must have MS WORD to access the Avery Template for the business cards (in MS WORD 2007 the template # is 28877 and it's the same thing--but you can download the current one #28878). Unless you are well versed in MS WORD or making a simple business card with name, address, phone number and email address info only, using WORD can be a little tricky.There's an information sheet that explains how to access the template in MS WORD, which is pretty simple and bare bones, so even if you don't know how to use the program, you'll still be able to get to the template itself.If you don't have MS WORD or access to an Internet connection then you'll have to call customer service. Maybe in the future Avery could include a CD, with the templates on it, so that you can just copy them on to your computer.Hopefully you've got an Internet connection because going online to Avery's site is the best bet and makes creating the cards a snap! The Avery site has all these options and for free. You have to register in order to access the good stuff but they only ask for name and email address and you can opt out of getting email notices from them. Anyway here's what's on the site:***Pre-Designed and Blank templates for Mac & Window users which can be downloaded.***You can customize and design the business cards on the site without needing MS WORD or other program. There's a design wizard that guides you through the entire process and you can save the design on your computer and print right from the site.***Different fonts are available online and there's also illustrations and stock photos that you can use in your design.***Step-by-step directions on printing the cards and what to do to align your printer if need be.I tried both methods to create my business cards and by far the online version was easiest. From start to finish the process was simple and user friendly. I printed the cards up and only had to adjust the alignment a little.This great product should help save money on pro-business cards and might bring calling cards back in style (OK, maybe not-lol).While I normally have my professional cards printed professionally in larger amounts, I enjoy being able to occasionally print up a few "specific" business cards, and I always keep a few around to use.So, when I was given the chance to try this particular card - the new Clean-Edge cards, I was excited.The cards say they are for "inkjet printers" and I know that the heat and pass-through path can be a problem on laser printers, but I thought I'd try using the laser as well. I used the bypass, and it went through perfectly. I folded the sheet forward (as it instructed) and the cards "popped" out easily. They came out with clean edges - I could neither see nor feel any roughness whatsoever. While not as heavy as my professionally printed cards, they are well within the range.I also passed them through my inkjet to make sure there was no problem. They printed easily on both sides. Having them capable of being printed on the back side gives a lot more flexibility to the product!Avery's Design pro is a free download, and since I alternate between Windows and Mac, I normally use this program to set up my cards and labels. It worked very well for this product as it has in the past. I used the 8878 template, but the cards indicate that the 8371 will work as well.I use business cards for many projects - including reminders, memorization cards (these are just the right size to keep handy) making my own personalized gift tags for Christmas (I just punch a hole in the corner, and little notes of encouragement when visiting sick friends. These are the nicest ones I have found to date.***Edit***I ended up using the rest of these to make business cards for a friend who does hairdressing and who needed some. It was nice to be able to customize them using her logo. However, when I was working on them, I remembered one "old fashioned tip" for doing double sided on a printer.Put a piece of paper in your printer. Mark it up / down / towards front / towards bottom. Run the Paper through with a document Marked PRINT or some variation. Then, keep the paper handy. Use it to help make sure your documents go through correctly! The most frustrating part of two-sided is trying to figure these details out!I've used print at home business cards before, and they always left a rough edge.  There was no way around it- you could tell you printed them at home.  I have to say however, that these "Clean Edge" business cards are a vast improvement on the past!  To a trained eye, you can still see the edge was that of a tear-away, but they look pretty darn good!  I wouldn't be embarrassed to pass these out, as I was with the older versions.It's very easy to use, and the paper quality is great, which makes it very professional looking.  Also, both sides are made for prints.It's also great for making little cards, such as seating, little card on the gift item, etc.  It's very useful!If you want to have a card for all occassions,  it's easy - just get these Business cards and you can make up as many as you need,  with whatever design you want...These cards allow me a flexibility that vista cards do not, so I can change them subtly if I need to.  They also print easily and don't smudge,  and break apart cleanly.  The final product looks completely professional.That being said,  if you need 500 identical cards,  I would go to a professional printer.  But if you only need small amounts and things change as you go,  then these are a terrific option.  Happy to use them and would buy again.Very easy to use once you figure out how to pop them out. It took me a couple sheets of practice to get the hang of it. Convenient for small events where you don't need too many cards or if you like to do them as needed. The software was a bit confusing to use and the graphics didn't align correctly with the first sheet. Had to tweak the formatting to get it lined up. Overall very nice.Or maybe not for my computer???  However, if I'm having problems, there may be others out there who would experience the same frustration.My opinion may not be fair, because the trouble I had could be related to my PC.  I have never attempted to make my own business cards before, but I have been able (without any training) to make some basic projects with Publisher, such as gift certificates.  I routinely do flyers that require clip art.  So I didn't expect to have any problem with this Avery product.Avery DOES supply a contact number you can call to get help, but frankly I really dislike getting instructions over the phone, so I did not take advantage of this offer.  I would have preferred some trouble shooting tips listed online or on a sheet of paper in the packet.First, I had trouble downloading the template.  I gave up after eight tries in three different sessions. I finally settled for the totally blank card setup that I was able to get access to. I could not get the program to accept clip art most of the time.  I had trouble getting one of the seven lines to center.  When I finally was able to paste clip art onto the card, I could not control where it went AND all the copy I had set up disappeared...never to be seen again.  Some day...many months from now, I may come back and try this again.  Or I may give the product away and let someone else struggle with it.  For now, I have a lot of wasted time and no business cards to show for it.These are great for small business owners like myself who do their own business cards, rather than paying out for someone else to do them.  As long as you have a good printer, they work very well.  The only negative I could say about them is that you have to print one sheet at a time.  You can't stack 2 or more sheets in your paper tray and tell your design software to print multiples.  If you do, you'll ruin at least one sheet of cards.  It's a bit inconvenient to have to load a sheet, click print, wait.  Load a sheet, click print, wait.  Other than that, I have no complaints.These blank cards gave me a clean sharp edge and didn't jam my printer. I use them for personal printed notes as well as my business cards, and I think Avery has some of the most reliableproducts on the market.I thought when I received this I was going to get the same old DIY, perforated business cards that look so incredibly awful and don't pass the mustard in anyone's world. So when these came and had that super clean edge I was very glad it actually was what it said it was going to be. My only issue is with the thickness of the cardstock. It's not really that "buy a box of business cards at a print shop" type quality, but for a student just out of college or someone looking to grow their small business, I think this is an excellent project. Not high quality enough for executives, but definitely a nice product for everyone else. Also, it's a matte finish, not the typical glossy. I was also impressed by the Avery website that helped me create my design: I was able to upload my own .pdf logo and delete all their wordage and basically create my own. They could use a "Blank" format on their website, but I deleted one of their designs easily enough then made my own. It let me save my design as a .pdf document so I can go back and print more anytime. Printing is easy with the arrows they provide, and rethread it through to print the second side. 10 cards to a page, so a total or 8 sheets in a package. All in all, I like this product for it's clear instructions and ability to save my own design on my hard drive. I wish it had thicker cardstock.These are great cards. They print out very nicely give directional arrows to indicate which way the paper is fed and the snap out edges make them very easy to use.I frequently use Avery paper because of the consistently high quality, and these business card sheets did not disappoint. The print quality is excellent and smudge free, ran easily through my printer and are easily separated without the "cheap" looking perforated edges that are prevalent on some other brands of cards.These sheets are smooth and bright white and hassle free! I would recommend these to anyone who print their own cards at home, specially full color cards!These card blanks were just the ticket to quickly create inexpensive business cards on the fly.The paper is not the thickest you can see in cards, but it is quite adequate.  Lining everything up in the printer is also a snap.Avery Clean- Edge Business Cards are designed to produce professional- looking business cards directly from your home office printer. I wear several different hats throughout the week and I have separate business cards for my many different occupations. Some of my business cards are ordered online, but others, I design and print myself. Avery Clean- Edge Business cards have proven to be a good business card for this purpose.So, what are the advantages with Avery Clean Edge Business Cards? The quality I noticed first was the easy separation of the cards after printing. You bend the cards and they snap apart with ease. It is amazing how they hold themselves together so well during handling and printing, yet they snap apart so easily. I also like that the ink dries quickly and doesn't smear. And, of course, it is nice to have a product like this handy when you need business cards quickly and don't have the time to wait for an order to arrive in the mail.On the negative side, these business cards are quite thin. Other consumers have noticed and stated the same thing, and it is very true. They are more like a piece of heavyweight paper than a card, and this is something to consider if you contemplate making a purchase. Also, I have found that the printing works best if I feed one sheet at a time through my printer. If I place two or more sheets in the feeder and print, there is a good chance the print one the second, third, etc., sheets will gradually slide down. This doesn't happen if the sheets are fed individually and, in fact, this is exactly what Avery recommends. Some printers may work fine with multiple sheets fed at once, but to play it safe, feed only one at a time.Business cards are a necessity and Avery Clean- Edge Business Cards are a good product to have on hand when you want to make business cards or some other item. The cost per card works out to about eleven or twelve cents each, which isn't necessarily cheap, but the cards offer the convenience of in- home printing and thus the price isn't too bad. Add to that the clean breaking action and the lack of any smearing and you have a good business card for general use.Avery is now offering on-line templates where you do all your data entry and design through their web site at [...]. It's easy to get to, just enter the product number (28878) under the "Create by Product" section.There are a ton of designs to choose from all organized by topic, although I was looking for a design for a bike shop and there really wasn't a lot that trilled me under the sports section. It will be nice if Avery adds along more designs and perhaps a search engine to find by specific topic.I do however like the "Create by Product" interface. It is easy to use wizard/interface and you can add your own graphics and photos if you like. If you save the project, you save as a dot avery (.avery) file format or by printing it creates a PDF that you can save to your computer for easy re-prints (without changes).You can still download a blank template or pre-designs (23 designs) to use in MS-Word which is still my preference since the document will reside on my computer where I know it's safe and I can change or make updates anytime.I especially like the product because it really leaves a clean edge almost like a professionally printed business card. The paper quality is good (although I would like it if it was a bit thicker) and it tears apart really easily.Need new business cards fast? Don't want to pay for rush printing and shipping? Then these cards could just be what you need.I had no problems setting up the cards to print. Of course, as always, there are a couple of things you should keep in mind:1.) Do not tear the cards apart when you are done. "Snap" them apart by bending them toward you.2.) Place one sheet in your printer at a time.Yes, these tips are printed right there in the instructions. But looking through the 1 and 2 Star reviews on Amazon, I think a few people missed those helpful tidbits before they wasted paper and ink.Of course, I didn't need the whole 80 for my emergency card run. Now my son gets some nifty new Math Facts flash cards!Avery Clean Edge Business Cards - #28878These business card blanks are designed specifically for use with an ink jet printer. Each sheet contains ten standard size 2" x 3.5" cards - eight sheets to a package (80 cards total). The sheets can be printed on both sides if required. The paper stock is a nice, heavy weight and the individual cards feel appropriately thick with a good solid feel. Avery's Clean Edge feature allows the finished cards to literally "snap" apart by bending the sheets backward. The resulting cards have no perforations and the edges are totally clean - impossible to tell your own printed cards from ones that are professionally prepared.Avery has Word templates available for download or by going to [...] it is possible to design your cards with the help of their Avery Design site. I prefer to design my own cards with graphics apps, but having this service available as a no-cost option will be helpful to some.This is an excellent quality product - highly recommended.There really isn't anything very complicated about hand made business cards. I've never found a paper that gives the cards the same look as a professionally printed card, and this paper is no different. (I do give room for the possibility that the look of the cards is more the fault of my printer or my design ability.) The snap-break does give the cards a cleaner look than a perforated card would give, but in the end, they still look like something you printed at home from your computer. The cards look great and the instructions are simple, but if I'm looking for new business cards, I'm going to go one of two ways. Either I'm going to order them from a professional company or I'm going to make them at home with a cheaper paper. With so many online companies offering professional cards at such low prices, I wonder if there is any real market for products like this.These cards are fairly easy to use and nice quality (thick and smooth, nice bright white). You *will* have to work with templates in your software, which is always a little bit of a hassle, and sometimes you have to print out a few "test cards" to make sure that it all lines up and looks the way you like. If your printer is temperamental, like our printers are, you will also have to feed each sheet individually and wait for the printing process to complete. If you have an hour or so of spare time, and are fairly adept at using your word processing software, this product should be a breeze to work with.However, in this day and age, there are several online sites that offer free (or very close to it- under $10) professionally made cards, complete with glossy finish or embossing. After years and years or doing my own business cards with Avery products, I finally gave in and gave one of these sites a whirl and was very pleased with the quality of the cards and would NEVER go back to doing my own. Google "free business cards" for information.If you need to print small quantities of cards, or frequently need to change the information on your cards, doing it yourself is the way to go, and Avery products are the best you can get.These are the perfect lightweight cards for use in your average home printer.  The card stock is lightweight and will not jam or print lopsided because the card stock is too thick for underpowered home printers.  The perforated edge is clean, although you can still see the minute perforations if you look closely.  The cards separate easily from each other yet do not fall part in the printer during the printing process.  The finish is matte and both Laser printing and Ink Jet printing print well and look decent.I would recommend this product for casual home use and for quick printing. (Avery templates are easy to use and lined-up well with both my printers at home and at work). However if you need something that is professional looking, I would recommend buying another product made from thicker card stock.  The weight/thickness was not printed on the packaging and so it was impossible to tell how thick the card stock was on this product.Not recommended if you're going for a professional feel/look - card stock too lightweight.I make handcrafted pens from exotic woods and sell them at craft shows. I have a card made up for each kind of wood that I use and give it with the pen when I sell them. I only have 27 different flavors of woods and 10 different styles of pens, each with its own care card. Add to that my own card and that makes a lot of cards to be printing and cutting!I've been doing the cards the hard way and printing them on card stock and then cutting them out. With these its so much easier! The only thing about them is that sometimes they dont separate clean. Sometimes the cards don't come apart clean and it pulls up a little feather of paper on the edge ruining that card. That's why I only gave them four stars. Now if I can get them in different colors I'll never use card stock for them again!The best way to go with these business cards is to download the free Avery Design Pro software. Using this program, one can create a wide variety of business cards to satisfy virtually anyone.These cards do have a matte finish which is more conservative in appearance than the glossy or semi-glossy stock that is also available from Avery. They take color nicely and look very professional with their smooth edge.The cards break loose easily and dry quickly. It is usually wise to let them sit for a few minutes before stacking them.I am very pleased with the business cards that have been produced from this product and can recommend them to anyone wanting to exercise creativity in the design of their business cards.These make easy and fast business cards, however they seem to lack the true professional look of real ink on a gloss card.  A business card is important for impression of your business, therefore I would prefer the professional route that ink jet just can not give.They are easy to set up and use.  If you are sending trial balloons with your card these might do.I have tried printable business cards in the past, but you could always tell by looking closely or running a finger across the edge that they had perforations. This version is smooth and requires a _very_ close look to tell that they were once part of a sheet.Avery offers a design utility online with standard examples modifiable for personal needs (including alternate images), that will download a PDF file to your computer for printing (remember to set Scaling to None to get everything lined up properly, I wasted one sheet through that error). The result (considering your design) is a fairly professional business card on matte stock.Pros: great for limited run cards (less that the usual 100 minimum required by printers), multi-color without the extra cost, smooth edges, easy separation.Cons: unlike labels you need to print a whole sheet before using any (no one off runs of cards here), thinner stock than most business cards I have had professionally printed, the printing is not raised like on cards I have had professionally printed, not really less expensive than professional printers unless you really do not need 100.Bottom line, even with the above negatives, I still feel this product deserves 5 stars because it does exactly what it should do, provide a professional quality business card (your results may vary) that I will not hesitate to hand out to prospective employers (something I will be doing this coming Friday when looking for intern positions).P-)These business cards are heavy, bright white, and truly look unperforated when "clicked" apart. They should take ink very well, and you'll be able to make some decent-looking cards with them if you know what you are doing. Avery provides assistance with a number of templates, or you can design them yourself if you're good with graphic design and typography.I was a bit disappointed when my box of cards arrived for review, however, because one side had been crushed in shipping. The two-sided printing feature was what I was most interested in testing with these cards, because I often need to custom-print a few "mini-brochure" business cards in addition to my regular two-sided, four-color cards. There was no way those crumpled sheets were going to go through my printer without jamming, so I decided to use them to make business card holders for small table signs. (Search the Instructables site for "Simple business card iPhone / iPod stand.") They are stiff enough for that purpose, so I'll get good use from them. And I'll buy them in the future, too, when I need custom business cards because they are a quite handy product.I had to admit that when I ordered these I was skeptical because I am such a computer illiterate.  I figured that I would never be able to work this product or if I could, the cards would come out looking like crud.  But boy, was I pleasantly surprised!  Not only were the instructions clear and easy to follow, but they were so self-explanatory that I couldn't have messed up on them even if I wanted to!There are lots of interesting designs, backgrounds, boarders, holiday themes and  clip-art to chose from. Many of the popular professions are represented too.  I tried both the templates that come with the cards AND doing some using my own logo and art work.  Both were easy to work with and for a do-it-yourself project I was fairly impressed by the quality.  There are enough fonts to make your cards unique too. Being able to print on both sides of the card allowed me to add more information about my web-site than I normally could have.The printing was crisp for the type of printer I use (Epson scanner/printer - very inexpensive),there was no smudging of the ink.It will take some experimenting to get perfect results, but it's well worth your time and effort.No these of course these aren't the quality of expensive custom print cards that you have to order and pay an arm and a leg for...but for someone just starting out like me, they serve a very important purpose and they are well within my budget.  Plus I love the idea of changing my cards to suit the Holiday or my whims.  The ease in which they break apart is fabulous and when they say clean edge they really mean it.These work wonders when you need a short run of 10-50 cards before a meeting or trade show. They can pay for themselves if you get creative and use any overprints for raffles and free lunch drawings. The clean edges are a plus on these - some other inject printer cards look awful because of their perforated edges. I'd give them 5 stars if they were a little cheaper.These blank cards work hand-in-glove with design templates that you download for free from Avery's website.  Those templates are easy to use and intuitive.  They do not allow as many tweaks as high-end design programs, but then there is no steep learning curve either.  Perfectly sufficient to produce a small run of business cards in a pinch.The matte paper is much better than glossy for business cards.  I compared them by printing on both, and the matte paper helped hide small imperfections of imported graphics, while the glossy clearly exposed them.The sheets are very well produced, and after you break them into cards, the edges are surprisingly smooth.This is a good product that does the job as advertised!It's been a while since I had last attempted to print my own business cards, and the memories of those times did not make me overly optimistic about the viability of the whole do-it-yourself approach to business cards. These always looked jagged on the edges, printed on a poor quality paper with the print quality that screamed cheap home printer. However, Avery cards turned to be quite something else. The Clean Edge turned out to be just that - almost completely smooth edges on par with the professionally printed cards. The paper too is thick and of high quality.The business card templates that are downloadable from the Avery website, however, did not impress me all that much. Most of them are rather plane looking, and the selection is very meager. The templates that can be used online were not very intuitive in terms of how they need to be used, and I never got too far with them. The website also provides a downloadable card design program that supposedly works with MS Word. The program is rather large (134 MB), and comes with no instructions on how to use it. The program seems to have installed correctly on my computer, but I was unable to access any of its features from MS Word.Overall, these are remarkably well done blank printable business cards, and if used with a laser printer will provide almost professional-quality results. However, if you are more particular about how you want to design your business cards, you might want to try some other solution.These are wonderful.  They go thru clean and the edges tear well.  As long as you use them according to the directions, these look almost like you had them done professionally.  They can be used on laser, but are specifically designed for ink jet, which accepts ink differently.Avery wasn't kidding when they named these business cards Clean Edge.  They really break off with clean edges and it's so easy, too. The quality of the paper is superb and I printed with an ordinary inkjet printer and there were no smears or streaks. The sheet will tell you how to load in the paper and how to break off the cards.  They also include instructions on how to download free software from Avery and the website also has a lot of templates for business cards and other projects.  Avery is really awesome for business and creative needs!I used this Avery business card paper to make name cards for my side business. Since it is just a casual side business, I don't need the most elaborate business card in the world, but I do need to look professional. These worked out very well. Most computers and printers support Avery configurations, and once I had my file, it was very simple to print sharp looking business cards. The paper is lined with a crisp plastic that separates neatly and gives the card a nice weight and feel. The micro-small perforations don't leave an edge that would be mistaken for print-shop-cut cards, but the soft fuzzy edge is not obtrusive and appears smooth to all but the sharpest of eyes. If you are a graphics designer or something along those lines and need an elaborate color design or full edge-to-edge color print, these cards will probably not be suitable, as the torn edge always leave something to be desired when it has ink on it. But if you are just putting your name, title, contact information, and maybe a small logo or something like that within the normal print margins, these are more than adequate and definitely more professional looking than most business card stock out there. This is a good product that will fit most users' needs, which is why I give it four stars.I currently have 2 sets of business cards: one professional, and one for my hobby/ alternate business.  Because of the nature of my business, I am unlisted and only my office address and professional phone number are on my business cards. My art business: those cards I have some fun with, and am currently having them printed overseas (from an artist whose work I am using by license). Neither provides the information I want to give friends.  So, I used these cards to make up some "calling cards".  I was a way for me to play with these and see what I could do with them, and how the final product looked.  I put this off for quite a bit because I remembered that my templates, design software were on my old computer, and never moved over to the new one.  That said, I thought this would be a chore.When I opened the package there were instructions from Avery directing me to their web site; which provided the option of templates, wizards, or tools for free-form creation.  They have several backgrounds available, some clip art and templates suiting a range of purposes.  Both the wizard and template provide the option of copying each element (text, graphics, background...) to every card, or varying the designs.  You can also import your own graphics or pictures.  It provides a broad range of options and a lot of flexibility.  Because of all those options, I had a lot of fun.First I ran off a set of alternate business cards: text only (small logo graphic).  Then I ran a set with a photographic background...and then I did a sheet with all different kinds of pictures, graphics...just to play with it.The whole process was a lot of fun, and I wound up with some nice looking and useful cards.I found the Avery web site and template very intuitive as it uses graphic and image manipulation tools common to a variety of graphics programs.  Using the template involved a very short learning curve for me. (Having used a couple of graphics programs I did not need the wizard, which might be useful to some).  The site allowed me to save my work in a variety of formats, as well as send to my printer, or order online.  They also have downloadable templates compatible with a variety of programs.How did the final product look?  Most of the cards looked very nice.  the one which had issues were mostly related to my printer (or, more likely my ink cartridges, which are not quite up to snuff).  The only cards I printed which had results that I believe would be equally unsatisfactory on other printers (or this one with better ink) were those with full- card photographic backgrounds.  On those cards, the amount of ink used resulted in somewhat warped cards.  They may well even out as they dry (or, this can be handled by weighting them, pressing in a book or something similar).Am I going to use these to replace my business cards?On the simple ones, these might well do (though white cards with plain text do not cost much to print).  However, these would certainly do in a pinch, and are faster than reordering.For the cards with licensed art... I can only get those in one place, but for casual use, these are great!!!I had so much fun, I think I'm going to try a few more of their products; birthday cards, address labels.  I haven't done those things on my computer since I moved to a new machine leaving the pertinent software behind.  Now I know I can do it all online at Avery's site, and that it is free, or has the cost builty in to the compatible product.All in all, I would recommend these for a variety of uses.  They are quick, easy, and fun....and, I suspect if you are not happy with the results you get on your home printer, that bit can be taken care of by creating and ordering online.Who knew that making business cards could be so much fun?These are pretty good and much less expensive than going to a printing shop!I printed off a sheet... clear and clean... no smudging  (I feared) and they look great! Could hardly tell that I made these and hadn't ordered them.At first I was skeptical that a business card printed on an inkjet printer would look "professional" - but I was pleasantly surprised to find that, in fact, I can't tell the difference between a print-shop business card and the ones that I made at home.  The clean cut edge is very smooth.  To make things easy just feed the paper one at a time and put the printer on the thick-paper setting, and then fold the edges of the cards toward you when separating them.I've used cards like this in the past, which. .  .simply put. . . were "unprofessional".  They were "fuzzy" around the edges.  Not so with these!  As it shows in the description, you can use them for many things, and not just business cards.  The more you purchase, the better the price.I love to design business cards. They are my little 3.5" x 2" canvases. So when the opportunity came to put together a card for my wife's new business, I thought I'd give these ink jet blanks a try.Avery provides a large number of pre-fabricated cards on their website; just add your personal data. Although most of them look great on screen; I want to make my own card designs, something I'm perfectly able to do in Photoshop Elements in a few hours, so I just downloaded a blank template for Word. First problem, I don't own Word for my MacBook. OK, try opening it in Pages, which looks fine, although you have to click on the document to see the hidden table. Turns out the margins are 0.14" too thick on the left after the import.  Regardless, I pasted a PDF version of my card into each cell, and printed on my HP PhotoSmart C5280.The results are quite serviceable with a few caveats. It's probably best to use a white background color as this will eliminate any problems with dealing with edges. The ink jet is just not capable of creating solid saturated colors like a professional printing press. This is not the paper's fault it's a limitation of the technology. I've had many cards printed on line and professional printers will outdo what you will likely do on a $100 ink jet. Imagine that, you can't beat someone who's devoted their life to printing.  Regardless, depending on the design, and the state of your printer, the output is not bad. It will do in a pinch. Combined with the large collection of online pre-fab designs, this might be all the typical person might need.However, I am particular. I like my cards just so. I like clean, clean fonts. I like glossy finishes. So I am only using these blanks to test designs. I can make several variants per page, and have my wife choose one. I'm glad this time I did print out a draft, I caught a glaring error in the cards contact information. Imagine if I had just sent it off to the online printers.I am impressed by how much engineering went into making the cards cleanly snap out of their page. That is quite the feat: having a page that will hold together while threading twice through a printer, yet which will cleanly pop into individual cards.I am torn between giving this product 3 or 4 stars. On the one hand, it is a quality, thoughtful product with a large number of pre-fab cards. On the other hand, the template they provide is for Word (not my preferred word processor) and the technology they are forced to use--ink jet--is just not appropriate for making professional quality business cards. In the end, I rated it based on its usefulness to me.These cards are great!. Super clean and smooth edges,and really easy to separate. The cards look like they were printed by a professional print shop rather than at home. I use a HP Officejet, and they worked great with it. I recommend them without reservations!If you have a good printer, the sheets are great for making business cards and I was pleasantly surprised at how easy the cards pop out. Unfortunately, my printer does not detect the sheets as feed and tends to do funky things, so it is recommended to do a lot of tests and planning before printing.I also had an issue with Staples selling a defective product (the paper was rough and looked used) and Avery customer service was very responsive. They sent another pack over, which worked fine, and I bought a huge pack from Amazon because I loved it so much!The heavy, stiff paper used for these is very smooth and bright white for crisp, clear, text and high res. photos, and logos, and other graphic arts.  These are some of the best quality inkjet printable perforated business cards I have ever felt.  Usually they're much less stiff and crisp.  These are very nearly top professional business card quality.And the new feature of smooth edges is very nice also.  Most perforated business cards have obvious perf edges.  These have good edges.  Yay.This kit produces very nice looking cards. They are, as the name states, clean edged, so they don't look so obviously like you printed them at home.  They are basic smooth white cards - no special embossed textured look.  If clean white crisp cards are what you need - these will fit the bill nicely.  I can recommend these for home and SOHO use unreservedly.The Avery Clean Edge Business Cards are a good alternative to professionally printed business cards if you have a limited budget and need business cards immediately for a meeting or networking event. As long as you're using a good inkjet or laser printer and you take your time to design a good business card then the Avery Clean Edge cards work great.If you look closely you can tell these aren't the same quality as professionally printed cards, so if your schedule and budget allows you really should order cards from one of the dozens of online business card services, but when you're in a pinch these cards get the job done.My wife recently used these Avery Clean Edge cards at a business presentation where she had to unveil the staging/demo site for a new website. She printed the company logo and the staging site URL on these cards and gave them to everyone at the meeting so they could visit the staging site at their leisure and email follow-up questions to her after the presentation. I think that was the best use of these Avery cards thus far.Bottom line: the Avery Clean Edge Business Cards are fine if you're tight on cash and need business cards fast, but they don't quite match the quality of professionally printed business cards.Avery Two-Side Printable Clean Edge Business Cards for Inkjet Printers,... is a great value compared to box stores. Will re-order.I have used other business card forms for printing custom made business cards. The results were acceptable, but you could tell that the cards were part of a larger sheet from the rough edges.Avery has raised the bar for print it yourself business cards. They provide templates on their web site [...] and now offer these Clean Edge Business Card forms (28878). As the name implies, the cards snap apart cleanly after printing so you get more professional results.In today's job market you need an "edge" over the competition to "separate" you from the crowd. These cards can help.I wanted to make business cards at home, that looked and felt good, and that would allow a great color photo picture to be used on the card with my information.  I have usedAvery Linen-Textured Two-Side Clean Edge Business Cards for Inkjet Printers, Matte, White, Pack of 200 (08873)- and after working with templates and WORD to design my card, I've been really happy with the results.Then recently, I was given a pack ofAvery Clean Edge Business Cards, 2 inches x 3 1/2 inches, White, 80 Cards (28878).  These are like the ones that I have been using, but without the Linen-Texture.  These indicate that they are for Ink-Jets (but do work in Laser printers, or at least they work in the HP 1600 Color Laser printer that I have).  The instructions suggest that you remove all of the paper from your printer, and feed these in one at a time.  I've done it that way, and I've told my printer that I am printing a heavier card-stock type paper, and in all cases, I've been happy (no jams).The laser perforated edges on all four sides of the cards snap away cleanly.  You don't rip or cut or tear these cards apart, you print them, and snap them apart.  This worked much better than I would have imagined.  You can not see the that these were snapped apart - the final product looks great.If you need 500 cards, then making them at home might not be the most costly solution, but for a few dozen specialty cards, these work great.I was very impressed with the quality of these cards. They print well and easily, even on my old Canon S630 inkjet, break apart easily, leave very clean edges, and can be printed on both sides.I used a whole pack testing, and did not have a single problem, paper jam, or misprint. The paper holds the ink nicely, and is of a high quality. The edges of the cards are far more smooth than earlier Avery stock, and there are no rough spots or hanging bits of fiber after separating the cards.While there are those who advise against printing your own cards instead of having them professionally printed, I would say that the flexibility and functionality of using these cards far outweighs any negative. Anyone who judges a person based on whether they have professionally printed business cards or not will be easily misled anyway. Best to avoid doing business with someone like that.Although you can print on both sides, I didn't try that.I recommend these and will use them again myself.Avery Clean Edge Business Cards, 2 inches x 3 1/2 inches, White, 80 Cards (28878)The perfect Rockford Kit. That dates me, remember The Rockford Files? Jim Rockford would always have a different business card for every situation. Well with these and your ink jet printer, you're set.You get three ways to design your master piece. A website, a program and a Microsoft Word plugin. All are free and available for download at the indicated Avery webpage. I used the Word plugin. It added a menu choice to the toolbar ribbon in Word 2007.  From there a mini program pops up and lets you use a template or design from scratch with an advanced set of tools. When you're happy with your masterpiece, it pops it into Word all formatted and ready to print.  When I printed to my HP C7250 (C7280) all I did was choose the best print quality. Out came some beautiful cards. I followed the directions for snapping them apart and they sure did. They were clean and well centered. I had no issues with printing alignment. I followed the directions to only put one sheet on the tray and no other paper. It worked perfectly. Only a printer (person not machine) is going to tell these aren't professionally done. The edge is quite smooth and the ink is sharp and clean. No smearing either.Very highly recommended if you need just a few for a special occasion or event.  If you need hundreds you may want to go pro. A very good product.These are the best you will be able to get at home.  On the plus side, you have infinate customization, colors and graphics without any added cost.  On the downside you have to do it yourself and there is no embossed lettering.  If you need basic business cards, these will pass muster just fine. Nevertheless, remember that some of the best business cards are very basic with no graphics and a nice font.  If all you want is a basic one color text only card, you will probably do better at an office supply store.You need MS Word and an internet connection to download the template.The card stock is average - nothing American Psycho special.  The perforations don't really show unless you are looking for them very carefully .It seems that the people from Avery have gone out of their way to make it impossible for you to dislike this product.The product itself is not very new or noteworthy in its basic form.  These sorts of cards are very useful for a variety of reasons.  The most ingenious use I have seen of this sort of card was from a soccer mom, who gave them to all the other children on the team at the end of the season.  On the card, it had her daughter's name, their phone number, and a message that went a little like this: "Bonnie would love to play with you in the near future".  A flat magnet was glued to the back, for fridge use.This is just one possible use for these, and I feel that everyone has the need for these cards at some time or another:  I.C.E. card for wallet, business card, mini-invite, RSVP card, you name it...So why THIS card?  Here is the breakdown.First, the perf'ed edges have come a long way, baby.  I can remember that back in the day, you might feel sheepish about handing someone an obviously perf-torn edged card.  Now, these cards aren't going to have a sharp edge, like a professionally made card, they will have a soft edge.  But, I think the recipient is much more likely to critique your card design than the card construction.  Hats off to Avery for getting this down, its really quite good.Second, there are no less than FOUR count'm FOUR ways to print these cards.  You can do it through [...] without any download, for example, which is the most impressive.  Running lindows?  Red Hat?  Well, if the browser you are using isn't completely whack, there is a fair chance you are going to be able to print these cards.  And if you can't, well, its not Avery's fault.  But the vast majority of us who are running IE and Windows will be happy that they don't have to install/configure Word to get the job done.  Then you have the MS Word, option, which is ok but Word isn't free.  Then there is another Word option, and finally Avery DesignPro.  Which I didn't use, but I suspect its free, although it requires you to install software (PC/Mac).Third, these cards can be printed on both sides.  Hey, its only 2 x 3.5" of real estate so both sides count.  For me, its useful to have my business card printed in English on one side, and a foreign language on the other.  I doubt thats going to be true for many people, but its a tribute to the flexibility this allows.Overall, I love this because you can print as FEW cards as you need of each kind.  If you really needed 80+ card that were all the same, you might want to try some of the online vendors.  But, at the time of this writing, these cards are a measly .11 ea (before the cost of your ink) and at that rate, I think you simply can't go wrong.I must say this is very impressive.  I always wanted to have some personal calling cards that had the style and quality of business cards.  By downloading the template from Avery for free I was able within minutes to print great cards on my Canon MP610 inkjet printer.  The easy and power of the templates was great.  I was also worried that the separation of the cards would be either using a paper cutter or the cards would have perforation marks. Nope.  The cards literally pop right out of the sheet with perfectly straight edges.  This is exactly what I have been looking for.  I highly recommend these to anyone who wants an easy way to get low volume, high quality, very customizable cards, be it for personal use like myself or even for business.I love these!  So easy to use!  I am so happy with them.  When I run out I have every intention of getting more.  The instructions are clear, making this a quick set up.  Anytime I need to print some cards, I just open up the file & print the cards.  Simple as that.  They snap apart really well.  I have never had any tear.  There is no way I will buy business cards again!  I now have my own artwork, I love my cards & all it costs is the package of cards, some ink & a tiny amount of my time.Highly recommend!IMO Avery continues to dominate the do-it-yourself business advertising market.  The quality of the paper is superb - thick enough to not feel homemade, yet not as substantial as a professional business card.  It would be nice to see a heavier weight paper offered, with the understanding that some home printers malfunction when the paper weight is too high.The Clean Edge system is where this business card paper really impresses.  The edges on these cards are simply amazing.  The perforation is so tiny that the edge looks nearly smooth.  Other brands tend to leave a ridged edge that has feathery bits of paper jutting out.  Also, the fold-back method to separate these cards is terrific.  Never does a card edge rip and the process is very fast.Compared to any other brands that I've tried, these Avery Clean Edge Business Cards are my clear favorite.  I have printed 3 packs of cards and will continue to purchase more as needed.My only gripe is that Avery release printer templates for more software than Microsoft Word.  In print design, Microsoft Word is at the far bottom.  Avery should consider that software from Adobe, Corel, and others have been mainstream for many years and release templates accordingly.  It is possible to find Adobe and Corel compatible templates online, however Avery really ought to step up and release official templates on their website.It's not hard to find other do-it-yourself business card stock out there, but most are pretty lousy.  The Avery smooth edge cards are by far been the best I've used.  They are well engineered, easy to break apart, and most importantly have some excellent companion software.I'm starting a small business and these are the cheapest way for me to get a decent 3 color design output in small enough quantities for our needs.  I especially like the downloadable Windows software Avery makes available for free on their website.  Design it once, load in multiple names, phone numbers, emails, etc. and you're in business - literally.  Everybody gets their own card and the effort is minimal.Even in the fastest print mode, my printer outputs a quality level with these cards that exceeds budget business card printing services online.  The stock is bright white,  heavy, and absorbs ink well.  My clients are hard pressed to tell the difference between the Avery cards and something that came from a printing company.The cards literally "snap" apart, which is actually a fun activity.  It's amazing they hold together as well as they do considering the violence my high speed ink jet subjects them to during the printing process.  It is important to follow the directions and load each sheet individually without having additional paper in the feeder.  I do experience occasional paper feed issues with my Epson Workforce 600, but a little coaxing tends to get things back on track quickly.Make no mistake - this is a premium product.  I've tried a few store brand alternatives hoping to save some money, but I have yet to find anything cheaper that's better.  The Avery cards break apart clean, they look professional, and are perfect when a set of cards are needed in a hurry.  The amount of time I've wasted trying to get lesser quality cards produced easily makes the investment in the Avery cards worth it.  I highly recommend!Avery is right about one thing, the only way that you might find cleaner edges would be to go to a professional print shop.  Honestly, there is little difference between do-it-yourself cards using the Avery Clean Edge Business Cards and commercially printed ones.Why have 250 or 500 cards printed for you at a modest (yet spam-inducing) cost, when you can customize your own?  This would be perfect for job hunters!  You can produce a few at a time, customized to your search and your career targets.  And Avery provides plenty of design templates for you if you're a little uncertain as to how you want to get started.The downside?  Maybe it's my HP printer... or maybe it's Avery, but I had to throw away the bottom row or two of a sheet because the text and artwork tended to creep up with each successive row.  You can adjust that, but you might waste a few sheets in the process.  I expected a little more in that, but now that I know better, I can deal with it.I really liked this product for several reasons. These are great to print your normal business card on one side. Then if you are doing a limited time promotion, you can advertise the details of that on the back of the card (with an expiration date). Plus, I like that I can use them to help me try out different designs for my card and then when I get it the way I really want, I can have a large number printed professionally. It's not really cost effective to print several thousand cards using these.Very handy product!These are a nice improvement over the older style printable card stock. They separate very cleanly, by 'snapping' then inwards towards you.I printed on both sides using the templates from the site provided in the instructions. It was intuitive enough for the average user to setup the cards and print them easily.The colors were vivid, and did not smear when you rubbed your fingers over the cards, after leaving them sit for a few minutes to let them set.All in all a good value, and they look good enough to substitute for print shop printed cards.I had been looking for this type of Business Card for some time. That is a way to make my own Business Cards and not having to pay a lot of money to have them made. These are very easy to work with. Just follow the instructions given to you and you will not have a problem making very professional cards yourself. I used them and I was quite please of the results. Just go the the Avery website and use the templates that are available. I am glad I found these.Okay, this could be fun as a project, however, there are a few things that just make this a mediocore purchase at best. First, the edges are not as sharp as a cut card. Second, the cost per card is very high compared to what you can get online. The paper does take the ink relatively well, but there are so many variables, e.g. ink quality, etc., that may effect the outcome. These are things you don't have to worry about when you order from a company. This is probably best for someone who is just starting out and has very specific designs that cannot be met by any online company (I can't imagine who that would be for). You can easily find a place to give you five hundred cards for about the same price...with the front and back printed and possibly embossed. I guess if you need a some cards quickly this is for you. If you can wait a week or so, look online, there are some really great places that will make up some beautiful cards for you.These cards are are a great size. This was easy to set up in the printer. I used a raggedy ink jet printer and they came out great.This fits nicely in my card holder and I dont have to worry about the edges getting all messed up. overall a great productGood for making your own business cards for a pretty reasonable price. Whether your starting your own business or just want to show off to your friends it's a pretty decent product. The cards are a little thinner than normal but that's probably so that it fits and feeds through your printer properly. They are very easy to use and can be done by using no software. Avery has provided a website for uploading images or choosing from pre-made templates. Overall it's a nice product and you get a decent amount for the price.These are a fantastic value!  Quality paper, comes with detailed and easy-to-follow instructions, fair amount of design templates to choose from and easy access to customer service if you have any questions.  No complaints here at all, great product.I've been using Avery 8371 business cards for several years now, and my only complaint was that the edges were not completely smooth. The Avery 28878 "Smooth Edge" business cards solve that limitation and more.Compared to the regular 8371, the 28878 offers:- completely smooth edges for a more professional finished presentation (absolutely no micro-perforations)- higher quality finish on side #1So why can't I give them 5 stars? Several reasons:- despite the upgraded finish on side #1, side #2 actually bleeds more on my Canon inkjet in the highest qualityAvery's instructions say to always print in the highest quality, but in reality this is only for side #1 - use standard quality (less ink) when printing on side#2- compared to the regular 8371, the price difference is significant (nearly 3x more expensive at Amazon's discounted pricing)If you need a professional finish, however that price is worth it.For over 11 cents per card, you're probably still saving money vs a professional printer, but this should be considered.I got way more than I expected with these Avery Business Cards. I knew the Clean Edge cards printed well and more importantly, separated cleanly (I'm still amazed how clean and sharp the edges are for a preforated sheet). But what I had never used before was the Avery website that offers templates to quickly create NICE business cards. There is a printed instruction sheet that comes with the card stock the clearly explains the process. I hopped onto Avery's site, picked a nice template, filled in my info on one card and hit Print, and out of my Epson inkjet printer came a full sheet of VERY professional cards. Amazing. And, you can save the file and reopen it in the Avery website to make changes and reprint, and since the file resides on your PC, you don't need to remember a login name. Does it get any easier?? Oh, and after you print, you can save the sheet as a PDF and just reprint whenever you'd like. The card printing quality alone would make this a fantastic product... adding the online templates makes it a SIX star product. I'll be buying these again and again.Oh, did I mention that you can print on BOTH sides of these cards?? Fantastic...I'm always skeptical of "clean edges", but this product delivered.  The matte finish and clean edge gives a very professional look.  They "snap" out of the frame easily.  Almost too easily - you have to handle them carefully when loading the printer.  They take color well and really do look great.  You really can print on both sides without bleed through.  I used them for art exhibit tags and for my business cards.  I was very happy with the results.These are not exactly like one gets when business cards are printed professionally, but they are good to use for personal cards or if you are a start-up business. I admit due to my printer I wasted a couple of sheets which was not Avery's card's error. I would get these again for on hand use when I an waiting for a delayed re-order or just want a few fun business cards for special purposes. For the combined price and quality, I think this is a nice deal.If you have a small business, cards are a necessity for keeping your name in front of potential customers.  These are an affordable alternative to having cards printed.  If you've seen the various deals for free or inexpensive cards online, you may have discovered that they're not so inexpensive when you add shipping or try to hurry up the order.  I priced out a few deals and decided to try these Avery blanks.  At a third the price, what's to lose?It turns out that there's nothing to lose but a little bit of your time.  Avery provides resources--online and downloadable--that you can use to design cards and align them for printing.  If you have your own graphic resources, it's a piece of cake to put your own images on the cards.  Separation of individual cards from the sheet (10 on a sheet) is easy and the cut lines are quite clean.  There are no perforations and no indication the card is anything but professional.  I've seen some comments that the card stock is a little thin, but that's not my experience.  I recently worked for a large corporation, and my commercially-printed card was no thicker and no more professional in appearance.If you need cards in the hundreds, a real printer is still the solution.  But for smaller quantities, it's hard to go wrong with these.The edges are very clean and neat, which seems to be the main selling point for these cards.  You just fold all 4 edges of the sheet to remove the borders, then separate each card by folding them where they join.  The card stock is very good quality, if a little thin for some people's taste.I followed the instructions to go online and download a template.  The instructions did not match what I saw and it took some time to get the template.  The choice of designs was unimpressive and the template was not particularly user-friendly.  I soon gave up and resorted to using Word.You should also take note of prices.  These cards are relatively expensive.  Shop around a little and ask yourself if you are willing to pay a premium for good quality, clean-edged cards.[PeterReeve]I have used these cards many times and find that there is nothing competitive in the market.Pros:* The "clean edge" system for breaking up the printed cards into separate pieces is without equal. The cards break so perfectly that they look like they were cut apart instead of perforated.* These cards take ink really well and print nicely.* The paper is really white and the results really pop with great contrast.Cons:*NONESummary:Avery has some software for both PC and Mac called "Design Pro" which I find works really well with these. This is so much cheaper than "professional" card making that it really helps the self employed person on a budget. It's especially great that you don't have to order or make 500 cards at a time - you can just do what you need to do at the moment.I received this product via the Vines Program (samples are supplied at no cost for evaluation)as I needed a small number of business cards for a couple of temporary employees.  This product did a very nice job, was easy to use, and provided very professional looking cards.The link for the Avery website was easy to use and the templates that they supplied for their cards worked easily with MS Office and an HP OfficJet Printer.  The only problems that I encountered had nothing to do with either the cards or the templates, instead, it had to do with the limitations of InkJet Printers.  That limitation is the fact that ink from an inkjet is NOT waterproof!  Thus, if someone has wet fingers or places say a coffee cup that is damp upon a business card, the printing will run!!!  Just something to be aware of.  However, that is a small limitation when you only need a run of say 20 business cards for a temporary employee.  The solution is much more cost effective than paying for a run of 1000 cards that you will never use or just providing that employee with a generic card.I really liked these Avery print-your-own business cards: they REALLY do have Smooth edges!  I have bought similar product in the past, and they just end up looking a little too non-professional.  You barely notice the perforations here, making these ideal for quick, custom or temporary cards!They are not as thick or finished as professional printed business cards, but they will do in a pinch, and are thicker than similar do-it-yourself cards I have bought in the past: this is likely as thick as they can be and still easily run through at-home printers!  There were some great Avery designs for cards you can use to create your own, that I thought were reasonable looking: my biggest complaint was with the software on that end: if you are used to graphics software like Adobe Photoshop, then this software will be too restricting for you, like it was for me.But for a basic, quick personal card, job search business card or custom items for a small business like coupons, or a little advertising, they are great!  You can print both sides, and they are reasonably professional looking: I give them 2 thumbs up!!I was a bit skeptical at first as far as easily making professional-looking business cards, but wow ... after using the online card templates and printing out my first cards within minutes of starting, I am impressed.The variety of templates available on Avery's site was fairly large, with card styles to fit almost any need. I was quickly able to find one I liked, changed the text to fit my "job," (OK, I was making fun fake cards ... I admit it), and printed. The template worked perfectly, fitting the card image exactly as it should be on the card. The cards themselves easily snapped apart, and left absolutely no rough edges. They came out exactly as I would expect professional cards to look, with the exception of the "flatness" of the ink. This is not Avery's fault, of course -- an ink-jet printer cannot lay down thick ink as a professional card printing service can do. But the look itself is absolutely fabulous.If you don't need a huge quantity of cards and/or you want to try out some really neat designs, these are perfect. I highly recommend them.These Avery Business Card Sheets are great. Why pay big money at your local PrintShop for more cards than you need when you can just use these sheets in your PC andprint them as you need them? It's a no-brainer, really.There are some caveats...you need to have pretty good software, along with the ability to use it properly. I didn't use anything fancy, just a Broderbund Print Shop CD that is a few years old, but still very useful. (You can go to [...] and use their software, but I didn't feel the need to do so.) You should have a nice quality printer- I use an HP Photo Printer- and fresh ink cartrides. I find that cartridges that are nearly empty don't work that well. You should also accept the fact that your results will not be EXACTLY like offset-printed cards, but will still be very nice for most purposes.In a matter of minutes, I designed and printed some nice-looking color cards featuring a photo and type layout. I am an artist, and they looked good to me. The Avery stock is smooth and bright and should be quite versatile. What's not to like?These print great with either inkjet or laser. I prefer color laser. Just bend them over and they come apart very clean.There isn't too much to say about these cards except that they are great! The do tear neatly, print well and and simple to use. 5 star product.I remember the ragged edges of prior cards, none of that here. These belong in every office arsenal. When your title or any info changes, you can run a sheet of these off while waiting for the professional ones to arrive.This is a great product for someone who needs a low volume of cards or likes to switch things up often.  Or maybe you just don't have a firm idea on what you want and want a few testers.  Easy to separate, good quality.  Only as good as you printer though!The instructions for these business cards sends you to the Avery site online, where you create your cards.  There are both blank cards and ones with designs available, for all types of businesses.  I chose a blank one, so I could add my own picture, instead of using a design.  I did not find the software easy to use.  And I could not for the life of me figure out how to do the back side...unless, you do the front first, print, go back to the software and choose "back side", and then stick the paper back in the printer again.  Finally, I just gave up, and decided to use the Microsoft Digital Image 2006 I have on my desktop, which I've used for previous business cards.Before turning on the desktop, though, I decided to try to install Digital Image 2006 on my laptop.  I never thought about doing that before, since the laptop has Vista.  Well, it installed with no problems, and no configurations needed, very quickly.  And it's working beautifully.  With Digital Image, you can also choose cards that have designs, or are blank so you can add a picture.  I find Digital Image far easier to use than Avery's software.  And when you print, it gives you 20 choices of business card types with numbers.  It has the number for these Avery cards, so printing was also a breeze on my Canon i960. The cards are beautiful, though not glossy, and easily separate by folding.  I decided not to do a back side, since most people don't look at the back of business cards anyway.Avery has created a really nice Do It Yourself Business Card Sheet with these Clean Edge Business Cards. The size is great, 2 inches by 3 1/2 inches and they have a matte finish. The cards can be printed on BOTH sides, and each side of the sheet have arrows to show how to insert them into the printer, so you never make a mistake. I prefer glossy finished cards, but the colors come out looking nice and vivid on the matte finish, so this is just as good. Amazingly, after printing, when you punch out the cards, the edges are sleek and clean- no perforations, so you get a professional looking finished card. Avery includes their web site address where you log on to get full and easy directions to print your cards.These cards are great for many uses other than business cards, as their size and ability to print on 2 sides, give you an endless world of options. I've printed cards up with calendars on one side and clients tend to keep these in their wallets, keeping your company's name in view every time someone looks at a calendar date. The only thing I wish Avery would change is the thickness of the cards, as they are thinner than I would like. If they would make the cards thicker, they would look completely professional and this would make the product perfect!Clean, brisk and doesn't leave a stain!  This product is easy to use, worked on two different printers with excellent results.  Just what the doctor ordered!I have made up business cards with a number of different brand of blank cards and I have to say I like these the best.  Colors transfer and show better giving you a nice crisp clean look.  Standard size cards that are above standard quality especially for value.  Why pay someone else to make your business cards and possibly not come away completely happy when you can make your own just as nicely as professional companies.  I have been a long time user of Avery products and have come to expect a certain quality of product from them.  These don't disappoint!  Buy yourself some and have the fun experience of creating something of quality that you are most certainly going to be most happy with.Over the years, whenever I've needed to print some kind of personal or business project, I've gone to the local office supply store. I get two choices: Avery and the store knock-off brand. The store brands usually cost a couple of dollars less, but it's not by much... and I can't tell you how many paper jams, misaligned prints and ruined projects I've had to throw away because I didn't want to go ahead & get an Avery product. Some things you can get away with generics on-- for me, print projects are not one of them.This is a great product for the small business owner when you're in a pinch in between business card orders. There are 4 different ways to put your content into templates, so whether you're used to doing this in Microsoft Word, or you've never printed your own cards before & are using Avery's print online feature, it's virtually foolproof. When you're done printing, flip your sheet over and print some more information on that back part of the card that usually gets wasted. The printing is clean, bright & crisp-- what more could you ask for?Tearing them apart is a breeze when you're done printing. Just bend along the lines and the cards will snap apart with no rough edges. I've had "clean edge" cards made by other brands, and I end up with torn, rough edges and useless cards every single time-- that is if the printer didn't eat the brand X sheet to begin with. Whether you're in between card orders, you're having a special event, or you're just starting out and don't want to make a huge business card order right away, these cards are a great solution. Please, save yourself some money and frustration, and get the Avery brand when you print from home. Highly recommend.Avery is the name to go to in the printing world.  i looked at the on line printers and they all started off with an affordable price, but in the end, they were to expensive.  So, back to avery products i went.  This is a fantastic looking, stiff business card, for what i do... If i was needing to look like i worked for a Forbes 500 company, I would do the professional printing, but for what i use them for, it is great.I create my own business cards and have used Avery cards for years.  Of all the styles, the White Clean Edge are the best.If you're designing a card for the first time, you can use an installed program like Print Shop or simply go to [...] and create by product to get an assortment of templates (one and two-sided).  When you've finished your design, click "next" and you're ready to set up the printing procedure (Note: these cards are designed to be used in InkJet printers).For best results make sure you choose a card stock paper type and set the printing mode to "high".These cards do not "tear" as with other card stock.  Rather, separate each card by folding the edges inward.  The clean edge will "snap" and separate with ... a clean edge!Easy to use with fantastic results.  I attend arts and craft shows as a vendor and use these Avery Clean Edge business cards exclusively.  Highly recommended.These are great. We plan to actually use them for printing tags to attach to products for sale VS actual business cards. We can punch a hole in the end and tie with some ribbon to products. I am sure they would be just fine for business cards as well. Professional look!Avery always makes fine products, and this is no exception. I bought this to use for flash cards, but I've been making more direction and personal cards than that.These cards are going to be largely what you make of them -- Do a nice job designing the your card and you'll get a nice card.  They do not look quite as nice as professional business cards... But they are far cheaper.  Perfect for a small business or individual who only needs a few cards.I like the clean edge cards.  The only thing I don't like doing, and I've had to do this on other busincess card paper, was to trim the edges with a cutter.  Every time.  The calibration didn't work for me and I followed the instructions as written.If you don't mind having to trim them further, than what you need, either that, or don't use any color near the edges.  Because you may get a white strip that has to be cut.It is great to make address cards for those who need to share the address, phone, something like that.  I like it but my problem is that it did't print properly.  Maybe I put it in wrong way or something.  It just went off, not center or right in the cards, it is either lower or upper.The Avery Clean Edge Business Cards came out of my printer looking very nice. I have an older printer which is an Epson Stylus CX4200. The cards came out nicely centered on the card stock and the printing and picture is crisp and clean. I was sure to change the settings of my printer to let it know that it was thicker card stock and told it to use the best print setting. The ink dried very quickly so there was no worry about smearing the cards. The top and bottom of the card edges seem to come out cleaner than the side edges of the cards. The side edges still feel a little rough. While these are not as thick as a professional business card, they are decent and good to use for somebody that may just be starting up or need cards in a hurry. The price is good for what you get so that is also a plus for someone who may have a small budget to start out with. The web site was super easy to use to design the business cards. There were a lot of premade cards to choose from and all you have to do is put your personal information on the cards. There is also templates so you can design your own cards from scratch. I used a premade template to do my cards and I had them all done with in 5 minutes. Overall, a good product for the price that you pay. If your looking for professional business cards though, these probably aren't for you as the card stock is thinner than professional cards.Great quality for the low price. Very sturdy and it doesn't hide in the binder it serves the purpose very well.These work great for indexing your notes in three-ring binders.  The brown strip on the left-hand side keeps the holes from tearing, and I've found that Avery products will last for years.The Avery WorkSaver Big Tab Insertable Dividers are great for organizing paperwork in binders. The big tabs allow for more text and/or bigger text than some other styles. The tab is .5" wide.The gold strip prevents the holes from tearing and the paper stock is of decent weight. I have used these for many years and they last a long time.Highly recommended.PROS:- Big tabs... makes it easier to see the text.- Gold strip reinforces the holes- Reasonably pricedCONS:- noneThe tabs are big and nice for handwritten labels.  The design of the tabs makes it easy to insert the labels.  My only complaint is with printing labels - it took a lot of effort to get the downloaded program to accurately print the tabs.They work as they should.  the divided my papers just fine.  It is also durable.  Super, great, thank you muchThese tabs are both functional (useful) and neat (attractive).  They help you keep your thoughts, papers, files, etc. organized in a neat and convenient way.  They do their job, and they look really good.  They look good in a binder, and the colors are nice.  They are also strong and sturdy.  There are 6 sets of 5 tabs.Highly recommended if you organize or have a use for them.Good for home, office, school, projects, etc.I love the crisp, clean look of my organized binder.  I used the Avery template with success but had a bit of difficulty navigating it.  You will have an attractive, neat result with this product.  The colors may not be suitable for all applications but they work very well for me with the organization of my graduate studies as well as the organization of the resources in my classroom.  In both instances the vivid colors are beneficial. My only concern would be in making the site more user friendly.In the Navy, I had a Leading Chief Petty Officer who became known as "Chief Binder" for his obsessive organization of our paperwork. It actually made our operations easier than the old method of stuffing everything in folders, since we now had a bunch of quick reference hardback manuals staged right at our stations. I sort of picked up on that, but decided to improve over Chief's choice of generic goverment page dividers.I've been using this brand of Avery tab dividers for about ten years now. The oldest ones are still intact--no ripped holes or detaching tabs. I usually don't print directly to the table of contents, but instead scan it into my computer and then add text boxes in a program such as MS Paint, Publisher, Adobe Photoshop, or InDesign. So I can't tell you if the ink fades from the TOC or not. The paper hasn't yellowed and on the whole they've held up through various moves and misadventures with my cats.On the downside, the paper tends to stain pretty badly when wet--say, you leave your office window open for some fresh air, and somebody turns a sprinkler on outside and ends up watering your paper supply shelf more than the lawn. The sheets will also stick together when wet, and while they stay intact, look pretty warped and ugly.This pack appears to be just like the ones I've been buying for years. I appreciate the large, easy to handle tabs, the study stock paper, and the fact that they follow a modest range of colors rather than trying to be a glossy rainbow. The dividers are attractive and yet business-like. The price is also good for the volume.I used a 5-divider pack as part of my technical writing internship portfolios, which earned me high marks overall. I also use the 5-tab for manuscripts, since I tend to go at least three drafts, plus various notes and artwork. When combined with Staples-brand super binders, I can color-code and be assued that the whole package will last on my shelf for at least a decade without falling apart or looking dowdy.I like these dividers because they are more sturdy and easy to use as well as there is a great page to note what is behind each tab.  I will use them in my business for years to come.  I highly recommend this product.These tab dividers are neat and very professional looking. I used them for paper-filing of tax returns this year. Nice to be able to organize different tax forms and associated documents (copies of receipts etc) using these tab dividers. The different colored sets also make it easy to categorize. The tabs are made of paper material so you can write on them. The only thing I would have liked is label stickers on a separate sheet on which you can possibly print and paste to the tabs - just like address labels.Overall, neat set of tabs.I feel that I really got my bang for my buck with this purchase.  I like to buy all my school supplies "during the season" for great deals like this.  Where else can you buy Avery Ready Index Dividers for a buck a piece?  I love these dividers because they are colorful, functional, and pre-labeled.  It really helps for organizing by loose-leaf binder books by chapter.  What a time saver!The problem with most of these products is that they don't hold up. Tabs rip , pages rip , etc.....Sure most of that is on the handler , but I expect a durable product.I inserted these tabs into a notebook that I use EVERY day. It has been several months now , and they are still in the same shape as the day I first assembled the notebook.A true testament to this product's durability. I was not disappointed , and I feel confident you won't either.The Avery Ready Index allows a presenter to create their own index for their notes.  The sheets are numbered 1-5 and each sheet has a space to list the items within the division.  This is a good product.  The cons are that I wonder how many presenters use notebooks any more.  As a teacher, I do, but I am moving away from the need for notebooks the more I use PowerPoint.  I was also disappointed that the tabs are prenumbered 1-5.  There are several sets in a package but I would've preferred the ability to number or letter as I saw fit.  The product itself is the great quality you expect from Avery.This is a pretty simple and standard office product. These work as well as any I've tried. Nice for those who like to make and keep really organized paper records, but aren't paper records supposed to be going away :)?I know, I know - you're thinking "so what, they're just binder tabs."  But when you put together materials in a 3-hole binder, the difference between professional and sloppy, or useful and confusing, is often just that - good dividers and a good index page.These dividers are really nice.  As you can see from the product description and photos, you get 6 sets of 5 divider tabs numbered 1-5 within each set, plus a laser-printer-ready index page.  The index page is color coded to the tabs, and both are in a modern, florescent color that will leave your materials looking jazzy.  The tabs are slick plastic affixed to bond paper, and the whole package is very well put together.  (If you need more tabs than 5 per binder, Avery makes sets ranging from8 tabsper set to32 tabsper set, plus sets with tabs for the 12 months orA-Z)).Given my choice, I might slightly prefer more sedate colors for some of my materials, but these "contemporary" fluorescents are eye catching and appealing.  I strongly recommend these if a five tab set meets your needs.You get six sets of these in one package. The inserts are numbered 1-5 and have a cover page so you can write in detail exactly what is in that section. I didn't think of it before I ordered them but when I saw them I knew exactly how I was going to use them...for dividing the family tree notebook I am working on. Each generation can have it's own number. I put them in a big 3 ring binder notebook and it works great.  They are also good for research projects. At the moment I'm doing research on my hometown and they are coming in really handy for that...more so than the lettered ones would be since then nearly everything would be under one letter.I got these to help us organize our monthly bills and statements, they work great! I put them in hanging folders to keep me even more organized... it is great to be able to access a bill for a particular month without sorting through the whole stack.I run my own home business and have a ton of paperwork in binders.  This product is very helpful in making indexes and keeping my binders organized, and allow me to find what I need in a pinch.For many years, the only binder dividers I used was the Avery WorkSaver Big Tab Insertable Dividers. I stumbled across these Avery Ready Index Table of Contents (TOC) divider #11187 and wanted to see how they compare.The main difference is that the text for the TOC dividers is written on a single table of contents page instead of on each tab. With the TOC dividers, the numbers 1 to 5 are pre-printed on the tabs.Here is theAvery WorkSaver Big Tab Insertable Dividers, 5-Tabs, 1 Set (11109)that I usually purchase. After comparing the two, I prefer the insertable tabs, but both have their advantages as follows.The Index TOC #11187 has slightly heavier paper. Also, the package of 6 sets of 5 dividers is very economical.But what I prefer with the insertable tabs #11109 is that you don't need to refer to the TOC index page since text is on each tab. Also, gold strips reinforce both sides of the divider page, whereas the TOC divider #11187 has a clear reinforcement strip on only one side of the page.In summary, although I prefer the insertable dividers, the TOC dividers are an economical alternative.PROS OF THE TOC Divider #11187:- Economical- Slightly thicker paperCONS OF THE TOC Divider #11187:- Requires an extra step to refer to the TOC Index page to determine the contents of each divider- Single-sided reinforcement strip is not as durable as the gold stip of the insertable divider #11109Simply put, Avery Ready Index Contemporary Table of Contents Dividers are the gold standard for reports and presentation binders.  The finish, the materials and the reliability of this product have never let me down.  I used these when I worked for a trade association when I did presentations for a committees and boards of directors.  When I ran my own consulting company I used them.  Now that I'm back to working for a company, I still use this product, and the result are consistently superior.The product allows to to take a report or presentation, add section tabs and a table of contents.  The section tab pages are reinforced and hold up even after years of use. The colors are bright and catchy.  The table of contents feeds through laser printers without jams and come out looking great.If I could suggest anything to Avery, it would be to introduce this product with versions for comb binding and spiral binders.But aside from that - these are office supply all-stars!Attractive dividers, sturdy, well spaced, easy to write on and erase, good colors, professional looking.  I strongly recommend this product and this company.Five stars.One of the big selling points for the recent line of Avery office supplies is that you can go online and use their templates to help you print out folders, dividers, whatever type of their product you have.  However, when I tried to download the template for these it failed multiple times on my Apple computer even though I have a fairly new one on which all other software works.  That's deeply disappointing because it means I'll have to write on this dividers by hand.I can read my handwriting, usually, but I wouldn't want to share these with others.  Thus for dividers are going to only be good for projects I want to organize for myself alone.  For that there are nice though they only provide up to five divisions per three-ring binder and sometimes I have more than five categories I'd like to separate my projects into.Avery Ready Index Table of Contents Dividers are an easy way to add an extra level of sophistication to a report or presentation. The inkjet or LASER printer compatible table of contents page has colored segments with corresponding tabbed sheets for each section. The tabs are plastic coated so they do not get folded over and seem durable.  The colors really stand out and make finding the individual sections easy.  The only thing I would want is the ability to add my own words to the tabs, rather than just having numbers.As someone who reads a lot of reports and presentations, I recommend Avery Ready Index Table of Contents Dividers for students and those in a professional environment. These make your work easier to read and make your work more presentable.They are dividers, so you can only say so much about them but they worked well for my purposes and i liked the colors.One of my daughter's teachers hit her with an EXTRA supply list on the first day of school.  rah rah. These fit the bill and help avoid any unnecessary meltdowns on the part of myself or my daughter. which is always a good thing.  Good price and came quickly.I expected better from Avery.  They are okay - but pages do not slide in easily - it seems like it will work better for smaller pages...I homeschool two children and trust me...papers abound when you homeschool.  I bought these tabs to separate subjects, children and assignments I prepare for class.I use this particular set (with the slash pocket) to hold assignments and fact sheets I prepare for class.They're sturdy; they keep everything organized and they allow me to keep my sanity amidst kids and paper.I definitely recommend them to others.  The tabs themselves have been set up so that you can print them on your computer/printer or handwrite them and NO LONGER are they the up/down fold that was very UNhandy to write...they now fold from the side and also tell the template to use on your computer.  GREAT IMPROVEMENT!I like that they are sturdy pocket dividers. I bought two packs and created a household notebook to organize my bills and important papers.Avery makes great quality office/home products.  These are no exception.  Good 'thickness' which means durability for years to come in my scrapbooks that I am working on. Buy them!At first, I really did love these dividers. The pockets are very convenient for papers handed out in class that do not have holes already punched in or are partial pieces of paper. I sometimes carry a single hole punch with me, but at home I have a 3-hole puncher, so I prefer to do a stack of papers when I get home (e.g., the first day of class when each teacher/professor/instructor hands out their syllabus). The colors are very vibrant and the tabs stick out farther than other papers in my notebook so it is easy to find the section I need.Unfortunately, after only one semester, I've noticed one of the dividers has a rip along the slant of the pocket. A few of the tabs are also looking extremely beat up. My notebook is in and out of my backpack a few times a day, less this semester than the last one, and I'm sure this is what has caused the slight damage. But that is typical use for many notebooks and so should have been considered when creating the product. I still like the dividers, however I am disappointed in their durability.These Avery Big Tab Two Pocket Insert-able Plastic Dividers are useful for so many purposes! For me, I recently began using them in a Household Folder. In that folder I have 5 categories: Appliance Info, Auto Info, Budget Info, Projects, and Misc.What is so handy about these dividers with pockets is this: I use the pockets for small items such as small receipts, small note info on a product, or anything smaller than an 8 by 11 sheet of paper.Also these dividers are very well constructed and will hold up I believe for a very long time.If you need something that will help you become more organized, then I believe that this item will benefit you greatly!Highly recommend this.These are a great tool for organizationally challenged students who tend to lose or misplace loose papers, but the truth is I use them too. They are sturdy, they can hold a surprising amount paper, and they add a splash of color to otherwise boring binders.The pockets on these come in handy in so many situations!! I go to college and in a rush, sometimes you do not have time to put your work in the binder correctly. These inserts allow you to safely keep your work in your binder so you can properly put it into its proper place later. It is also great for papers teachers give you that do not have a three-hole punch already in them!!Love the colors!! They stand out and really help in organizing your binder!They serve their purpose very well by providing tabs and pockets as described. I just wanted sturdy plastic dividers, and even though they are very flexible plastic, they will suffice. I would imagine that if this was for school, it would come in very handy with the pockets on either side. They come with tab inserts which you can print on.This works well if you are looking for a BIG two pocket insertable dividers. I bought the wrong ones, but cant knock the product for my mistake. These look quality and will use them for something else.is item just so food, i don't know more to say, if you need paper divider, this is the one you should own.As good as other Avery stationaries, these tabs are of good quality, lasts long time. The price here on Amazon is the cheapest I found so far, for 8-tab set.I file my medical and financial records in binders - these dividers are perfect to store various odds and ends which otherwise fall out when you put them in the pocket in the binder - couldn't figure out how to print the tab inserts so just wrote them out and they're fineI just purchased a couple more packs of these yet again for my summer classes, and I have to say, the quality is exactly as it's always been - phenomenal.  I'm currently a college senior, and these pocket dividers are my top must-have item for every class I take, right behind my livescribe notebooks.  They make organization incredibly easy and simple, I'm never scrambling to find my syllabus or my labs or any other charts or diagrams I need.  It's always just right at my fingertips.  Whether you're in high school or college or beyond, you will not be sorry purchasing these!  I wish I had been able to find them in high school, they are INFINITELY better than the standard paper dividers with the color tabs.  I love Avery products, they definitely represent a brand of quality when it comes to office supplies, but hands down these are one of my favorite.  Thanks Amazon for supplying a great product!  I will be back again for the fall semester!We have a small trade school and use these for our students. Last year they worked out great so I'm ordering several more for use in 2012.I make up student notebooks, and insert handouts in the pockets of these dividers. The plastic holds up well and withstands lots of abuse. The colors are great and help to organize the information into categories for quick retrieval. I don't always stick with the exact same products from year to year, I tend to switch around a lot in my never ending attempt at perfection. In this case, I really don't think I'll find anything I like better, so it makes my job a lot easier to know I can stick with these dividers. Couldn't be happier!Their plastic dividers, they can tear and arent super durable but they hold a good number of pages and work, completely viableI homeschool 2 children - lots of lessons, lots of work papers, lots of filing.  These plastic dividers are great for organizing things.  The lesson plans and any worksheets I've created get kept in the pocket until they're in use.  Once used, the teacher aids and lessons are filed behind the tab, which are followed by two tabs (one per student) where I keep their completed worksheets.  When school officials want to check home school records, everything is in one place...lesson plans, worksheets by student.The tabs and the pockets are sturdy and hold up to daily use.  I've ordered more for School Year 2014 already.These are very thick plastic pocket dividers, and they come in several bright opaque colors.Features: Insert-able label tabs; diagonal pockets on each side; three holes to fit bindersI had been looking for a folder with multiple pockets to carry the various papers I need for work, and I found these and put several of them in a binder with Velcro pocket and TA-DA, I have a wonderfully organized, clearly labeled, and easy to use work kit. My favorite part about them is how incredibly durable they are. I'm confident I'll be able to lug my binder around in the field and the pockets will probably last longer than the binder itself.These tabs are great. Not cheap quality. Goes great in binders to keep papers organized. Very good for office use.I really liked these dividers because the ones that are made of reinforced paper always seem to rip over time.  I like the pockets even though I don't use them that often but they are a nice bonus.I've found these to be a huge step up from the paper dividers I always had to use years ago in grade school. These work better than paper dividers because they never tear at the holes or elsewhere. Therefore, I think it's worth spending a little more money on them, though they're reasonably-priced. I wish that the labels were a little easier to read through the plastic- the plastic is nice but is a bit dark over a white label like that. They can be used and re-used for many, many years due to the durability. I use these dividers in three different types of work-1) For college: I like to use the front pocket for work due; the back pocket, for work completed. That way, when it's time to turn the finished assignment in, I always know exactly where it is within my binder. Each divider can of course hold one subject, but they're also great to sub-divide even within just one pocket. In college, I can sometimes need four or five dividers just to break up the various types of different course materials: blank graph paper, blank lined paper, completed notes and workbook pages are four examples.2) For my own personal cookbook/recipe collection: I typed up old recipes that were written on index cards, were torn out of magazine articles or that were written on scrap paper through the years. I bought I nice, zippered binder, then three-hole-punched all of my personal recipes. I separated the recipes by category (drinks, vegetable dishes, pork, chicken, breakfast dishes, etc.) in alphabetical order for both the categories and the recipes themselves. Then I just simply filed each recipe accordingly behind each divider page. Anytime I find a new "winner" of a recipe which isn't in a formal cookbook of it's own, I put the page in the front of the divider based on it's category. When I have time, I simply type the recipe and follow the steps needed to complete adding it to the binder. No more searching through a zillion old, yellowing, easily-torn recipes to find my chicken Divan sauce recipe anymore!3) For an Office in a Bag (as taught to me by FlyLady Maria Cilley): Everyone's categories vary, but mine are Bill-Paying (bills-to-be-paid in front pocket, already-paid bill receipts in back pocket of the divider), Blank [lined] Paper (good for writing out to-do lists, grocery lists, etc.), Emergencies (where I keep directions to the hospital, the telephone number of the State Police, etc.), Friends & Family (in this I keep gift ideas, a list of when birthdays are, directions to their homes for when I go visit them, etc.) and finally a divider for Household Routines (a print-out of my daily & weekly chores, a how-to-do-laundry chart in case I'm sick or traveling & someone else is taking care of my chores for me). Stick a couple of pens and a few other office supplies in a zippered pencil case and your Office in a Bag should be good to go.Bang for the buck and I got a &#34;ton&#34; of these for such a low price. These are actually used at offices and grocery stores so I figured what could go wrong?Thought it would be a little bigger or thicker did not see the dimension on the description. This does do the job as they are sharp and we use these to open boxes.For everyone else looking for the dimension they are as follows:Each cutter measures 4 inches x 7/8 inches x less than 1/8 inch thick weighs 0.9 ozA little longer than a stick of gum. Juicy Fruit is my fav.In the grocery business for over thirty years and have seen the quality of box cutters decline along with the blades that go with it.  This product isn't that kind.  Heavy duty and will last for years.  Make sure you order the right blades for this product and you will be very happy.  Heavy duty this product is!  Also a very lite coat of WD-40 will make it slide in and out a lot easier as you break them in.This things are great!  I did only get three colors but I wouldn't care if they were all pink. I work in retail and my pockets are always stuffed with keys, pens, and all kinds of junk. This tiny carton cutters are perfect for opening boxes and stocking shelves. Its easy to slip one in your pocket without adding much more bulk, but I would definitely keep it seperate from your cell phone. I always look for these at the big home stores because they are easy to lose and the blades wear out over time. Either way a good item at a fair price.Good quality, great value and fast shipping.I usually lose these fast, however with the bright colors they stick out.They are not made cheap.They were the best price when I was looking, even lower priced than the cheap blades.These are tiny box cutters, about the size of a stick of gum. There is a stop guard on the non-sharp end to prevent the metal piece that has a tiny blade at the top from falling out, and it has a retractable blade. This is a small enough blade that it is not going to cut through really difficult, thick packing material. But for regular boxes, such as those coming from an Amazon delivery, it works fine.With 12 of them included in a small box, there are enough of them to carry one in my purse, in my car, and keep one in a drawer in every room in the house. Which is probably what I'll do, because I have a terrible habit of misplacing box cutters we've owned in the past. Even after doing all that, there will be enough left over to pass on to friends and family.It comes in three nice colors, red, white and blue. I've included photos so you can see what they look like.Cuts boxes and tape.  Cheap, love them. You can put them all over the house in various rooms so you never need to look for one.I'm really glad I found a place to buy these cutters, as it's geting harder and harder to find these box knives.I put this on my cat and stick em up on the wall after I hose him off once a week.  He gets dirty living under the porch and needs a good scrubbing now and then.  Once he gets dry I leave the velcro on him for the next time.  Works great.I've used this for attaching various things to desks and shelves. LED lights, remote controls, lcd displays, etc. So far I haven't had any issues with it coming undone either from the velcro or the adhesive backing. I'm probably not putting more then 5lbs on it at a time, but it's definitely something that comes in handy frequently.Tape - its tape, Velcro tape to stick things on walls and doors and yadda yadda yadda...thats it done -This is a light weight velcro with adhesive that seems strong enough.  More white than transparent. Good to hold paper and other light materials together.hmm...Velcro....comes in a roll...cut to size needed...sticks great...stays on well...comes in a few colors. I got clear, but the fuzzy part was white, so it really defeats the purpose right?Arrived in ripped up package so I couldn't use the dispenser, but that's no big deal. The Velcro cuts very easily and it's simple to unroll the amount you need, cut, then stick.The adhesive is very strong, it will tear off your paint if the item is a bit too heavy....or even not very heavy. The grip can be so strong that it will pull off the paint before it gives up the grip. Best to hold down the edge before you remove the item. Makes it a bit difficult to use the remove/replace feature of the velcro.So far the tiny remote hasn't fallen off the side of the window a/c unit, keeps it from getting misplaced. Can also be used to hang up small items on the inside of utility /cleaning closets so they don't get lost.I stuck some of the fuzzy side to the outside edge of our vacuum as a bumper so it doesn't scrape up the furniture, that worked very well. I'm sure other uses will come along later on.I love this sticky back velcro.  It's even better than double-sided tape since I can pull off the item easily.  So far, I have used it to mount a message board and also a small waste basket.  The adhesive and velcro is very strong.I've used sticky back Velcro a number times over the years for projects and usually gunk up my scissors. This cut really well without the added gunk.My prior boss opened a REC Center for kids with special needs. I purchased this velcro with high hopes.  I was so excited to utilize the clear velcro for communication books.  Unfortunately, the velcro barely stuck to surfaces and the hard and soft velcro barely stuck to each other.  I was embarrassed by this purchase.Great deal !! Can use as much or as little for the project.This roll of sticky backed Velcro is the handiest stuff when you need to stick something up, down, or sideways. I have a large computer system, and a 7 port USB hub that I could not keep in one spot. It kept sliding around and falling off the back of my desk. So, I bought this Velcro, and stuck the hub to my desk top. Now it don't go nowhere. But, it has so many more uses as well. Anything that needs to be stuck in place, but still be removeable is a candidate for Velcro. Great product.I have found many uses for this product. Should have bought it years ago. When you need something attached, use velcro.This roll of velcro is the only way to go.  It comes in a 15 foot length and has very strong adhesive.  I am very pleased with this product.  I am now on my second box.  When I get this I always fold the two sides over on itself...then just cut the length I need and both pieces are always the same size.This stuff saves a tremendous amout of trouble when it comes to hanging little bits of equipment (like flash triggers) onto other equipment (like strobes/speedlights). I also made my own "speedstrap" (gel holder) simply by taking 1 1/2' of the tape and sticking the loop half of the tape onto the back of the hooks half (resulting in a strip with hooks on one side and loops on the other). If you need lots of these then you might try velcro cable ties, but I'm not sure how suitable they'd be for holding gels onto the front of a flash or other applications that don't involve cable management. Anyway, the sticky velcro can be used to make cable ties as well as faten other objects together.Serious photographers with lighting equipment will probably want to get 15' of this stuff. It'll probably get used up faster than you think.The only things I wouldn't use these for are certain applications that need a very tight hold. For applications where you need something to practually be glued down to something else, but still need to be able to remove it *sometimes*,Velcro Industrial Strengthis much much better. I've used the industrial strength stuff to install some gadgets in my car and the things might as well be glued down, except for the fact that I can remove them (which takes some real force) for maintenance etc and put them back with the same glue-like level of hold.I mean, if you love velcro, then you've already added this to your cart and quickly scanned down to see if anyone said something awful like "there were worms in my package!"Well, there were no worms in mine....just glorious sticky-back hook and loop fastener tape.I had to resist using it all at once and just cut myself a little bit at first, to hang a router on a wall.Wow, that worked a treat.Seriously, velcro is so awesome.I've found all kinds of uses for this: It's strong enough to hold up a3'x2' corkboard, apaper towel holder, surround-sound speakers, not to mention art and other light wall-hangings. Sure, most of those things could be more easily attached by drilling holes in the walls, but I live in an apartment with a please-don't-put-holes-in-the-wall clause in my lease. I'm sure I'm not the only one.With this super-sticky stuff, I can easily attach (and detach) those items without causing any damage to the walls. No other two-sided tape I've seen (even the3M Command strips, which are great for posters) is this powerful. That mounted items can be so easily adjusted and removed on-the-fly is a huge plus. This is an extremely versatile, useful and inexpensive product.[Update: At the time I posted this review, I hadn't yet removed any of the adhesive strips from the walls. When I did, the adhesive pulled much of the paint off. So be warned that this is very strong adhesive; it's not wall-friendly like the 3M Command products. You'll have to repaint your walls after using these strips on them.]I love these boxes.  You have an easy lift off lid, fits securely, and the width of the box is not to wide, making it easier to push against a wall and not take up too much space.The boxes have grab-hold slots on the side, as always needed.  Plus, there is an extra sheet of cardboard to have the bottom more secure and durable.  On the inside is a demo if you can't figure how to unfold or fold them.I pack items in this, ceramics, boxes, tins, which I store.  I like that these are perfectly stackable boxes.Excellent boxes, durable, light, and yet compact and easy to work with. RizzoThese boxes were designed to store file folder and documents, but after opening them and putting them together, I have to say, I plan to use them for a whole lot more.  In terms of setup, the bottom literally unfolds in seconds.  It literally just pops open and is ready to store items.  The lid takes a whole 30 seconds additional to fold together and the combination makes an all purpose and rather sturdy box.  The bottom has a second layer of cardboard to reinforce the box and it fits manila folders perfectly.  Regardless of that, it is still a box and because the dimensions are perfectly sized for lifting, I actually plan to use these as moving boxes.  The size is right so that you can't overfill and it fits in your arms well that it will keep me in check while packing up items in my home.  Moving boxes are generally very large and we have a tendency to overjam them.  These will keep me right in line and have handle spaces for easy lifting.It's a great all purpose box as far as I'm concerned.These boxes fold very easy to fold, are durable, sturdy, and really secure. I am using them for storage of files as well as books and DVDs. I like that the top lid is quite thick so stacking is easy (although all boxes are stackable, if the lid is thin, I wouldn't attempt putting the box with books on top of the box with DVDs, for example).I think Accountants accumulate more paper than most.  It's like I'm a professional hoarder or something.  You have to use something to keep all that stuff corralled and Bankers Boxes are the go-to solution to do so.  They are awesome.  The only caveat is to go with the medium or heavy duty because they last longer and stack better.  These boxes are easy to assemble and hold a surprising amount of stuff and stay strong.  Bless you Bankers Box, I don't know what accountants would do without you.  Even if you are not an accountant, they are very useful to hold your stuff.Super easy to put together, the bottom folds into place very simply and the top snaps together with ease. The fit is snug without being tight. They are definitely medium duty so don't put anything too heavy in them. Very satisfied.I've had several bankers boxes for miscellaneous storage needs over the years and even the normal-duty ones have lasted me for almost 20 years.  These aren't quite as sturdy as the heavy-duty versions, but unless you're doing some major stacking, the medium-duty boxes should be great for most needs.  The boxes are also super simple to put together.  And if you don't need all the boxes, you can keep the unused ones flat for easy storage.  Highly recommended.I'm always looking for storage boxes for files and for storing all of my printed knitting patterns. And even for craft items. These boxes are great. The bottoms are double layered for extra strength and they are a snap to put together. Truly, nice to have boxes for anything you may need to store. And the handles make it easy to pick them up and move them around even after they are filled. Very handy to have around.Ordinarily I go for the cheaper Office Max boxes, but I wanted to try something sturdier for boxes of books that weren't headed for the used book store. The double bottom is standard, but the sides on these are a lot stronger so you can stack them without the lower boxes caving in.If you're storing papers, cheaper boxes are fine, but if you're boxing heavier items for longer term storage or moving, these provide superior protection.It does a good Job of being a cube  and empty on the inside? These are nice sturdy and easy to assemble boxes. Id give them 5 stars if they weren't so boring looking. Utilitarian items do not have to be drab.I found these storage boxes easy to assemble and useful. You might want to use some tape to hols a handle flap down if it isn't full of files and other stuff. A sturdy enough box. Recommended!The ease of assembly and sturdy construction make this box great for reorganizing my storage room.  Had various size and types of boxes holding magazines, photographs, files folders, and loose correspondence.  Between these Medium-Duty Storage Boxes with Life-Off Lids and the also letter sized medium duty Bankers Box File Medium-Duty Storage Boxes with String and Button, my reorganization project was a breeze.  These boxes are sturdy enough to be stacked.  They are the right size to hold my varied types of items.  Comparing to the boxes with the string and button, I might prefer those slightly over these with the removable lid, but different items require different times to be open, so each has it's own benefits.The boxes are easily assembled and as the title of the item indicates, medium duty.Aside from the price, which seems a bit steep (but what doesn't today) these boxes and their mates with the string and button, are perfect unless you going to fill them full of extremely heavy items and stack them to the ceiling.  Recommend for your storage needs.  Great for neat, easy organization.These are very sturdy and well made, not something that will fall apart with actual use. I keep my arts and crafts in some of them, various knitting projects and the use others for filing, I even gave some to my mom to file her sheet music which she has a lot of and has to keep in pristine condition The lid fits great and the side handle opening makes it easy to move the box around whether its full or not.These boxes are solidly constructed and are really easy to assemble. I had no issues and found them to be the same or better than other brand banker boxes I've tried. The lid fits snuggly and has a lip of you want to stop it from slipping off to far. The handles are reinforced so carrying it is easier although I would still recommend holding it at the bottom for transport if it is full of files/paper otherwise, it may collapse. This is not a comment from experience, but just because these are longer and therefore may have more of a tendency to dip in the middle if the box is full.There is plenty of space on the front to label it for easy reference as well. There are four in the set making them about $7.50 each - a hefty price for cardboard but my thinking is that they are made well enough that you won't have to invest very often.The Bankers Box File Medium-Duty Storage Boxes with Lift-Off Lid almost put themselves together&#8230;well the box part anyway. The lid is a bit of a puzzle, but by no means hard to do. I have a large, second-hand file cabinet and I've been thinking why not just have a couple of bankers boxes. They will be easier to move and sure take up less space. These are pretty good sized. Ones that are a little less long may be more practical, if you have to move them often. These are really great bankers boxes.Working at a financial institution, I have been using Banker's Box brand boxes for years.  These medium-duty boxes live up to the company's well-deserved reputation.  They are sturdy, can hold a decent level of folders or other materials, and are easy to stack.  I use them at home to store a wide variety of items, and I've never had one break.  If you need storage at home, or at work, this will be an excellent choice.You can&#8217;t go wrong with Bankers Box. These are incredibly easy to assemble, you basically just shake it open, and it folds into place. The top edge of the box folds over, so it&#8217;s reinforced for extra strength and keeps you from getting cardboard paper cuts when you put files inside (And if you&#8217;ve ever had a cardboard paper cut &#8211; you know it is the *worst*, especially when it&#8217;s under your fingernail). The only negative I can find about these boxes is the 24 inch length, too long for regular shelves and a bit too heavy for me to pick up when full.I have used this kind of boxes in moving many times. One thing I like about it is that you can flatten it once you are done with the move. It is also very easy to fold and stack up. One special feature I don't see in other brands is this "locking life-off lids". It is less likely to lift open accidentally. It comes with different strength. This one is medium duty, which is quite versatile. You just have to remember that you don't load it with only those hard cover books. I need to use extra-duty boxes for them.Bankers Boxes come in very handy for storing anything from files to toys to holiday decorations or anything else you need to stash away. These boxes are easy to assemble, easy to carry and easy to stack. Plastic storage containers might be a little cheaper on sale at retail stores.These boxes are easy to assemble except the protective pieces that fold into the carrying holes don't fold into holes well making them awkward to use. Most of the edges are protected except the two long ones on the lid which leave you vulnerable to cuts. They are a bit large. If you filled one with files of papers you'll have about the equivalent of about two boxes of printer paper. If you don't have to move them often that much weight might be ok. But they are sturdy and easy to put together.The Bankers Box is very quick to assemble, and works just fine.  However, it is not that much quicker or higher quality than a traditional folding storage box, so I would just compare prices.  Overall, it's a quality product.Also, though not factored into the review, please note that 24&#34; long means you have a lot more weight in the box to carry.  You may want two smaller boxes instead.Bankers Boxes are ubiquitous for a reason. They're sturdy, long lasting (if you don't abuse them), and help make order of mounds of files and paperwork. The boxes are easy to put together and I especially like the double thick bottom. My only issue is that I received the string-tie, flap top boxes instead of the ones with lids, but otherwise they're pretty much the same. Be aware that if you pack the box completely full it will be quite heavy, so use caution when lifting.These boxes are nice, lightweight, easy to use.  This type has a string closure.  It holds so much, whether it is paperwork or anything you need to store.  Storing is easy, stackable boxes.  And, the  width of the box is not to wide, making it easier to push against a wall and not take up too much space.The boxes have grab-hold slots on the side, as always needed. Plus, there is an extra sheet of cardboard to have the bottom more secure and durable. On the inside is a demo if you can't figure how to unfold or fold them.I pack items in this, ceramics, boxes, tins, which I store. I like that these are perfectly stackable boxes.Excellent boxes, durable, light, and yet compact and easy to work with. RizzoI am a definite fan of boxes that do not require tape to keep them closed.  The string and button on these works just fine, and it's a classic technique.  I like it.Construction is good.  These are "medium-duty" boxes, so they aren't super thick or double walled.  However, they feel nicely made to me.  Assembly is a breeze - just incredibly easy to fold them into place.Definitely look at the length of these!  24" long isn't the "normal" size of file boxes that a lot of folks buy, and you'll want to make sure that these are the size you want for storing.  They caught me off guard at first, but they certainly do store a lot of files.  As a note - these won't holding hanging file folders.All of that said, the (current) price is shocking to me.  Over $9 a box in a pack of four?  To me, that's way too much.  These are nice, but they're more like $4 boxes, IMO.  So, I recommend the design and quality, but I also recommend that you wait for a better price on these.Very clever design work here.  The box almost folds itself into place.  When I say it took 30 seconds from flat box to assembled, loaded and tied shut... that was my WORST time.Of course, you may not be assembling and filling 100 boxes a session.  But even if you only use one at a time you get a very nice box.  It has hand-sized holes for easy lifting OR you can use the plastic handle to drag the really ones.Standard file fits neatly inside.This item was given to me for my review.I know boxes aren't exactly the most  exciting item to review, but I needed some sturdy ones to put books in. These boxes are sturdy, and, even better, they are super easy to set up. These days, easy and quick work for me. I needed a box that would hold some heavier items, and I got them. I'm happy.Bigger than the standard box of this class, these 12 x 25 boxes give plenty of room for extra files, paperwork, magazines, etc. I'm clearing all the papers out of my office but obviously can't toss them, and these are the perfect storage solution.Extra well built and reinforced, the string closure works great and avoids messy tape. There's an extra piece of cardboard in the bottom to provide extra strength as well, which is nice.Finally, the lift easy and stack perfectly. My new go-to box.I use bankers boxes yearly to store yearly records of our small business. I absolutely love the size of this - I'm able to pack a lot of files into it, much more than with the other bankers boxes I've used in the past. The construction is sturdy, I like the locking lift-off lid and it's great for storing on shelves. I'll order this in the future - it's perfect for our needs.These are the best long style boxes I used or seen. Quickest assembly ever, like those tents that just spring into place. Cardboard is doubled on both ends but not on the long sides. There is a great pull out plastic handle near the bottom of one end for dragging it around. The string and button closures mean the lids take up very slightly less space and don't pop off.All and all I would say it is best of breed for storing random stuff. However, if you are storing files getBankers Box Hang'N'Stor Medium-Duty Storage Boxes, Letter, 4-Pack (0078403)instead. They are the size of normal banker boxes and are even stronger... plus they are made for hanging folders.I'm in the process of moving which is a big enough pain, but boxes are extremely expensive.  This is no expensive.  $20 for a pack of 4 is a little bit above average.  The file boxes themselves are well constructed and easily fit letter files.  I would double tape to make sure that things don't fall along the edges.  They are not super flimsy, but I will not be able to use them again after the move.  I'm definitely expecting some worn edges.As my office goes paperless, the famous Bankers Box is an imperative to rid me of outdated paper files. There are four (4) boxes in this selection; each white cardboard box is 10  by 12 by 24.5 inches with handhold slots and black grips at each end for carefree lifting. An inner flap flattens re-enforcing the sturdy bottom of the box and then two (2) long outer half flaps fold over to act as covers to the box which are secured by black ties which then wrap around black buttons on each end. Now for shipment &#8230;..These letter sized storage boxes with the near string and button closure, coupled with the medium-duty letter size File Storage Boxes with Lift-Off Lid, provided the perfect set of boxes to reorganize by storage room.  These boxes proved - with their easy assembly, sturdy construction, and near closure methods - best for correspondence, files, and books; while the companion boxes with their removable lid proved a better bet for my wide variety of various and sundry sized items that need storing.Assembly was unbelievably easy.  Stacking proved successful.  The hand holds are great for re-arranging.  The weight of the cardboard used in the box is about right for Medium-Duty storage and perfect for me.  If they were sturdier, I would end up storing more weight than I could handle anyway.The only down-side to these nice storage boxes is the price.  But I have been using assorted sizes pre-used shipping boxes for my storage needs.  I got these from the Vine Program, but having placed assorted items in these boxes, the neatness of stacking makes buying uniformed sized boxes a better idea, and one worth paying for.  Still these might be a bit steep in price for my budget, but in comparison with other boxes here on Amazon, they seem somewhat in line pricewise.These are large boxes that are quite sturdy, and stacking strength seems a little better than average.  I like the closure so I don't have to tape the box top shut when moving.  If you are looking for a heavy-duty box that is even stronger for stacking (although not as large), check out theBankers Box R-Kive Heavy-Duty Storage Boxes, Letter/Legal, White/Black, 4-Pack (0072414).Size: 10&#34; x 12&#34; x 24&#34; inch-Note the 24 inch long...These Bankers boxes are really strong and well-made. They open up and fold together in a snap to use.They don't have a separate lid, but an integrated fold down lid, that ties quickly by wrapping a string around a disk.  You can see it in the picture of the box.If you have 24&#34; or longer shelf to store these upon, there is a plastic handle to pull and push them by.  It is right under the words &#34;bankers box&#34; also in the picture, and is quite helpful!I have had a couple of these boxes for many years and they are still strong!! They are perfect for old files, books, toys, clothes, art supplies, etc.  They are a refreshing change from all of the plastic boxes we seem to have accumulated.  As long as you have a dry place to keep them, they are really a well made box.LONG. 12 X 25&#34; and solid.NOT your typical 11 X 17&#34; box, the Fellowes boxes are heavy, have reinforced holes where they are tied shut, a plastic pull out handle on one end and the usual holes on both sides for lifting. Straight for stacking; that xtra length sure is welcomed!PERFECT for magazines, comics, documents and easy to fold together.And that is the quote of the delivery guy ;)  But these boxes ARE in fact, very generous in size.  I couldn't decide whether I wanted the type with a lid or the this type (with the string & button closure) but finally decided on the latter because I was afraid I would lose the lid, like I've done with all of my other bankers boxes.I used these to organize old financial records (I'm able fit about 5 years worth in each box!) as well as using one as place to store ALL of my sewing patterns, craft recipes, idea books & papers, etc.  So it's all together in one handy box but organized into sections inside.I've also used one to sort out anything important to our household, like warranties, product manuals, receipts for purchases of big items, car repair & maintenance records, birth certificate and passport copies, etc.If I had a hundred of these, I could find a 101 different uses for them.  They're very durable, roomy, stay shut securely but still easy to open and are a very good value.A solidly constructed box that is stackable as long as it is completely filled and easy to carry.  It is the top that is the one problem.  Since the box quite long in relation to its width, the middle part of the top opening is a point of structural weakness, this is compounded by the fact that the two folding lids do not completely cross over the top of the box and have only a 1&#34; overlap.  If something heavy and not as wide as the box is set on top the lid will bend inwards and open.Because of this while these boxes have securable lids, the cords on the ends are very secure, they are not all that secure.  A lidded Bankers Box with a string and button fastener on each end would be preferable.  In addition since the box is a flap top it is harder to access files than in a box with a removable lid, making these boxes really only useful for storing archival files.First of all, these storage boxes are quite expensive. Why should you buy it? If you need high quality storage boxes that will last a very long time. The walls are thick, hard, and sturdy. You can easily stack boxes on top of each other without distorting them. Assembling took about 30 seconds. The box is quite big, so it can store a lot of documents. Overall, pricey but worth the money. Highly recommend it.These boxes are just what I need for my old files for long term storage.  They are sturdy and inexpensive and allows me to put an &#34;expiration date&#34; on my files so that I don't continue to hold long term files forever.  Just toss'em.  Better than file cabinets and cheaper too.  Recommended.This is by far the best/highest quality bankers box I have ever had. The boxes come flat as most do, but these open and assemble in one fluid motion. There is no folding the flaps in a certain 4 step order. Not that that was such a big deal, but it sure is easy to make this box. There are two strings to make sure the box stays closed. There is also a heavy duty plastic handle for pulling the box off the shelf. They also have a high stacking weight so that the bottom boxes don't get crunched. Overall a great quality box.Notes:- Very sturdy- &#34;Assembles&#34; in one motion.- Heavy Duty Handles- String to make sure top stays closed- High stacking weight.I have loved every product I have gotten from Fellowes--a laptop stand, air purifiers, and now these storage boxes.  Ever since I went online 14 years ago, I've been sticking lots of papers and photos in miscellaneous cardboard boxes, and then just sticking those boxes in the closet or elsewhere.  Frankly, it's all a cluttered mess, but these storage boxes are going to motivate me to organize everything, and throw out what I don't need.  These Fellowes one-piece boxes are very easy to pop up, and very easy to collapse again, if you don't want to use one as you intended.  They stay rigid when popped up, however, and there are two ways you can carry a box--either horizontally with a push-in handle on each side, or vertically with a plastic strap on one side. They stay closed with a sturdy string wrapped around a circular plastic button. The boxes themselves are sturdy, with each one weighing 1 pound, 10.9 ounces.Yes, I love Fellowes . . . except for Julian . . . but that's a different review. :)I was able to put together one of the four boxes in this pack within 5 minutes - just pop out, fold over the sides just a bit and there you have your box!  It is very sturdy yet easy to carry though that will change as you add and add and add contents.  The handles fold over so they are double thickness as is the bottom of the box.  The paper is very easy to write on or to place stickers on whichever method you prefer to use.However this is supposed to have a string and button means of closer and it doesn't --- it has a fold-down lid that fits snuggly on it.  While that works great for me it isn't what the product is supposed to be.  Did they send me the wrong one?We use these for storing all of our accounting paperwork at our office. They do the job. Good quality, good for stacking, have no complaints.This is the third time I have gotten Bankers boxes.  The other times it was for long term storage purposes.  I liked the quality years ago, the boxes are still in perfect condition today, so I went back to the same company due to the quality of the product.  These will be used for temp storage of items as my daughter puts her apartment stuff into storage after college graduation, moves out of her apartment, and interviews for jobs.  Since they break down so easy, she can just keep them going forward for future uses.  I highly recommend these boxes.  I hope this helps.I have used what I term as &#34;medium duty&#34; Bankers Boxes and a leading office supply company brand. Those are ideal for light and medium weight items. The biggest complaint I have about those is that when stacked, the lower boxes tend to &#34;collapse&#34; a bit. Well, I was surprised at the difference these heavy duty boxes make. They are not only heavy duty, but one can notice the &#34;thicker&#34; cardboard and the difference the extra strength makes. Worth the extra cost.These boxes state in their title that they are heavy duty and after using them for a variety of items I would highly recommend them. All sides of the box interior other than the top are double layered and are very substantial. I loaded these boxes with up to 60 pounds of books and magazines and the boxes held up well. So far so good and I don't see why these boxes won't continue to serve for a good long time.There is a bonus to this. The box that the boxes are packed in turn is excellent storage for paintings and mirror. You can use it all, there are no wasted materials. Hooray!The boxes almost put themselves together. You unfold them and put the bottom piece down and fold the side parts in so that they reinforce the box. The cardboard is much thicker and stronger than the boxes that you buy at a home improvement store. Therefore, after you move, you will want to continue to use them for some kind of storage.Being so strong, you can use them for a very long time without having to replace them. I highly recommend them.I've had several bankers boxes for miscellaneous storage needs over the years, but nothing like these.  These heavy-duty boxes are very sturdy and stack easily.  I actually like to use these for underbed storage and they fit perfectly under mine.  Considering that my old bankers boxes lasted for almost 20 years, I'm certain the heavy-duty ones will last even longer.  They're also super simple to put together.  And if you don't need all the boxes, you can keep the unused ones flat for easy storage.  Highly recommended.Inside my tiny apartment, I have stacks and stacks of Blu-ray Discs (BDs) and hardback novels.  Thanks to Bankers Box, I have heavy-duty storage boxes that can be used to organize these chaotic collections.  I own a dozen of the Bankers Box R-Kive Heavy-Duty Storage Boxes, Letter/Legal, Woodgrain, 4 Pack (0072506) [Bankers Box R-Kive Heavy-Duty Storage Boxes, Letter/Legal, Woodgrain, 4 Pack (0072506)].  I have had these for nearly three years and they still look great.  They store my Hallmark ornaments, hardback and paperback novels, DVDs and BDs.  In my bedroom, I have six of them stacked on top of each other.  I didn't think Bankers Box made storage boxes stronger than theses, but I was wrong.The Bankers Box R-Kive Heavy-Duty Storage Boxes, Letter/Legal, White/Black, 4-Pack (0072414), are even stronger than the Woodgrain 0072506 boxes.  They have very thick walls and bottoms.  Assembly was fairly easy, even though the instructions are sparse.  I put the first box together by trial and error and by inspecting the Woodgrain 0072506 boxes that I had put together years ago.  Once assembled, the White/Black 0072414 boxes were difficult to take apart.  I wish Fellowes would post a video on Amazon that depicted their assembly.  The website for the Woodgrain 0072506 boxes has more helpful information in regards to assemblage.After I got the first White/Black 0072414 box put together, the other three were simple.  Then I transferred my BDs and hardback novels from dilapidated cardboard shipping boxes into the White/Black 0072414 boxes.  Now I have four of these boxes stacked on top of each other in my living room.  For the storage of collectables and records and other items that you wish to keep close, I strongly recommend Bankers Box R-Kive Heavy-Duty Storage Boxes, especially the White/Black 0072414 boxes.  They appear to be the strongest and the sturdiest.Joseph B. HoyosThese boxes are the most sturdy I have ever seen in a storage or archive box.  Perfect for storing files that I need to keep but don't need to access often. These would also make great, stackable moving boxes for heavier items such as books and papers.  There are cut-outs for hand-holds, are not awkward or bulky to carry, and assemble quickly and easily.  I especially like the flaps on the lids that cover the hand-hold cutouts on the box.  They keep dust out and protect the contents.I have an assortment of storage boxes from plastic to lightweight cardboard and the Bankers Box R-Kive Heavy-Duty Storage Boxes are top of the line in cardboard.  Easy to assemble, these have a flap on the lid ends (or sides if you use the box in legal format) which &#34;lock&#34; inside the box base handle cutouts.  Whereas some other Bankers boxes have blue printing, these are totally black ink on the white cardboard.  They are more sturdy than any others I use and I am secure in stacking these from the ground up.  I definitely recommend these boxes.I am a big fan of these type of boxes, whether Banker's Box or other brands. These are very useful for holding many things besides files. I use a lot for holding/moving books and magazines. this size is just right for moving books - large enough to carry a reasonable number, but not so large as to get too heavy when packed full.This is not the best example of this type of folding box - it is one of the cheaper types, using fewer folding leaves, which makes it a bit less sturdy than the more expensive style.That said, they are still very useful and a good buy for storing many different kinds of things in a uniform way.I would use them again.I'm much happier with these boxes than I have with others I have purchased in the past.  Boxes I have purchased in the past were normal quality, not heavy duty, and they have slowly collapsed over time.  I can tell that these will hold up much better when they are stacked on each other.  I'm very happy with these boxes.These boxes definitely are heavy duty and very suitable for long-term storage of records, in my closet.  In the process of assembling them, I noticed that there was absolutely no unwanted bending of the cardboard. Of course this means that the boxes are easily stackable.  While they will accommodate either regular or legal file folders, they will not accommodate the hanging Pendaflex files, so they lose a star with me.  You can hook the white hooks of the Pendaflex files over the edge of the box, but then the lid will not fit.  These boxes are somewhat pricey currently at $6.78 apiece plus tax, but in my opinion, they are worth the price for storage of important papers or valuable items.This is a great brand of dependable boxes and these are no exception. These are super sturdy with a durable cardboard on the sides so when you have to carry them you don't need to worry about tearing the sides. The lid fits really well so even in my damp garage space I don't need to worry about the papers getting moldy, and yes, they stack really well. They are the best banker's boxes we've had. Definitely a product I would purchase again!Sometimes, higher cost really does equal better quality.  I've tried lots of cheaper storage boxes, and none were anywhere near this heavy duty.  Additionally, the lids on cheaper boxes normally do not do well holding the weight of additional boxes stacked on top.  These are very heavy, easy to put together, and sturdy as can be.  I have used them long term and short term.  One great feature to me is that I can easily unfold them when finished using and store for next time.  Most less expensive boxes don't hold up well to repeated folding and unfolding.  Highly Recommended for Secure Storage!Let me start off that I'm in the accounting world and there is always lots of stuff that goes into storage boxes (especially at year-end), where they go off into a storeroom until we can shred the stuff. You should see the pallets stacked full of bankers boxes in the warehouse waiting for their date with the shredder man. We use A LOT of these, and have used them for years. We aren't brand friendly, we just buy whatever brand of bankers boxes the big warehouse store is selling - and that does change from time to time. IMHO they're all pretty much the same quality and ease of set-up, and this was no exception. Unfold the box, push down the sides and you're good to go and stuff away whatever it is you need to store.Would I buy these? Yes, but I did compare the listed price for a four-pack here at Amazon and compared to a ten-pack at that big warehouse store and noticed their price is lower and you get six more. Not everyone is going to need six more, I wouldn't need that many at home.These boxes are tough enough to overstuff. We crammed them with accounting files and other papers, and they hold together fine. They're easy to assemble and label, and store flat.Banker's Box, don't limit yourself to boring old folders. You can store so much more.With your multi-layered corrugate with double bottom, you can handle heavy loads, not just paper, but stuffed unicorns (little plush ones, not the taxidermy kind).Your lid makes it easy to get to our stuffed unicorns, so why limit yourself to Bankers?Oh well, your sturdy sides and locks in place lid will keep our unicorns safe...unless it floods, then we must hope that unicorns can swim.Quality storage box.- fully double-walled sides and bottom, and lid short sides- single-walled on lid's long sides and top- flat on the bottom inside and out (unlike some cheaper ones I've used)- very stackable even when full of files (I've used these to stack eight high full of files)- comfortable hand holes for carryingThe assembly for the first box may take a minute to get just right if you haven't done it before, as the diagrams on the boxes are more hints than instructions, but if you make a mistake, you just unfold and try again. I had no trouble, and once you know how to do it, it takes only seconds.Assembly notes:On the lid, there are four long tear-out tabs (not tear-off!) at the corners that you need to fold into place (at right angles) before folding the lid ends around them. Don't miss the four very short tabs on the lid to stick in slots at the end of lid assembly.I go through a lot of these storage boxes, and the ones from Bankers Box have been my favorites. These R-Kive boxes are especially nice, not only due to the easy assembly but I like the tabs on the cover that fold into the handle openings to keep the lid in place (and also make a better handle, though even without this the handle is sturdy and comfortable.) I fill these with heavy books and they take the weight without problems.Really like these storage boxes, and for more than just long term storage.  I like to use them to sort items and then transport them.  For example, during the holidays, I  used these boxes to sort out gifts for different destinations.  The boxes are durable and easy to carry to the car, as well as keeping everything together once we've arrived at the destination.  This really kept me from loosing or forgetting any gifts or food items.And yes, I do use them for the normal paper folder storage.  They are so easy to assemble and break back down.I am moving at the end of the month, and I needed some solid, stackable, boxes to store 3 file cabinets worth of records. These boxes are perect!It literally took me 20-30 seconds to put each box together, and another 20-30 seconds to put each lid together.  Once assembled, I packed them to capacity with folders and files, and then stacked them 3 high (I could have actually stacked them 4 or 5 high, but I have the space, so I figured I wouldn't push it).At the end of the day, these weren't that much more expensive than regular old packing boxes you can get at Home Depot or Lowe's, and they are much more suitable for storage of files and folders. They are shaped perfectly, so you can store letter size files if you place them in one direction, or legal size files if you place them in the other direction.  I did find cheaper Banker's Boxes elesewhere, but.......they were not the max strength kind.  They were the "light duty" kind, where stacking is not recommended.Overall, if you need reliable record storage, you will like these boxes.One thing to note....while the boxes fit letter or legal size folders perfectly, you cannot store hanging folders.  They are too wide.  I was fine with that, because I just threw all the empty hanging folders into a larger packing box.  If you want a complete portable storage solution where you can place the hanging folder and the actual folder containing your papers, then you'll need to get one of those plastic file cabinets that can accommodate the hanging folders.  I looked at those, but they are smaller, twice as expensive, and not stackable.  I might use one of those if I had a few folders I needed to carry around with me on a regular basis, but for moving, or more permanet storage, I think the Banker's Boxes are more suitable.I'm normally a Bankers Box fan.  I have a few different types, and I've been mostly impressed by them all...until now.In short, these are only marginally better than the "basic strength" Bankers Boxes that you can get for ~$2/each at places like Office Depot.  I bought a set of those years ago and they're still holding up great.  Folding these recycled "medium-duty" boxes into shape didn't impress me.  They didn't seem better than the standard boxes, but they cost a lot more unless you pick up a 12-pack from Amazon (currently $36, or $3/each).  The only thing that I like better than the standard boxes is that the lids have a flap that folds into the handle holes to keep the lids in place.Unlike some other reviewers, my boxes didn't smell any different to me than other boxes.  Perhaps they've fixed whatever was wrong with the formula.I'd pay maybe 20% more for these than the standard boxes for the lid and that feeling that I'm doing something good for the environment, but definitely not the current price premium - they just aren't that much nicer, IMO.  I recommend checking out the less expensiveBankers Box Stor/File(and nothing against Amazon, but they're cheaper locally for me).These are great business boxes for storage of any files you might need to put away long term. The boxes are made of heavy cardboard construction and will clearly last a long time and hold up over time. My only complaint is that they are a little shallow as storage boxes go.Overall, though, not bad at all.I move too much.  I've used a ton of banker boxes over the years.  These are the best b a mile.I like these banker's boxes not so much for their intended purpose of holding file folders and such.  I use them for CDs, DVDs, and books because their smaller size makes it so I can load them up just enough so I can carry them easily.  Plus they have nifty handles!I've assembled these kind of boxes before so it was easy for me to put them together, but if you never have before there aren't really any instructions, so you might get confused.Still, whatever you use them for these are decent boxes and made from recycled materials so they're good for the planet.That is all.I use these boxes to store my tax receipts and paperwork each year.They are easy and intuitive to fold, and are made out of 100% recycled materials.They can store traditional letter-size manilla folders, or turned to a landscape orientation, can store legal-sized folders.A get a year's worth of receipts into each box, so the size is adequate.They're so useful for our purposes - beer brewing!  This size is sturdy and just right for storing bottled beer and shelving it so it can age.  I also love that they're very easy to store before you need them - nice and flat and fit into small spaces when stored upright until needed.Tops fit nicely and are sturdy enough for stacking too.For less than extreme heaviness, this box works well around the house or office. The floor of the box is reinforced with a second layer but that is the only side that is. I would not fill this box with items that were too heavy but they work well for the lighter loads. The fact that they are made out of recycled material was nice to know. I would recommend these boxes for all but the heaviest of applications.I like these boxes because:- They are 100% recycled- Price is not bad- They stack nicely in the atticThese were very easy to put together, and they are surprisingly sturdy for cardboard. The lids are less so, but they are still fine enough.These are a decent size to store files or magazines and such. There are lines to write the contents and they stack well without bowing too much.At four in a package, these will be a big help in organizing our files and clutter.and what a wonderful box it issturdycarry your filesas a teacher I have plenty of files and this box is up to the jobI know they call this a bankers box, but I see no billions within of taxpayer bail outsonly a beautiful box which comes nesting within another pair of boxeswhat could be betterplenty of boxes to play with, to paint, to house your imaginationlike the immortal Sponge Bob episode on imaginationThe Idiot BoxI really like that these have a double bottom and they fold open so there is no assembly required.The lids do need to be folded to shape. They fit securely and the tabs fit into the box handles so they &#34;lock&#34; in and when opening one end the other tab acts as a hinge.If you want to use hanging file folders in the box the lid does not fit as well and you would need to tape them closed. The price of a 4 pack is more than if you were to pick them up at a local office supply but the 12 pack is a good value.In previous years many reviewers complained about the smell of these boxes but the manufacturer must have fixed that problem because they have no odor.These Bankers Box File 100% Recycled Medium-Duty Storage Boxes, Letter/Legal, 4 Pack, are just what it was needed. A perfect fit for the Hanging Folders, which sometimes in the past did not hanged properly on both sides. The construction is sturdy, and for the uses it is intended they work like a charm. I have to say that the lids are lacking a little in that they do not close well enough, like other lids with boxes do, but they serve well in keeping important files and being able to file papers as they arrive. For all practical purposes these boxes replace a file cabinet, and even though they might not look as shiny as a tall metal cabinet, they do the exact same job with minimum fuzz. Putting the boxes together is almost an instantaneous process that is quite easy, and it is very good to hear that these boxes are a 100% recycled which adds a good feeling of having the boxes around. They work fine, with a minor gripe about the lids ability to close nicely, but it is a very minor issue in the overall performance. A big thanks to amazon for delivering these outstanding boxes that successfully replaced a group that did not allow for the hanging folders to fit right. A welcome inclusion to the clerical aspect of life, and managing to look very nice while doing a great job. 4.5 Stars.What's not to love? I admit that I have somewhat of a box, or should I say, container fetish. I love anything that I can put things in. And these boxes are no exception. They are nice and sturdy. The bottoms are double layered for extra strength. They are a piece of cake to put together, and are perfect for storing just about anything. Not just for files. I use them to store my knitting patterns and other patterns also to store fabrics and other craft supplies. They are very handy to have around and useful for many things. Easy stackability is even better.I especially love that they are made from recycled products. Good for me, and good for the environment. Win win!I needed some storage boxes and didn't want to go find a Staples or Office Depot, so I ordered the Bankers Box 12-pack from Amazon. They came quickly and were exactly what I ordered. Checking the Sunday paper, however, I could have saved quite a few bucks by hopping in the car and driving to either of the above chain stores. I guess you often do pay for convenience.The boxes are fine, but hardly a bargain. My bad...The Bankers Box File 100% Recycled Medium-Duty Storage Box is great!  Letter-sized folders place one way or the long way for Legal-sized folders.  The box is quite sturdy!These banker boxes are a little smaller than regular storage boxes, or mover's boxes.I didn't use these boxes for files and folders. Instead, I use them to help us organize those odds and ends stuff around the house. The tops fit nicely and are sturdy enough for stacking.Overall, these boxes are made of heavy cardboard construction. I am confident they will last long time.You could use these boxes for files, but I mainly use them for other assorted items and they're great. Being smaller than regular storage boxes works well for me and they are suitable to hold anything that isn't too heavy. They come flat, but they're easy to put together.These are exactly as advertised. Storage Boxes. For that they work well. We keep several years of our tax forms in case we ever get audited. The forms were cluttering up our roll-out oak file cabinet so we wanted to put all but the previous years tax forms in the attic. These are perfect for that application. I hope I never have to see those forms again.We don't use these for files, but rather to help us organize or odds and ends in our closets.  The boxes are sturdy, easy to put together and best of all made from 100% recycled products. Great for things that you may need to access every now and then, but don't want plastic tupperware or boxes that need to be taped closed....and not just for Bankers.  I have continued my strong and positive feelings about Bankers Box's with this last iteration of an already quality product.  The pack of 4 arrived in a neat little box and when I took one out and opened it I had a strong box that holds a decade of our Federal and Commonwealth Tax files with a little room to spare.  I filled another box with old DVDs and now I have a single place to search for them instead of my usual 'all around the house' storage units.  The other 2 will see service as soon as I gather my collective sense.The boxes are perfect for recycled products since they do not require extra wall strength and with a double bottom the contents are well protected.  When I want to reduce outside invaders attempting to secure a nice warm place among papers I seal the box with 3&#34; tape on any seam or opening and that has worked quite well.  Overall this is just a box but it is a serious and well made box.The ubiquitous cardboard box...a necessity for layperson and business use.  That said I need a box that is affordable and reasonably strong.  The Bankers Box File just makes the grade.  It's only medium density cardboard so it isn't the very last word in strength, but it gets the job done and doesn't break this banker's box (couldn't resist).  Single-ply construction with extra-layer bottom reinforcement.  Lids have side ears that reinforce the pick-up holes plus can be used to kind of secure lid, nice enough.  These were slightly less deep than some of my oldest boxes and frankly I don't mind that since some of those boxes actually sag in the middle when picked up repeatedly.  Yes, I like these enough to give them a good rating and certainly would buy again.While the idea of using something environmentally friendly appeals to me, this item is not manufactured well. I put them together as I have every other box like this, and the ones I had absolutely did not stand up to use. I put my files in (which honestly weren't very heavy) and the box couldn't take it. I ran out and bought the original ones and they held up fine. I definitely do not recommend these!The boxes arrived within a big box, within another big box. Kind of felt guilty for receiving two extra boxes that weren't necessary; I recycled them. The actually banker boxes looked quite small, but they were the right size that I needed (think a large copy paper box from Staples). The boxes folded out beautifully and didn't need any folding. I had been used to the previous style of banker boxes where you fold A over B and then C. These boxes just pop into shape and are very solid. The lids however, are less than desirable. They all need to be taped to stay in place. The cardboard that should lock them in place is too short and the entire lid just pops back out flat, extremely annoying and definitely a quality control issue. If it weren't for the lids these boxes would be perfect! I was on the fence between a 2 or 3 rating because I actually need the lids. I'll go with 3 stars because hopefully they'll work this out.I picked these guys up because i needed some storage boxes for paper and light electronics.  These boxes are sturdy enough to hold either and stack up well.I use &#34;banker&#34; style boxes to store all sorts of stuff...Receipts, holiday decor, books, out of season clothes, camping gear, etc. They are reasonably priced, a good compromise on size and easy to handle and store. The medium duty line works find for most of my storage needs...since I don't need to get into them often, nor do I move them around a lot. If that were the case, I would use the heavier duty kind that Amazon carries. I like the fact that I know I can get them quickly with Amazon prime, usually before I get around to going to the local office supply store. Keep up the good work, guys!I am having new floors put in my downstairs, and that means that the whole two walls lined with books in bookcases must be removed, stored, and then brought back in and put back on the shelves. I'll be glad when the new floors are done and we can sit back and relax, but meanwhile, it's a lot of work.These boxes were easy for me to load, and the handles, along with the sturdy construction, make it easy for the stronger folk here to move them out of the living room and into storage. I have no doubt they will be intact once they are brought back in to be unloaded.I am usually flexible about delivery dates, but for this, we are on a strict time line. Two other types of boxes I ordered are LATE, and that is really irritating. It means we will really have to hustle--and do a lot in a couple of days rather than piecing the job out more comfortably--than if they had gotten here in a timely manner like these did.The fifth star is missing because the price seems high for what are, after all, just a dozen cardboard boxes.I work in a business that still has a lot of legacy paper files, so we are constantly preparing closed files for storage by putting them in bankers boxes then stacking them in either the attic or basement of the office.  We usually buy the cheaper boxes which have to be folded in a rather complicated manner, but the sides have started to break down and cause problems with the stacks falling over spilling papers out of the top.  While those papers will more than likely never be needed again and/or exist also as electronic copies, they probably do constitute a mess that we would like to clean up.This file box is described as medium duty but it's still sturdier than our previous file boxes.  It also is rather easy to assemble with a couple of pushes-- I confess I couldn't get it to straighten out but my partner who normally is a bit file fox assembly challenged figured it out promptly.My problem with the lid?  Tendency to tear for some reason.  I had to put a piece of tape on two of them, but they were going to be taped down when full any way so it was more esthetic than a real problem.These storage boxes are the perfect size and they go together easily and without having to use tape.  When filled they are still light enough to move easily and they can be stacked and not fall apart.These self-adhesive laminating sheets are wonderful for preserving art work without purchasing a laminating machine ($$$). They are very easy to work with.I put them over photos, cartoons and other things I print off the internet, then attach it to a magnet sheet.  A cheap way to make a personal keep-sake or gift.This year, I made calendars showing all family birthdays, holidays, and important occasions using "Word". I printed them on cardstock, sealed them with these laminating sheets and mounted them to a magnet sheet. Everyone gets a personalized refrigerator magnet calendar for Christmas as a stocking-stuffer and it didn't cost me very much.I ordered these to have on hand to laminate paper documents and other items that are on card stock and bend, shred, etc.  I am very happy with these; they have the guides on them so that you can cut what you need from the sheet to fit the item you are laminating.  They work very well and are easy to use but one note of caution:  be sure to slowly apply the sheet to your item so that the sheet doesn't wrinkle up because once it is on, it will pull the writing off the item if you try to straighten the sheet to remove the wrinkles.my medicare card was fraying...thanks to this system I didnt have to buy a machine and it protects cards, pics, etc so those old pics in your wallet or car can be protected too.I use these laminating labels all the time to laminate everything from small cards such as a copy of my auto insurance, AAA card, phone list I keep in my wallet to full sheets of instructions and the like that I want to keep around with damaging.Item arrived quickly, in excellent condition, and are sooo helpful if you scrapbook as much as I do. Some photos need to be covered first before going into the ol' scrapbook and some of my scrapbook covers need to be covered well too and these are the most effective for performing these tasks. Lie half of the adhesive-exposed down first, unback the other half of the covered backing second and let it fall on what you want covered...this system always works best to avoid air bubbles and puckers from forming. Smooth to suit and you'll be good to go. Recommended.Clear, wrinkle free protectors. Three hole punched for storing in three ring binders.  A little challenging getting your paper inside the sheets but worth it.Very nice, very sturdy, very clear.  These page protectors have worked very well for me. I like that they don't have the manufacturer's name on them.I was looking for a sheet protector that was sutible for archival material - my stamp collection. I need something to protect the full sheets had in my albums and this was a far more economical solution than stamps mounts. They are well made and look great.This item is mostly used to store my 81/2x11 photo prints and I print a great many photos.  I recommend it to anyone who wants an easy to use and safe vinyl pocket.I noticed several different  descriptions about sheet protectors  for sale on Amazon. I had purchased some cheaper ones from a big box store locally. I noticed they were thin and not all that clear. I found just the opposite on these holders as they are heavyweight and very clear. I made a great purchase and when I ordered the 200 pack I won't need to reorder anyway soon. I use these for pictures. legal documents, insurance policies and a host of other paper items. I give away 8 X 10 photos to friends and family and I always use the sheet protectors for each photo. While the photo is well received I always get a  favorable comment on the sheet protector. Pictures and documents insert easily into each holder and multiple copies of an item can be easily inserted into a looseleaf notebook.I use these when doing inventory on fiber lines in manholes. Which means they go through a lot of dirt and water. They do a good job of protecting the sheets and wipe clean nicely before putting in binders.Helps to protect my recipes, photos sheets ,etc.  They are just what I wanted and will be used for many projectsI have bought these over and over again. Nice heavy construction and easy to insert sheets into...just the best all around!I have used these to protect an preserve such sensitive items as original Civil War letters (well over 100 years old).Quite simply, perfect. Just the right thickness - not too thin, not too thick. LOVE the easy load! Oh boy have I had to fight with some in the past (haven't we all?), so tight you had to stick your fingers down in them to get the paper to go in, and even then made you want to jump off a ledge, but not so with these - uber sweet. Nice and clear. Debated the prospect of getting matte finish to avoid glare but decided I liked the shiny, sharp look to these, glad I stuck with non-matte. Seem to be of good quality so expecting very good use out of them though just received so can't be 100% on that.I use these because I am a medical student that reads a lot of journals and I like to save particular articles of interest.  These were a great deal, and are very durable.  None of the sheets were torn or defective, and they are thicker than the ones I usually buy from the store (hence the heavyweight label).  They are great quality and I feel like they will save my beloved articles in perfect condition for a long time!Most of these poly sheets have open tops and bottoms to stuff falls out, these don't and they are great, I highly recommendThese Avery Sheet protectors are very nice.  I've used them for a few years and I haven't had any problems with ink transfer or fading photos, at least not yet.  The sheets are very clear, as opposed to theWilson Jones Super Heavy Weight Sheet ProtectorsI bought recently, which are milky white.  I use the Avery Sheet Protectors to store photos and my children's award certificates.  They have served me well.Whether I am assembling binders or portfolios for a professional presentation or tearing out a recipe from a magazine that I want to try in the future, I always turn to Avery sheet protectors to protect pages from wear and tear and the elements.  I have found Avery heavyweight sheet protectors to be the best sheet protectors on the market for the following reasons:1) Sufficient thickness and weight: Some sheet protectors can be of such a light weight that they flop over in a notebook.  These sheet protectors are the heaviest I've found.  They do not easily crimp or bend when in your binder.2) Clarity: This product is completely clear and will not distort the appearance of a document.3) Ease of use: Each sheet protector has a slanted corner which enables the user to easily separate the halves of the protector and slide a sheet inside.4) Acid free: You've probably see sheet protectors ruin the print on a document or lift an image.  These documents will not damage your document because they are acid free.  I imagine that the acid free feature would be attractive to those engaged in scrapbooking.5) Secure:  I've never had a standard sized sheet of paper fall out of one of these protectors.  Once the paper is slipped in, I feel confident is is going to stay put.While I typically purchase my Avery sheet protectors through Costco, Amazon's pricing has become more competitive for a product that I highly for professional and casual use.This product is made in China.Oh very clear, and what a great deal. I like printing 8x11 photos and putting them in booklets, this is perfect.These are an amazing sleeve protectors.  I bought the acid free ones because I specifically wanted them for long-term protection of athletic ribbon storage/display.  I wanted to make sure that the ribbons were not destroyed, which is great.  I could not find a better price anywhere.  Great price.  Great product.Love these protective cases. As a first year teacher, I'm constantly saving materials. This is a great way to ensure they stay safe in my binders! A must have!Protects sheets well, and is pretty durable and cheap.  However, mine were of a strange dull white/yellow combo color, which was kind of weird.  For reference, product made in china.These are not as clear as I was hoping for.  They are well made but the non-glare makes them a bit more opaque than I thought they would be.The sheets are good quality and so far I've had no issues. At $0.13 a sheet, these are the most economical option when compared to anything else I could find at a local office supply store.I draw everyday, and these protectors help with keeping my art pieces protected. I'm glad I got the 100 count because now I have plenty of room for more drawings. I highly recommend these sheet protectors for artists, students, and anyone who needs to protect their work.Undamaged package. Product as described. These are not the harder plastic version, which I don't like. Avery are great products and I have not been let down at all.These are great for storing my photography, but because of the anti-glare they are also not very clear, making the photos look a bit dull.These sheet protectors are good quality and easy to load.  The top opening is a little larger than some protectors that I've purchased in the past.  It makes it much easier to insert papers for protection.  I'm pleased with the purchase!!!great item. works very well, i use it a lot, probably need buy some more, it works great, very very good item...This is a great investment for preserving any sheets of paper you don't want to get lost or messed up.  I will probably be ordering more when I get all these filled, for my personal files were such a mess.  I am categorizing personal bill files, poetry, recipes, and all sorts of miscellaneous information that I want to be able to refer to in the future.It is what it says it is, does what it says it does. It is non-glare, which is important to me when I am flipping through a ton of pages. It is top loading - I don't actually understand why they would make side or bottom loading, I would think they would just fall out too easily. And, they are page protectors. This brand is fairly thick, does not tear easily in my experience, and I have purchased I think three of the 200 count boxes so far. I need more, and I will buy them again.As a hobby, I do beading/jewelry making, and I've been using Avery sheet protectors for about seven years to hold the instructions for my projects.  This was my first time using these heavyweight protectors, though, and I just love them!  The anti-glare feature is excellent, and it makes it so much easier to see the instructions.  I use an Ott Light, and whereas previous sheet protectors have often made it difficult to see, there is absolutely no glare with these protectors.These are also really nice and thick, and they look professional.  If you need them in the workplace or for school, they would look very nice.For crafters and non-crafters alike, I highly recommend these!I have a binder (notebook), and I use these sheet protectors to keep things in order, and they are especially great for 8 x 10 photos, or 8 1/2 x 11&#34; photos.  They are wonderful and I highly recommend these great sheet protectors!!!!I use these every day, I am a notebook person.  These are great quality, price, fast shipping right to my door.  In the past year I ordered all of my office supplies from Amazon at great savings for the items I usually get for much more at office supply stores.  Convenient, to my door--and no impulse shopping that fritters my funds,I'd never bought the non-glare type of these before and I am impressed!  They look very nice and seem very sturdy when compared to the store brand style.  They hold up their shape very well.  These even have an extra bit of opening at the top to help get documents in.  Would highly recommend!I use these in my small home based business. I've used a number of brands/types but these are the best because they are clear and sturdy unlike others. Excellent value. I'd purchase again and again.these are great and super strong!  you can see through them perfectly and they perseve the paper really well. i like it!It's exactly what I was looking for. I love the no glare matte and they're pretty durable as well. Also a plus, they have box tops on them.I use a lot of sheet protectors to keep articles, worksheets, and many other reference materials, and found this box of 200 top-loading non-glare sheet protectors to be value for money and of excellent quality. They are thicker than some other sheet protectors I have used and are sturdy which hopefully means they will hold up well with long-term use. The color is more opaque than I would have liked, but I think this has to do with the fact that they are non-glare sheet protectors. If you are working under the glare of light or even from the sun, the non-glare feature will make it easier to read the material contained within these sheet protectors. The dimensions on the sheets are 8.5-x-11-inches, and I purchased a box of 200 which turned out to be much cheaper than if I had bought it at a local retail store.I have used these Avery Economy Clear Sheet Protectors for several years now.  They are good and work for what I need them for, especially for the price I paid for them on Amazon (which was great).The page(s) fit into the sheet protector very easily and the crystal clear clarity looks like it will last a good long time.I'm a first year teacher and my focus is on saving good materials in an organized safe fashion. These do the trick! My binders are filled with them and they work perfectly for all of my materials and even hold large amounts of paper without too much of an issue! Definitely recommend for people who are looking to store/save/organize information without it ripping or getting lost!Works well but not up to ecpectations. Won't reorder.These are the economy protectors and not made to hold up as well as the thicker type.  However, they are perfect for the job that I need.i love these they came very quickly. i use these to keep the coloring drawings my grandkids make and then put them on cork board ordered another boxthe cheapest sheet protectors seem to be the same regardless of brand. Go for the cheapest price. works fine for one to two sheets only.The Avery clear sheet protectors are great.  Work very well for many projects.  Box of 100 is a great quantity at a great price.I am an avid autograph collector and find that these avery sheet protectors are the best way to house my expensive documents. Because they are acid free, they will not stick to the ink on the letters held inside there protective sides. Great product, good price.Would not recommend for extreme couponers.  They are super duper flimsy and while a good price for the amount, not very effective for my purposes.I use a lot of these protector sheets, and these are very good.  The price is right and they seem to be strong.  I  also like the &#34;Acid Free&#34; feature.They are just plastics and they work without damaging the papers. On the other hand, it is not the one on the picture. I got mine and showed a different cover, saying that the plastics were useful to insert many papers at a time, but actually the contained plastics were not those ones either. I give it 3 stars because it is not what they say, but they work the same way for me and it is still a big amount for a cheap price.For what this is, it's a good product. You get a box of 100 sheet protectors--basically, clear sleeves that you can put a few sheets of paper in. They have a tab with holes on the side, so you can put them in a three-ring binder.The only downside is that it's the economy version, which means the sheet protectors are very thin and flimsy. I was expecting the side tab (with the binder holes) to be stabilized, somehow. Reinforced with thicker plastic, or cardstock, or something. But it's as flimsy as the rest of the sleeve, which means the whole thing is incredibly floppy. Once you put a couple of papers into the sleeve, it's a little stronger, but if you're expecting something stiff or sturdy, this isn't it. The good news is, because of being &#34;economy&#34; they're very lightweight. I can put the whole batch in a binder and it won't be too heavy.Overall, I'll rate this four stars. Recommended for anyone who wants an inexpensive way of keeping papers collected and organized.These sheet protectors are great and good quality. They are not cheap at all. Very nice and gives a professional look.save the gas the mileage and get out of traffic, if you use these as i do for my autograph collection then simply buy them through amazon instead of having to deal with staples or one of those stores --- much easier...I collect 8X10 movie stills and find these a good way to store those stills in, then put them in binders.  Avery makes a very good product and I recommend them to those who are on tight budgets.These are great quality, they don't rip or tear, they don't have sharp edges, they have a good capacity.  They're exactly what I needed!These are single sided pocket folders. Useful for putting papers in a 3 ring binder that are too small or don't have holes punched. These have held up to daily use and have had no rips or issues with them. Can definitely fit 25 pages in it no problem.These pockets are great if you need a folder and want to see its contents (well, at least the first page) without having to open up the folder. Plus, these come in really great colors so if you're working on something especially boring you can try to convince yourself it's not quite as boring if you're using these snazzy pockets. At least that's what I do :)what to say, this just works great, i love it. if something i love to use it everyday, then i don't complain at all. love it.One of my daughter's teachers hit her up with an extra supply list after the first day of school...as if the first one wasn't expensive or long enough.  Anyway this fit the teacher's request and arrived before my daughter could be penalized for not having the ''correct&#34;' items for class.  Ain't middle school grand?I bought these binder pockets several times---they're exactly what I need to keep my students' registration paperwork organized in a three-ring binder. You get five pockets and each is a different transparent color, including one that's clear. They'll hold several sheets of paper, so you can keep your binders organized.Note that they are NOT double-sided, you only get one pocket each. Previously, I bought some that had pockets on both sides, but I haven't been able to find them again.Five stars and highly recommended for anyone who is trying to organize their paperwork. Great for keeping printed articles organized by topic, too.What better way to Back-to-School shop?  I just order it, and it shows up in time for school!  No fighting kids, no hot car, no gas!  Easy peasy!We had so many business cards laying around that when we needed one it was impossible to find, so we got a new one for that business or person. Now the cards are all in one spot and easy to find as you can arrange them. Fits in any binder. We have used the Avery brand and as always they make a great product.When I first started collecting business cards I would toss them in a kitchen draw. Later I tried using a file box, but could never find the one I wanted when in a hurry.About ten years ago I started keeping the business cards in plastic business card pages in a three-ring binder notebook. Now, all of the cards are easy to find, protected from the elements, and fun to review once in a while.Not too long before I came upon this system, I threw a bunch of business cards away that were up to 10-15 years old and I'm sorry I did. Keeping cards in these pages within a binder not only keeps them from getting lost, but they are a great history of your life - not just businesses, but restaurants, bars and pubs, places you visited while on vacation, cards from family members, long ago friends, and trips home and abroad.Great fun!Easy to get cards in and out, holds a lot of cards and fits my binder well. Quality that will hold up.Great way to organize those cards that end up everywhere. Glad i got these and have my cards all alphabetized nowThese work well enough for most purposes, but be warned that (1) they are not big enough for european cards. I end up having to shave down those cards with a pair of scissors, which is insane. (2) To insert two cards, back to back, so that both side of the sleeve get used, you have to put them in the same pocket. This can crimp or bend them, and it means you typically have to take them both out at once as well, even if you only want one. There are better sleeves with pockets on both sides that don't have this problem.i need this kind of product for remote travel in Africa where i cannot always access a computer.  i use it for my micro-finance efforts in Ghana.  It's old school perfection.This was a very detailed book, I had to return it, was way more than needed or described but seemed to be an excellent book for business, my father in law was quite impressed and will be ordering one for his home repair business, it's just not for me.For someone in small private business who knows little about accounting this is for you.  It is fairly simple and it works well for me.I have been using this record book for years! It makes it so easy to keep your records straight. I'm not ready to totally rely on doing things in the computer so this is great!This item is great for my small business, it may seem a little dated with all the available programs for computers and smart phones, but nothing is simpler than writing numbers down on paper and making sense of your own entries.  The ledger has plenty of pages per month to do daily entries on, so no need to worry about running out of space, an the book itself is held together very well with the binding.  I would recommend this product for people looking for a simple way to keep track of their businesses daily expenses and incomes.With the cost of bookkeeping software, this is a cheap and easy solution for people with small unincorporated businesses.  My husband does some consulting since he retired, and this book is exactly what we need.... and that's coming from his wife, who happens to have 35 years of bookkeeping experience.  I recommend Dome books to a lot of folks that have small businesses.Just as you normally get bitten not by a moose or polar bear, but by mosquitoes, flies and ants, it's often the little things that eat you up financially.  Those unclaimed mileage expenses really add up at the end of the year.I found the trick is to have a system that's easy to use and requires little thought while using it, quite frankly.  That's where the basic mileage log book comes in.  More comprehensive expense-reporting books and systems risk not getting used - money that will never be properly expensed.This log report does that in the simplest and most logical manner.  When you open the book to a random page, you'll see a week.  The left page shows where you record the date, odometer readings, and miles traveled including a weekly total at bottom.  The right page is where you write down the business purpose.  Easy.This log book is small, but not too small for writing.  It takes very little room in the glove compartment, for example.In case you want to know the IRS 2010 Standard Mileage Rates:50 cents per mile for business miles driven16.5 cents per mile driven for medical or moving purposes14 cents per mile driven in service of charitable organizationsUpdate January 08, 2014:As of Jan. 1, 2014 the standard IRS mileage rates are:56 cents per business miles driven23.5 cents per mile driven for medical or moving purposes14 cents per mile driven in service of charitable organizationsThis mileage log is more than I needed so I will review this on its own merit.  Mileage can be tracked weekly and there is plenty of room to list the business purpose.  It's very comprehensive for those who need detail for their business travel.I started a business and travel is a hug apart of my life now and this book has made it so easy to keep track of milage and gas costs.Great for my home business to record business mileage. It holds plenty of pages to last throughout the year, instructions on how to keep records (and information about the relevant tax laws), and a place to keep maintenance and repair records.These are handy to keep in vehicles to record work mileage. A good deal and nice quality-now if I can only get the guys to use them!It is sturdy, holds files well, and doesn't take up too much desk space.I was unaware that it (also) comes with (5) hanging folders and the tabs to go on them. Nice little bonus, despite me buying a separate box of hanging folders :)With a product like this, it either works or doesn't work. This works! Don't hesitate to buy. Great for filing.Just barely better than OK, and that only because the better version has yet to appear. These things fulfill a need, but I only tolerate it, not really like it. When it is filled, handle with care--neither of mine (I have two) has broken yet while being carried fully loaded, but I get the feeling that the wrong move would fracture the plastic.These file holders will have to do until...when? I don't know. At least they look better than the shoe boxes they replaced (yeah, I have big feet).Oxford Decoflex Black 12 1/4 x 6 x 9 1/2 Inch Desktop File (23013) -- amazing I have one already and purchased two more. They fit nicely side by side in a standard size bookcase -- as well as within the drawer of the Pottery Barn Bedford File Cabinet.I will be using this for filing manuals, some documents and other papers that I can carry when I travel.  Made of plastic material with about 5 hanging folders included. You have to supply your own tag, which one could buy or make your own. I give this item 5 stars, reasonably priced.I used to have these in many colors, but nowadays they only seem available in two: granite, which is twice as expensive as the other color, black. That doesn't make sense, but whatever. I now have twenty of them (in granite, which is extremely attractive), because they're perfect for home use. They come with a few Pendaflex hanging folders and plastic labels, which is very nice, but there are two main reasons why I rely on them. First, I have an industrial-strength, five-shelf file cabinet in a closet, which is fine for storage but impossible to navigate when seeking a particular file. So I have the actual files in the Decoflexes, with labels on the ends. I can just pull out the Decoflex with, say, Tax files or Medical, and there's no mess. Second, these are also useful for other things than files. Over time, I've occasionally stored magazines, photo albums and books in them. With all the Decoflexes I've owned over the decades, not one has ever broken, cracked or chipped. They don't seem to get scratched, either. As far as I can tell, they last forever and look just as good as the day you bought them. Being plastic, they're easy to clean. The handle openings on the side are not sharp and I've never cut myself on them. I wish they were cheaper, but I'm such a fan of these that I know I'll continue to use them despite the price.This was a great way to get more space in my office. Some of my older file cabinets are not for hanging files bit a couple of these solved eveyrthing.Good organizer. I wish that the labels were easier to put on. Otherwise, it will serve a good purpose organizing my files.My papers were piling up all over the place and things were getting out of hand. My wife bought this for me and added 5 hanging folders with names. Voila, my office is organized and not a heaping mess of papers anymore. I'm happy.I put my file on this holder .Wow,Everything looks clear and very nice .I would ask for every body to get oneI'm not sure there's much room for improvement in the expanding file arena. This product fulfills its promise of providing a neat place to store your papers and sort them by tab. But there were two issues I had that might make you opt for another of the many similar products available. First, the flapping locking mechanism didnt inspire much confidence and in fact came undone once. Secondly, the entire product was a bit TOO stiff and it was difficult to easily file and retrieve papers. It may loosen up over time but with so many alternatives, might be worth trying something else.I love that this file holder has 20 pockets, marked for A-Z, and is of a large size to accommendate your needs. But the flap is pretty flimsy and after only 2 weeks of use, I keep it pinned back out of the way, as I am worried it will rip if I don't, from constant use. . Instead I added a large rubber band to keep papers in for now. As I'm keeping it in a file drawer, it should be fine and handle the wear I give it. if I was toting it back and forth, then I would worry about it not being a super heavy cardboard. I also wish it had the elastic band closure, versus the velcro, as the velcro can be too tight if the file is overstuffed. Somethings are just better old-school! But all in all, it's not a bad deal for the price.This is a useful expanding file for my office.  It's a convenient way to organize client files that I need at hand but don't want stacked on my desk.  It looks good and for normal use is constructed well enough.  The only problem I have is with the velcro strip used to keep the cover flap securely closed. It works too well.  It's hard to pull the cover flap without ripping it and, in fact, the very first time I opened the flap I put creases in it as I pulled it open. (BTW, because the velcro is so tight it's fairly noisy when you open it too.)  I'm guessing the extra large velcro strip is useful when the file is full of papers.  But given the noticeable damage to the flap on the first use I'd have preferred another method to secure it when closed.The Wilson Jones Expanding File works great for organizing all the instruction manuals I have in my home.  The box is colorful (which is a bonus), sturdy (which is essential), and has lots of index sections.  It's a simple thing that does its job well!I needed a file folder to use to organize paperwork. This does the trick nicely. I got the velcro-closure type.A plus about this closure is that it expands with the folder. I can stuff this one and still trust the closure to hold.A drawback is that once I've used it long term for holding many things, I fear the flap will be out of shape when I purge the documents it holds.I love that it comes in a deep, rich blue. There is no reason storage should be ugly. This fits in my file cabinet but also in my drawers and on my bookshelf quite nicely. All in all, it is a solid product that I can recommend.Awesome functionality, but like many other reviews you may have noticed, they should have reinforced the flap with perhaps, double or 4x the thickness.  And this is due in part to the Velcro being so strong that it's adhesion will invariably warp or weaken the flap.  Other than that though, construction and materials is good.I live in an apartment so it doesn't make sense for me to have an entire filing cabinet for documents and papers that need to be properly organized and stored.  This fills that void perfectly without taking up much space.  I keep it in the bottom of my closet and it takes up little to no space among the shoe racks.It easily fits a large amount of letter size papers and while your smaller pieces (ID cards etc.) may get lost in the bottom you are able to locate it fairly easily as each compartment reaches all the way to the bottom.The top is a bit wobbly and flimsy.  I can see that being a concern if you were to keep it in places where water may be an issue, but I am dry in my closet.All in all this is perfect for getting your stuff organized in limited space.I live in a small apartment with not a lot of room for a file cabinet.This Expanding File makes it easy and convenient for me to keep my paperwork in some kind of order and is compact enough to store under my desk.This will sure help me when tax time rolls around again.This works fine. The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I can't help comparing this against a sturdier expanding file that I also own. The file that I'm reviewing is made of paper material and each individual folder/compartment is rather narrow, so this is good if you are not looking to file big stacks of documents. If you really want something sturdy (and waterproof) you should look into getting an expanding file that is made of a more synthetic material.Don't know whatever happened to the paperless office they promised but I'm inundated with filing and this baby is great. You'd be amazed at how much 20 flexible pockets can hold.  I see that others have complained about the velcro closure, but I have not had a problem with it.  Nice blue,too.The material is hardier than I expected. Doesn't tear easily.The pockets already have the alphabet printed on them. I'd have preferred if they were all left blank. Although the makers tried to give more popular letters more space, it still seems that some letters need more. And what if you wanted to buy two? You'll find yourself scratching through many tabs with your sharpie.It holds a good deal of paper, but each pouch holds less than I hoped.It would also be better if it had a handle.This is good for keeping records on everyday life events. Everything from purchases to insurance policies. I love the color very vivid.I travel occasionally and need certain documents with me, so this is great for longer trips. I just pop the items I need into the file, close it up and it fits nicely behind my seat. Lightweight and easy to use, this is a must have for travelers who need to carry maps, important papers, etc.We abuse these kinds of expanding files, filling them with manuals, receipts, warranties and even small cords and plastics for our various appliances, computers, peripherals, electronics, furniture, etc. So expecting durability under those conditions out of a paper product isn't reasonable. But our last one (a Universal Paper Goods Sealrope Expansion File) lasted 6 years before falling apart. This one now has the job. I doubt it will survive as long.The velcro latch is useless for us because the file is expanded much too far for it to close. But in just testing the latch, the strength of the velcro connection was strong enough to crease the card-stock flap the first time I tried to pull it open. I suspect if you use that latch very often, the flap will start to look a bit mangled.The construction seem OK, and if you only use it for papers and don't over-stuff it like we do, it will probably serve you well. Ours stays in one place, inside a cabinet where we can reach in and find the documents we need quickly, because instead of using the printed alphabetical A-Z index, I've printed and taped specific category labels like &#34;appliances&#34; and &#34;computer.&#34; But I wouldn't vouch for the Wilson Jones ColorLife Expanding File's durability if you were carrying it around in a briefcase and taking it out all the time. Keep it in one place for document organization, and it should be fine.This is a very heavy duty product. It has sections for each alphabet to keep papers organized and at your fingertips. I could see school teachers using this when grading papers to be able to sort them alphabetically to hand them back to students. A family could use this to file their bills alphabetically or their receipts from shopping. There are many uses for this expanding file. I highly recommend you consider it.This item is 10 X 12 inches. An A - Z index is included. Not every letter has its own pocket. (There are 21 slots.) Each slot holds a pretty fair amount of paper. I only use standard computer paper in these files; therefore, I am unsure about other paper sizes. Yet for my needs, no paper sticks out above the file's top. The pockets are deep.The closing flap is thin. I have to pull to get the flap's lock to come loose, so I do not expect the closing flap to last too long. The color is a dark blue, which makes reading the slot labels/letters a bit difficult.All-in-all, this is a good product if your eyesight is good.This expanding file folder holds A LOT of papers.  I've crammed it full and everything fits well.  The only problem is, while the body is a nice sturdy cardboard, inexplicably, the top flap is paper-thin.  Not only that, the velcro that secures it is super-strong.  Which means you have to pull very hard to get it apart, and in so doing, the flap gets bent and mangled.  It really doesn't make any sense to have designed it this way.Overall, this file folder is ok for papers you don't need to access too often, but if you have to open and close it frequently, you probably should look at a different product.If you're looking for a basic accordion/expandable file, this may fit. It contains 21 letter-size pockets, labeled A-Z (some of the letters are doubled/tripled up); or you can organize by any method you choose by writing (or, better, attaching a label; see about readability in next paragraph) at the top of the pocket. Being accordion style, each individual pocket can expand to about an inch, and the whole thing easily expands to 12-15 inches. A long (and somewhat flimsy) flap wraps over the top and secures at the front via a long strip of Velcro that accommodates all degrees of expansion.I'm using this file to organize my product warranties and it's adequate. But it's so dark -- the black letters printed on the dark blue folder are very hard to read, and very little light gets down into the folders to illuminate the papers within. I recommend it only if a lighter color is available. Actually, for the price, I recommend browsing office suppliers because there are other options with better aesthetics. And if you're interested in beautiful, I recommend looking for products by Galison or Punch Studio.This expanding (accordion-style) folder is well made of material similar to manila folder. There are 21 sections that each easily expand to about 1/2 inch, but could expand a bit further if needed. I imagine it would get a bit more flexible once used for a while.Good:- Velcro closure accommodates expanding folder easily and holds fast- Unlike many plastic files of this type, the bottom of the file can expand as much as the top so you aren't limited by the bottom width- 21 sections is quite a fewBad:- Cover is think and you have to be careful when undoing the Velcro. You can't just pull any which wayThink about:- The pockets are deep. The overall depth is 10 inches so an 8.5&#34; x 11&#34; sheet on its side is about 1&#34; down in the file. When a section gets full it isn't easy to flip through the papers while they are in the file; you have to pull them out to do so.- Paper does eventually wear out- If you don't need all 21 pockets then there is a lot of extra bulkI needed an accordion file folder for my classroom to handily file extra papers, assignments, handouts, lecture notes etc. on a daily basis. The ColorLife Expanding File caught my eye, as blue is my school's color. On both of those criteria (filing, and color) the Wilson Jones gets an &#34;A&#34;. However, in one area it falls short.The velcro closure is w-a-a-a-y to tight. Opening the file necessitates bending the top, yanking the top, pulling the top - all resulting in some frustration and creases in the top. I just leave it open. I understand that the velcro strip was placed fairly high to accommodate the file as it expands. But if you simply use this as I do, for relatively few documents at a time, the shallow file results in maximum velcro attachment and frustration.This would have resulted in the file being a 3-star product. But the amazon selling price of $18.95 is simply too steep for this quality, resulting in the subtraction of one star, and a 2-star rating.Disappointing.I am using this to handle overflow from my small filing cabinet.  On the plus side, it holds an amazing amount of paper.  It stands up very well on its base even when not all the way full.  It's easily portable.  The velcro closure is very strong and is not going to accidentally come open, however, it's actually too strong since the flap is so flimsy and prone to bending when you struggle to open it.  The flap really is too flimsy period.The Wilson-Jones ColorLife Expanding File is just the right size to keep my important papers safe and handy.  I am using it to keep documents pertaining to my new car.  It looks nice on my shelf, and later I can use it for other things I want to keep handy.  The file is flexible and sturdy enough for the purpose I have assigned it.  I would definitely purchase more.This is a nice expanding file that seems to be well made, except that the flap is too thin and bendy. There's no way it's going to stay nice looking if you open and close it more than a couple of times... The Velcro is strong, and when you try to open the flap, it's hard to open it gently enough to avoid folding it.I'm using it to store my daughter's artwork/school work, and I'm trying to hande it verrrrrry gingerly, but I do suspect I'll have to replace it at some point.Year ago, began using an expanding file to organize the printed manuals that come with my electronic devices. It make it so much easier to find them when you need them if they are all alphabetized in one place. I still keep my printed manuals in such  an organizer today, even though you can often download a digital copy as well nowadays.I did not, however, store the manuals for my kitchen well as instructions. For that reason, I&#8217;ve always kept those manuals loose on my cookbook book case. Those are starting to become hard to find now so wanted another organizer for kitchen gadgets.I got the Wilson Jones ColorLife Expanding File with Flap, A-Z Index, 10 x 12 Inches, Letter Size, Dark Blue (WCCC7117A-BL) for the kitchen manuals and it works well. It is well built and sturdy enough for cardboard. I expect it will last several years before I need to replace it. I have found that the cardboard wears out faster than the plastic models do.One big omission, however, is the absence of a handle. I had expected it to have one on top like my other one does. I didn&#8217;t realize they still made these without handles. That makes it so much easier to carry it when you need to.The front closure is Velcro and is strong, yet easy to open. The dividers are well marked and alphabetized.While I like this organizer, when it wears out I will replace it with a plastic one that has a handle for easy carrying. If you want a cardboard one without a handle, this might be suitable for you.If you are looking for something to hold all your annual papers (as long as they are mostly 8.5&#34; x 12&#34; - this is a good option.  Expands as wide as you will need and made of durable quality vs. others I've used in the past which have torn.  I've taken one star off for the top flat closure.  Don't mind that it's thin.  Do mind that the velcro doesn't hold as well, or compress the folder as much as ones I've had with strings that go around them.First, I like the color blue so this works for me.  It is light, portable and made with with a kind of plastic coating that helps it to be much more durable than just heavy paper.  The fold-over flap is large enough to allow the file to expand and still be closed.In a day when paper is becoming less important, it is still helpful to have a small file like this to help you carry valuable papers with you or for storage.  Obviously, you may also put thumb drives and other electronic storage devices in it for storage.It works!When I first saw this, I thought it would be way too flimsy.  Actually, the material it's made of is pretty thin and it closes with a very strong piece of Velcro so when I opened it, it wrinkled a little bit.  I thought that would be the end of it for me because I don't like it when things look flawed.  But, I started filling it up anyway and then realized that I did like it afterall.There is plenty of room in the file and the flap expands to as wide as you fill it. As I mentioned before, it closes with Velcro and it does stay very securely closed.  What I like the best is that I was able to write on it with a black Sharpie.  I really don't care for just A, B, C, etc., so I was able to write in Insurance, etc. and that should help keep me a little more organized.  I also wrote the years of the information I put in the file on the flap so I'll be able to find what I'm looking for easier.  I'm pretty happy with it.Despite all of our computers and smartphones, we still have to save lots of paper every year, for business, school, taxes, etc. This folder works fine. I have the alphabetical style, though the (also available) monthly style would work better for some uses. Construction is all cardboard and paper, but the bottom is heavy stock and should last a while if kept in a desk or file cabinet somewhere. If you carry it around with you, it may not last. The top and inside are made from lighter weight card stock. I am a little concerned that the top flap is too lightweight to last as long as I'd like to keep my records. Again, durability depends a lot on your use case.A quality expanding file that is colorful, easy to transport, and easy to close and open.  The product is useful, durable, and attractive.  A winner all around.I love the color of this file and it seems sturdy enough after only having it a month.  It has nice large pockets and really expands well. The bottom is a bit thicker to hold weight but the top flap/cover is a little irritating.  I love that it has a cover/flap to keep papers from falling out but I have to really yank the velcro to get it to release and open.  Last time I used it I thought that is may rip.  It hasn't yet.My daughter has confiscated it to use as her school-work file to keep things organized so it will be getting a lot of use.  It comes with some labels It is made of 50% recycled product so at least that's a good start.  Handy and useful file but we will see how sturdy it is with lots of use.I love these things.  This is old school good quality heavy paper/light cardboard, updated with a velcro closure and electric blue color.  These things last forever, and they look really clean.  I'm switching from the plastic accordion files I've been using for the past few years.  These are nicer.This expanding file folder is pre-labeled A-Z on 21 pockets. (A few letters are combined.) There is space to write in your own labels, though they are more difficult to see because of their location. This folder is made of paper. It has a velcro closure, which you have to be careful about opening because of the paper &#34;lid&#34;. The front and back are reinforced with cardboard, making it fairly heavy duty. This stays pretty compact and is easy to store. I like it. My only real &#34;complaint&#34; is that I wish the lid (or whatever you call the top piece that closes) was a little more heavy duty so I didn't feel like I was going to rip it every time I open or close the file.This file organizer is great. It has enough dividers so you can organize papers but it's still light enough to travel with. It's durable and I love the blue color.The Wilson Jones ColorLife Expanding File with Flap, A-Z Index, 10 x 12 Inches, Letter Size, Dark Blue (WCCC7117A-BL) is attractive and has a slot for A-Z. I could see how this item could be helpful during a move or traveling with documents. I find the opening flap rather flimsy and could see is weakening or possible ripping over repeated usage. The Velcro strip is loud when opening. I would not recommend for long-term use. Also, since the filer is a deep blue, it is hard to read the black letters. Neon colors with the black letters would have worked better for the visually challenged. For $18, this is just an okay deal in my estimation. It is constructed from paper, which will biodegrade faster over time.I have the Letter variation of this expanding file folder.  Each letter is printed between on the file and you just drop whatever you need to file between the paper slots.  If you've got very basic filing needs, this is perfect.  If you are particular about your filing, you may need to get creative with labeling unless you don't mind some overlap.For instance, if you're filing multiple things, such as utility bills, important documents, tax papers, and medical bills, you'd either have to put &#34;LabCorp&#34; and &#34;lease addendums&#34; together, or create one spot for Medical (maybe under M) and one spot for property documents. I'm a bit anal retentive sometimes, so this was an issue for me - just figuring out where to put what so that I didn't have to search multiple pockets, but didn't have too many things in one file.I wish the closure were different.  Since there isn't much in my file at the moment (largely because I'm still figuring out wher to put everything without making me batty), the Velcro strip isn't much of an issue, but I could see that as it fills, it may become less of a closure at all, for one, and for two, it may not survive many openings and closings as I add paid bills or other important papers several times a month.  If you save all your filing for once a month, this may not bother you, either.  I am considering using my snap press to convert the Velcro strip to a simple snap, but will update later (with pictures) if I do.Happy filing!This is a very good filing system. I have bought other filing systems, but this looks heavy duty, and will last longer than the others I have bought.this gets daily use in an office. the top flap was useless so i ended up cutting it off. pockets hold a lot of paperwork and the entire file looks like it will last a long time. for our use, it is awesome.This is a prettier version of the old basic brown cardboard collapsible file folder only with a velcro closure instead of a tie.  Nice blue color.I like these because these are available in different colors. You can categorize your papers and file them in a certain colored folder. We use the blue one for our utility bills and general household items. The only thing I'm not sold on is the velcro fastener. When you pull open the flap, it creases where the velcro is, because the velcro really grips the flap. With frequent usage, it is possible the crease will eventually turn into a tear. That is a weak point in the design. I don't think the cardboard used to make this file is strong enough to withstand frequent openings and closings with the velcro being as strong a closure as it is. So if you don't open and close this file frequently, then this would be fine. But if this file has heavy usage, I don't think it will last as long because of the velcro fastener creasing/bending the top flap.I LOVE the weight and color of this.. yes it is a file box but it is nicely constructed, not cheap feeling. opens and stands on its own with a nice fold over for moving if necessary. The bright blue makes it easy to find and you have a choice of filing by month, day or any other option that works for you.  Nicely made.This is a very nice file folder if you are looking for an alphabetical (NOT MONTHLY) file folder. There is a file for A to Z. Great for anything you file by Letter rather then month such as clients or it is nice for recipes too, which is what I am using it for, example C for chicken recipes, B for beef recipes etc.. It has a very secure velcro closure but it does cause the cover to bend when you pull to open it thus 4 not 5 stars, would have probably been better if the velcro had been placed at the very bottom rather then top to avoid this. Still a very sturdy file folder I would recommend.Most expanding files I've worked with in the past have been of the paper/cardboard variety.  This plastic/mylar kit seems like a step in the right direction.  I was able to squeeze a bunch of papers in this thing quite nicely.  The 20+ dividers give you lots of flexibility in your organizational process and the whole structure is sturdy... with the exception of the lid.  This file system deserves a better lid.  It's wimpy and earns the loss of one star.What can one  say about an expanding file? I think that the file itself is fairly heavy duty, I've had files with thinner outer walls, so I think that the quality is good, the walls on the inside of the file aren't heavy duty, but I suppose it's not needed there and the flap is not thick. But really, the file feels like it will last through any abuse I put it through for the next few years.I say that it's worth it and I'd recommend it.I wanted to get rid of my file cabinet as it seemed to be taking way more room than it needed too considering all it did was hold a bunch of papers. I decided to see just how much one of these files would help and now that I know - I have bought more and trimmed the office space in my house down!Each lettered pocket holds tons of papers I got pretty much everything that was jammed into one full file drawer into this case and then when it's hooked and shut it takes up no more room on a shelf than a 3 ring binder. I was surprised by how thick this could get and still compress down so much . Love 'em!I was excited to get this because I always have desk clutter and I have found that I can't have enough expanding files or covered file boxes.This Wilson-Jones Expanding File is a pretty color of blue!  I like it much better than a traditional brown expanding file, BUT my excitement toned down immediately when I tried to open the as yet unused product and the velcro was so tight that I almost ripped the flimsy folding flap getting it separated. I did end up bending and creasing it and making a mess of it.I started putting monthly bills in the sections.  It might be an expanding file, but each section does not allow for more than a few sheets of paper because when they are all filled the file itself is too bulky and the already flimsy flap barely closes and then there is the problem with the super velcro. Pull on it too hard and the contents of the file will end up on the desk or on the floor.Problem solved - I cut off the flap!  I am using the file in a desk drawer just as it is for filing daily paperwork I need.  For that, it's perfect!To solve the problem of larger batches of paperwork that need to be in a covered file I ordered a Globe-Weiss Heavy Duty Expanding File w/flap and Cord Closure with 21 pockets and the color is brown which is just fine!This expandable file is sturdy and well constructed.  It is a perfect size for letter size documents.  It is not recommended for legal size documents.  They are 14 inches long, and will have to be folded to fit.  Use the longer version of the expanding file for those.  Back to the matter at hand...this file will hold hundreds of pages.  It seems quite durable and should last quite a while.Love this file for my yearly expenses. Perfect for keeping records for taxes. I highly recommend this expendable file and give it five stars and a big thumbs up!This blue cardboard accordion file folder is okay. Completely function for what it is - an expanding storage unit for limited amounts of paperwork. There's a folder for most letters of the alphabet, with a few doubling up - a total of twenty folders. This isn't something you'd want to overstuff, simply because it's not the sturdiest unit of its kind. The closeable flap is embarrassingly thin and prone to tearing as a result.The main issue with this product is that you do not get a very good value for your money. For this price, you'd think Wilson Jones could've made the file out of thin plastic rather than bendable, wearable, rip-able cardboard.The velcro on the flap is either too strong or the flap on top is too weak.  After one use the flap is already creased and nearly ripped.The internal files work well and are very sturdy. The base of the file is also sturdy and it's nice that it stands up.If you will be opening and closing the file a lot I can't recommend it because the top flap is too flimsy. But if you will be filing once and then putting away for only occasional reference it is a very solid choice.Before I mention anything else, I need to point out that this filer is NOT a square box. From the picture, it looks like a box with dividers and tabs. It's actually very skinny (probably 2 inches or so in width) and folds up like an accordion. For some, this may be disappointing (it makes it harder to manage) while others will be thrilled (takes up less space). I like that it takes up less space, but the quality of the material suffers a bit to allow it to shrink up so thin.The divers are pre-labeled A-Z, which limits what purposes you can use the file for. Would be nice for teachers or someone who files things alphabetically. The amount of papers you can put in per slot is fairly roomy, but not especially so since there's so many tabs. Also, the more you file the &#34;fatter&#34; the folder gets and the bulkier it becomes. The Velcro flab does fasten nicely.OVERALL: No major complaints. The material is cheap enough that you shouldn't expect this folder to last a long time, but it does do a nice job of organizing your papers in a slim and travel-friendly way. I would definitely recommend it for on-the-go business and not a master space for your important documents.The Wilson Jones tabs are durable, sturdy and for non-generics well priced.  I found them to be adequate for reference use, and only time will tell how they ultimately hold up but they appear to be well made.This is a packet of 8 fairly sturdy dividers.  Each has a clear plastic tab of a different color in a different position on the divider.  Included are 20 little foldable pieces of thin white cardboard, on which you can write labels (in very small handwriting, because the tabs are very small).  Useful for students, office workers, etc.I keep a lot of records in pockets which are attached to binders.  I like to be well organized.  These make it easy to find what I'm looking for instantly, and help make filing important papers easier.The different colors make the sections easier to see at a glance.  These are not flimsy like some are,  They are thicker and the area where the tabs are is solid and they look like they won't tear off with use as some have done.Most people who use these are probably students to keep subjects separate but I use them for records and recipes also.  I never gave up using three ring binders and tabs.  Keeping  spending records is also neat and orderly thanks to these.  They come with extra strips to write the headings on also.That really says it all. This is a set of dividers, manila colored, with transparent plastic tabs. A bunch of small, white paper inserts can be used to label the tabs to fit your needs.They work well and seem solid enough to stand up to regular use.There are 8 dividers per package for $2.56.  I have gotten cheaper dividers at the dollar store or at Target.  What's good is the reinforced hole strip which hopefully will keep the divider from ripping.  Having said that, I have never had cheaper dividers rip so I'm not sure that's necessary.  They worked fine for me and I am just as happy with cheaper dividers to be quite honest.I got these to help me sort my rubber stamps. Into groups that I belong to than into different categories. Animal, Insect, Holidays. EtcThese are perfectly functional dividers with tabs in fun colors. They fit perfectly in a three ring binder. The divider itself is a neutral pale yellow but the colored tabs provide a visible treat. Blank inserts are included. These would work well in a school or office environment. Recommended.Pros - price, price pricegreat for very light duty and not daily useCons - Light weight paper, hard to see through tabs, weak reinforcement tabs.Good uses: good for separators in any notebook you make up that needs only occasional referencingPoor uses: heavy duty use, flipping back and forth between tabs a lot, these will not last for much more than 3 - 6months, depending on your personal description of what a lot of usage means to you.These dividers get the job done for a cheap price. They are definitely not as durable as some others (i.e. plastic dividers), but I expect them to last for a while. I do like that they have insertable tabs, as I have seen some lately that do not.I have used these tab dividers for as long as I can remember.  This particular set is 8 dividers - Red, Yellow, Green, Blue, Clear, Pink, Light Orange, and Dark Orange.  Each tab is connected to a yellow sheet of paper that is 3 hole punched.  The paper is lightweight so if you're looking for something sturdy that will last through rough usage, this is not your divider set.I like these tabs for my light binder that I don't use often, it stores some info I need to have on hand, but it's not a high use binder.  I also like that I can switch out the tabs - you write on them (I know - old school - who doesn't type them on computer and print out anymore!).  But they're handy for switching out without having to get on computer and make new tabs.Overall, these work and serve a purpose, however I highly doubt they will be available much longer as the digital world takes over.This is a pretty standard product category. It's a binder divider set and each has a little colored tab where you can slide in a label. It's nice for keeping classwork or other papers organized. Since it's not really something where there's a ton of room for innovation, it's not like there's any huge feature that says &#34;yes, get this one!&#34; but the quality is good at least. They used a reasonably solid paper material with a little bit of reinforcement around the area where the holes are for the binder. The colors on the little tabs look nice, and they have the strip of labels you'll need right in the package. It's nothing incredibly fancy, but they did the job well.I have a real problem with tabs that are too dark to read.  Thankfully, these are all brightly colored and sheer enough to be able to read what you write on them.I wish these companies would package these tabs with more than 8 per package.With homeschooling, I seem to be adding more and more folders and dividers into our days. We've ended up with a great deal of the Wilson Jones products, and I have no complaints.These seem to be just like what I used when in school.While there's nothing extra special to point out about these tabs(they're pretty standard), again, I have no complaints.These are tab dividers to use in notebooks to divide papers or projects. I use them to separate the weight charts for my TOPS group. I also use them in my volunteer work at Cardiac Rehab. These papers separate the different levels of exercise patients, such as Wellness, Cardiac and Pulmonary. The papers are very sturdy and we use them every day. I highly recommend these tab dividers.These Wilson Jones Insertable Tab Dividers makes organizing our shop paperwork easy. These dividers are a little thin but they are not not in high physical stress area, so will hold up well enough in our office.Recommended!CFHNot much to get excited about with these dividers. They are just what they appear to be; tab dividers.  My complaint and why they are a 3 star is the the paper is not terribly sturdy. I would like to see more of a card stock. Typically dividers like this get a lot of use (page turning) and the holes are not adequately reinforced.  The product should be heavier all around.Eight-page tabbed dividers can be surprisingly expensive, so this set can be a frugal choice as long as you are aware of its limitations.The multicolored tabs are of sturdy, semi-transparent plastic. The cardstock inserts are similarly rugged. However, the 8.5x11 dividers themselves are surprisingly flimsy. Although the weight of the stock isn't specified, it is comparable to multipurpose laser-printer paper. Even worse, the reinforcements surrounding the ring punch-outs -- the portions of each page subject to the greatest and most frequent stress -- have very little reinforcement.The portion of this eight-page set I used daily -- and gently -- lasted less than a week before tearing. The dime-store version I used in the rest of that binder survived much better, although the tab clarity was less satisfactory. The remaining pages of the set have survived about five weeks' delicate and infrequent use, but there's obvious wear at the site of the rings.Bottom line, if you are considering these for routine school or office use, keep looking. They are acceptable only for one- or maybe two-inch binders that receive just occasional use.These are standard tab dividers. There are 8 dividers with multicolored tabs (and lots of extra white papers to fit in them). The dividers are not very thick and are probably better for projects that won't get a ton of traffic. But considering the price, I think these are a great buy.These insert-able tab dividers are perfect for book reports, office organization or creating training manuals. They are yellow in color and have the standard three hole punches in them. They fit into any standard binder and they have a plastic strip that runs along the hole punches so the paper doesn't rip. The paper is strong and not fragile at all. There are eight dividers and each one has it's own color and it comes with white labels.Got these as I needed to have a number of full page pictures indexed into different sections. These worked great. I printed out the labels I needed and they fitted the tabs just right. Would buy again when needed. Great product!It is wonderful that there are 8 tab dividers in this package and I love the fact that these each have the insert-able labels to place each tab dividers.For the money, this is an OK deal. However, these are LIGHT DUTY type of dividers and may not last as long dividers made out of plastic. These are made out of paper and can tear if you are not careful.For dividing on a SHORT TERM USE or very light use, these are OK.If you need to buy something more durable that will last for a long time, I cannot recommend these. For me, I use a set of clear plastic Avery Dividers with pockets. And they are a little pricey, yet they are of superb quality.These are very basic, insertable tabbed dividers. They are multi-colored for easy, at a glance recognition of the subject that you are searching for. They are already ready for three-holed punched notebooks. While they are basic, this is exactly what I use for my couponing binder.The set includes 8 different colored tab dividers as well as the inserts for the labels.Perfect for a work report or a school notebook. Easy to insert into the tabs so you can find what you are looking for in just a moment. The multi colors help set them off as well. Having 8 tabs provides a wealth of sections for any notebook.Even with the advent of tablets for data presentations, hard copies of reports and documents are sometimes still necessary.  These are basic 8 1/2 x 11" insertable tab dividers that provide easy organizing, sorting, and indexing of printed materials.  I like the capability of printing out the insertable mini tab sheets for a more professional and neat appearance.  Comes pre-punched for three ring binders, and the holes have plastic tape reinforcements.  After almost two months of routine use, these tab dividers are holding up alright.  Long term durability remains to be seen.This are your standard tab dividers, the lightweight paper with minimal reinforcement at the edges.  They are pretty much standard and should hold up for a semester or two, but are not meant for long term usage.  If you want something more permanent (and pricey) you may wish to consider theWilson Jones View-Tab Transparent Dividers.I do like the fact that there are eight layered dividers as opposed to the standard five or six.  These aren't on card stock, but rather heavy paper.  For example, if I wanted I could fold and crease the entire package.  They are decent, but not great.  One plus is that they are now an Amazon Add-on, a real plus in my book.FEATURES:&#9658;  Classic style, insertable dividers are made of durable paper with plastic tabs&#9658;  Double reinforced binding edge and reinforced tabs make these dividers long-lasting and durable&#9658;  Blank inserts are included for custom tab titles&#9658;  For use with letter size sheets&#9658;  Set of 8 tabbed dividers; colored tabs are transparent for easy color-coding and readabilityWILSON JONES:Wilson Jones WorkStyle Erasable-Tab Index DividersWilson Jones Cut and Sewn Binder, Round RingsWilson Jones WorkStyle Cut and Sewn Round Ring BinderWilson Jones Minute Book, Bound, Locking SpineWilson Jones Ring Ledger Sheets, 5 x 8.5 InchesWilson Jones 362 Basic Round Ring View BinderWilson Jones ColumnWrite Columnar PadWilson Jones 812 Telephone Address Book, Round RingWilson Jones Ring Ledger Binder, 1 Inch Capacity, 5.5 x 8.5 Inch Size, BlueUndamaged package. Product as described. Cost effective option. Good quality and no issues so far with moderate use. I prefer 8 tabs over 5 so what I needed.I have a reference manual that has numerous chapters with unique headers. These tab dividers are just the ticket for finding the right chapter when I need to look up a function. The three holes in the sheets are a match for a three ring binder. The holes have a reinforcement strip which should suffice for normal usage. Having different colors for the insert holders is an added convenience. This is a useful product at a modest price.I have been using Wilsonjones products for as long as I can remember and have never had a bad product from them. This is not an exception. The best are the color coded tabs-I just redid my finances file folder-which were in desparate need for replacement with this product and love the result. Firm not cheap materials. Easy to use.Would buy in the future!These are tab dividers--nothing special.  They get the job done, but the divider is what you pay for--a little cheap.  I think next time I would try to find something a little more like cardstock so that they don't get all bent and dented.  They come with double the number of tab inserts that you will need which is a nice thing in case you need to change them out.These are conventional tab dividers. The paper is not as study as others I've used, but there is a reinforcing strip to -hopefully- keep the holes from breaking out. They are a generous number of paper tab inserts, are enough for many re-uses with new titles. There are no pockets on the paper parts, which are too lightweight to support that anyway. if the paper was sturdier I'd give them five stars, as is... I'd recommend them for lighter use applications. For that they are probably fine.I like this particular type of tab set for several reasons. First of all it is an 8-tab set whereas I usually use a five-set. I found this came in handy for a project I was working on. Normally I just use two sets, but the tabs cover one another. With the 8-tab I can see at a glance which tab I want. Also, I like the insertable tab dividers so that I can change them out when necessary. The eight colors also help keep papers organized. All in all, this is a great set if you are looking at a larger project where you need the increased number of tabs.These 8-tab dividers by Wilson Jones are colorful, but attached to light-weight paper. Made in China. A better buy is the Avery Heavy Duty Index Dividers. The paper is heavier and the edges of the tabs and the three holes are reinforced so to make them rip-proof. Made in USA!These are the dividers I use in my kids workbook binders (homeschool). They are cheap, simple and easy to use.These dividers were great. The tabs are nice and sturdy (even for clumsy hands). They reach past the lined paper so I can easily see the sections.They are handy and a heck of a deal.The Wilson Jones tabs are handy because they come packaged together as an 8-tab set.  I always find myself needing more than the 5 I so often get.The left column with the three hole punches is reinforced (but only on the front) of each divider. The yellow paper that comprises the divider itself is a step up from looseleaf paper but certainly not a heavy cardstock and my package arrived with a lot of dents already in these dividers - just from regular package handling. Not a big deal to me but my kids like their school supplies to start out pristine (as do some adults). The colors on the tabs themselves seem to be a bit washed out at the top - orange, yellow, and pink, then a clear and then your more standard blue, green, yellow, and red.Overall, they are perfectly fine for their function but no one detail stands out that makes you want to recommend them above another set except for the fact that you are getting 8 tabs rather than 5 tabs.Instead of the normal set of five that I am used to, these use smaller tabs and come in a set of 8.  It's clever and sensible and I love it.  They're sturdy.  They come with ten little foldable inserts.  The inserts slide in easily and hold well.  The edges are a tiny bit rough cut, but not bad.  I like them.Wilson Jones makes all kinds of stationary products.  This multicolor tab set is perfect for my files.  I can color code the different sections making it easier to quickly go to the right section.  The tab are a good size so they are easy to read.These look nice-- the colored tabs are bright and nicely transparent-- but the cardstock is thin and it seems like they're going to need reinforcements quickly. I guess they'd be fine if you're just going to use them on occasion, but if these are going into a binder that you'll flip through often, you can do better.Face it, you are reading a review on tab dividers. I wish I could make this a fantastic piece of literature but that isn't going to happen. These tabs are exactly what they say they are. They are paper dividers with tabs and they work well for what they are. That being said, I really feel like they could have upped the thickness of the dividers themselves to they held up a little better. I don't foresee these lasting a long time in a binder you reference regularly because of how thin the material is. For an occasional use these are definitely good.I like that this set has eight tabs.  My previous dividers came only in sets of five, and that's just not enough for my purposes.  My only issue with these is that they do get pretty ratty looking with hard use, but I just think of it as Shabby Chic.The Wilson Jones insertable tab dividers work to separate pages but they are definitely not of the highest quality. For occasional use only, I would recommend these. For daily use, I do not believe they will hold up. The tabs are assorted colors which are on the pale site and I find this attractive. Unfortunately, they do not line up evenly and that is bothersome. The dividers are simply okay, nothing more.These seem to be standard dividers. Price is reasonable, but this is something I would probably pick up at the dollar store, since it's such a basic item.These insertable tab dividers match up easily against the standard dividers that students have been using forever. The big difference is that standard dividers usually come in a five or six pack, whereas these come in an 8 pack. For students, this allows a tab for every class as well as a couple of extra sections for students to personalize to their own organizational style.Like other standard dividers, the paper used to make these is slightly denser than regular notebook paper, but still rather flimsy. There is a reinforcement strip at the hole-punched edge, but it is still rather flimsy. These dividers would work fine for a semester's use, but I wouldn't expect them to hold up under heavy usage for a full year.I'm cleaning and sorting out files.  This and the other products I ordered meet my needs to complete my file organization.I always prefer these dividers.  They are simple and easy to use, with the ability to write a subject and insert it into the tabs.  The tabs are well spaced and there are 8, and they look very neat in a notebook.  They have 3 holes and fit into any standard ring binder.The different colors and perfectly spaced tabs make it very easy to organize a notebook and flip to exactly what you need. Over time I find that i become as used to the colors and position as I do the letters.The ring edge does have a plastic coat to reinforce it a bit and keep it from tearing.WILSON JONES INSERTABLE TAB DIVIDERS, 8-TAB SET, MULTICOLOR TABS (W54311A) are great for dividing items in binders. I use them for many things, including keeping different records separated for my writing group, as well as alphabetizing volunteers for the ministries I&#8217;m involved in. The different colors make it easier to turn to a specific section, and the reusable tabs are ideal for rearranging things.Product information:&#8226;Classic style, insertable dividers are made of durable paper with plastic tabs&#8226;Double reinforced binding edge and reinforced tabs make these dividers long-lasting and durable&#8226;Blank inserts are included for custom tab titles&#8226;For use with letter size sheets&#8226;Set of 8 tabbed dividers; colored tabs are transparent for easy color-coding and readabilityProduct DescriptionErasable Tab Dividers--Specially laminated for years of use these exceptionally durable tabs will not rip and are very economical. Write on tabs with pencil or non-permanent ink for full erasability. Reinforced binding edges offer long-lasting use. Write, erase and reuse time and again. Five or eight tab count; white.Oversized Insertable Dividers--Extra wide insertable tab dividers work great with sheet protectors. Larger tabs allow for longer titles. Five or eight count tab sets available in clear or multicolor, on white oversized paper with a reinforced binding edge for long lasting use. Divider dimensions: 11&#34; x 9 1/4&#34;.These are good, basic dividers, though not very durable. I like that they have reinforced holes, but the divider paper is very thin; I can already tell that they won't last very long--especially with daily use--but they will be perfect for a semester or two. For the price, these dividers are exactly what I expected them to be, so I'm happy.I really like these.  The price is right, and the tabs are sturdy.  The hole punched area is reinforced, so they shouldn't pull loose easily.  The downside:  The card stock of the actual divider is not really as thick as some others.  For light use occasionally accessed information, these would be great.  If I needed dividers for heavy use, I would try something else.I am an organizer... and I use these to organize my account records.  If you are an organizer... these are handy to have and use.These are great divider tabs. I used them in my budgeting/meal planning binder and I use it about once or so a day. I haven't had them tear apart like the cheaper versions. I'm very happy with them!These are standard dividers with insertable tabs for labeling.  They are exactly what you would expect.  This is a good price for these, which is currently $2.19.Standard dividers with reinforced holes. The paper is not terribly sturdy, but enough for all but the most high-use applications.Personally, I think I'll stick to the write-on tabs from now on. They're easier to read and use. Normally cheaper too.With tax preparation season upon us, my documents are all gathered in one folder. Separating those documents can be a time consuming process.The Wilson Jones Insertable Tab Dividers will help me to separate my documents into more distinct categories and make the work of compiling documents for taxes much easier.There are 8 folders with multi-colored tab identifiers. They are also three hole punched  so that they can be used in a binder. We receive many tax forms for investments. These pre punched folders can help separate items such as annuities, mutual funds, periodic statements, prospectus information and life insurance. I also appreciate that the sides are reinforced so if they are taken out of a drawer many times, this will help prevent tearing.Overall, this is a product that will be very useful and timely.These particular dividers are perfect for my research into my family tree. They are colorful and sturdy.  I can isolate each member's family of a tree branch for quicker reference later. May have it all printed up one day. May also need more dividers.These dividers worked great for what I needed them for and I think they will last well.  The tabs fit perfectly into their spot and haven't come loose, or slipped, even with much use.These are your average tabs, except that they come in a package of 8.  Usually tabs come in 5 but having this come in 8 is very convenient.  They're a little thin so I don't expect them to last a long time with regular 'abuse'.  I like that they are all different colors and putting the paper in the tabs isn't very difficult.  Cost?  At the time of this writing...reasonable.  Recommended.Well these are just your ordinary yellow dividers with multi color tabs that you see in stores often. Nothing too special or unique about them. This is a pack of 8 with white tabs... the dividers are not thick or durable and will indeed tear out rip over time.I keep all my teaching materials in a 3 ring binder and I use these all the time for quick reference. THe price is right and you cannot go wrong. I recommend this item.Two kids, homeschooled in 8 topics makes for a lot of papers that you end up keeping for a while.  Each child gets a set so that we can keep papers separated by subject.  It serves the purpose.  Papers are filed daily and kept for review records by state or school district officials.These are very basic dividers but the price is unbeatable.Pros:Lots of tabs, easy to seeRelatively solid construction will hold up to most abusePapers to slip insideREALLY cheap... less than 3.00 (for this price, what you get is worth it. Any higher and you may as well get a higher quality set)Cons:Papers can slip out easily (tape edges to secure, but then it's more permanent)Not the most solid construction but as long as it doesn't see super heavy use it should be fineThis is a very basic set of dividers, the sort you would use in a school binder to separate your notes for each subject. I needed something like this for a binder of printed sewing technique articles---I wanted to divide them according to type: zippers, pockets, embroidery, etc.PROS* It will keep your papers or notes separated within a binder.* There are eight colored tabs, so you can assign a different color to each subject, like red for Math, green for Geography, yellow for Literature, and so forth. (Hooray for color coordination!) In theory, the tabs stick out beyond your papers, so you can easily flip to the section you want.CONS* Remember that theory I just mentioned about the tabs sticking out? Yeah. In reality, they don't. Maybe if you're only dividing notepaper, but I have a bunch of binder pockets that hold my articles. The tabs do NOT stick out past the edges of the binder pockets, so they're virtually worthless.* These dividers are incredibly flimsy. They're made from a slightly-thicker-than-usual paper. You don't even get cardstock, just thick paper, with a narrow section that's barely reinforced at the holes. I can't imagine they would hold up under gentle home use, never mind what a busy student would put them though. I certainly wouldn't use them without reinforcing each hole with some of those round stickers you can buy for repairing torn holes. Of course, those are ugly. . . .* Also, the tabs are very small. It comes with a sheet of perforated labels that you can hand write your subject title on, but they're tiny. Personally, I would have a hard time writing the labels.I'm giving this product two stars, because it's barely functional. If you need something ultra cheap and flimsy, it will work just fine. But if you need something more substantial, I'd suggestAvery Style Edge Insertable Plastic Dividers, 8-Tab Set. They're only slightly more money, yet a lot sturdier and they look nicer, too.I have a coupon binder, and if you coupon then you know organization is key! When I first got it all together I was using sticky notes for categories.  This works much better and you can usually find these at any store where office/school supplies are.These are a little flimsy but are blank so they can be &#34;doodled&#34; on. You can also change out the tabs do they can easily be reused for anything.A must have product for so many different projects. Recommended!My husband and I love to cook and we have collected so many wonderful recipes online that it&#8217;s difficult to organize them all.  Which is why we simply couldn&#8217;t resist buying some dividers for the notebook where we&#8217;d begun to gather our growing collection.  We are now able to create a recipe system that is unique to our dietary needs (he has diabetes) and even create menus and for our guests that respect their various dietary preferences.  And I love the colors.  They weren&#8217;t necessary, I suppose, but they have made flipping back and forth between sections a little easier.  Definitely worth the small investment we made.These are sturdy tab dividers.  The edge that goes into a binder has some sort of plastic on one side that prevents tearing. The paper is good quality.The tabs on the edges of the dividers are about an inch and a half long and half an inch high.  Paper to put in the tabs also come with this.  As a result it is possible to write something that is readable on the tabs.There are fine tab dividers.These dividers are pretty basic. They have plastic tabs which you can insert custom labels into (though you have to write on them by hand or create your own custom template without any help from the manufacturer). The dividers are not particularly thick nor thin and they do have a somewhat reinforced edge. They are essentially quite basic. This is not necessarily a problem, but you can get a slightly better set of 8 dividers made by Avery with color tabs from OfficeMax for $1.39. This set is $2.56 at present. The Avery ones have a better system for holding the color plastic tabs, better reinforcement along the edge, and a system for making sure the tabs don't fall out. If you're making a big order on Amazon for office supplies and don't want to buy separate dividers, then it probably wouldn't hurt to pile this into an order, but, if you shop around, you can do better.This is one of those products where there is just not much to say.  The dividers fit in a standard binder, their quality is just as good as any other dividers, they come with the little paper rectangles, they're cheap, they can detect gold and spirits, and they separate your papers, so as to avoid inbreeding.  All in all, they are as you would expect.How much can you say about a set of Tab Dividers?  They are as expected from Wilson well made.  There is appropriate reinforcing about the holes and the tab holders.  There's blank slips to fill out and put in the tab holders.  The colors are useful for organization.  Just exactly what I needed for organizing the parts of the file in a three ring binder.These are easy to use, intuitive tab dividers.  The colors are bright, the tabs are easy to read and they insert into binders with ease.  Also, at the price point they're currently at (under three dollars) they are an inexpensive buy for a variety of uses when it comes to binder sorting needs.Got a good price on these functional dividers; free shipping makes the deal even sweeter. Eight dividers in the package were more than I needed.  Included with the dividers are plenty of paper tabs for plenty of changes of the categories. A good feature of these dividers is that each has reinforced holes, a weak link for anything binder related.I do wish the paper used for the divider sheets were made of heavier paper stock, but at this price I really can't complain too much.The tabs are nothing new...but they work well for our binders and hold up nicely. Simple, easy, and a good color assortment.I was so excited when I received these Wilson Jones Insertable Tab Dividers.  I have created a unique information manual at my office, and I needed dividers to organize the information into sections.  I have been looking at divider pages, but they are SO EXPENSIVE.  When I saw these Wilson Jones Insertable Tab Dividers for $2.56, I decided to give them a try.  They turned out to be EXACTLY what I have been looking for.  I liked them so well, I just ordered another five sets!These are so handy to have around. I use them for all sorts of organizing projects and I've found them to be very durable and long lasting. It has been extremely rare that I've thrown them out because they have become ripped or torn, especially around the holes for the rings.These Tab Dividers are just average.  There's nothing fancy about them to set them apart from others.  I like that they're multi-colored.  That's good for my 11 and 12 year old kids for school binders.  A lot of times they just go by the color rather than the titles inserted into the tabs.  The edge with the hole-punches is reinforced.  It's not real great but just a little something extra.  My son can be pretty rough with his papers and things in his binders so any little bit of reinforcement is a plus.This set comes with 10 blank perforated tab inserts that you can use to write titles on for your tabs and then easily insert them into the tabs.  The description states that you can use your computer and print off your own tab inserts but there's no instruction on how to do this and I've checked in Microsoft Word and there's no template in there to do so.  There are some other 8-tab divider templates that I have used but had to trip down quite a bit.  I've searched online for a template as well and have yet to find one.For the price I don't think this is a bad set.  I don't want to spend a lot on dividers when I know that my son can be so rough on them.  They do the job for me as well for some of my binders that I like to store things in.  I'm not rough so I know they'll last a long time for me.If all you need is a basic set of Tab Dividers then sure, I'd recommend these.  Just know that there's nothing special about that.  They're just average and real durable.I am using these Wilson Jones Insertable tab dividers in my notebook of home recipes. Theey&#8217;re erasable and perfectly fit a three-ring binder. Detachable paper rectangles are suitable for writing and they insert into the colored plastic tabs perfectly. Exactly what I need to keep my recipes and other household papers in place and easy to locate. They&#8217;re so handy I plan on ordering a second set for my garden journal.I'm not quite sure how to review these dividers.  They're what you'd expect.  They... divide.  They seem durable, the punched holes are reinforced, the tabs are a good size to be clearly visible, and they come with extra tab inserts in case you can't make up your mind between &#34;Expenses&#34; and &#34;Outgoing.&#34;They will do the job, little troopers that they are.  It's true they're not flashy or showy, but sometimes the homey virtues are the best.Whenever I'm putting together a report for work I use these inexpensive dividers. They don't have to last forever but they are really inexpensive and look nice. Nothing fancy but they do the job perfectly.These are a good price/value for moderate use.  The dividers are not very thick but they do have reinforced holes. They have the standard write on/ slip in labels.I have bought these for my kids and find they do not stand up to high school use (shoving in and out of backpacks).  My kids also like there to be a pocket on the dividers so I have been getting them the Avery Big Tab Plastic Dividers which cost only a tiny bit more.  I use these myself and they are fine, but I am a little more careful with my folders.These are basic dividers, 8.5x11&#34; with 8 tabs. The colors of the clear plastic tabs are, top to bottom: red, yellow, green, blue, clear, pink, dark yellow and  orange. The divider sheets are manila in color. And are reinforeced on the backside along the edge where the 3-ring binder holes are located with a strip of plastic.You get 22 white paper inserts to write your categories on. At times I like to print these on index cards from my computer and cut them to fit myself.I use a lot of dividers to keep my printed materials organized and easy to find. These should come in handy.Recommended.P.S. If I learn more after I have used them for a while, I will edit this review.The price is a little high but the dividers are strong and firm and should last for a long time. Love the different colors to find things easy when you open your binders. I am redoing my office and these fit the bill perfectly. Wish I had some more of them for the many binders that I am redoing but am happy to be using such a quality product in my office.Would recommend!This large pack of dividers will certainly help you keep everything super neat. I love to use this for organizing recipes as well as whatever projects I'm working on. What I was not so thrilled about is the use of the template. On the one hand it assures that you have neatly printed tabs. On the other hand the template didn't seem to work well. I tried a few combinations before getting fed up with the slight misalignment.  It's not that bad, but it's not correct either.What I also like about the tabs is the fact that they are very sturdy so you do not have to worry about them tearing or falling out of your binder. I have tried several other tab products that use templates for tab print outs and this is easier although I found it ti be a bit misaligned.In addition to the tabbed sheets you get some handy pockets or page protectors.I love organizing and these transparent dividers help me organize my binders in a fast, easy way. I don't know how long these have been out on the market but I am glad I know about them now. No more having to use my label maker to make labels nor losing the little papers inside the tabs. Changing the labels is as easy as typing, printing, and replacing paper. LOVE!I used the online template to create a schedule for myself and my kids and it took me longer to think of what to name the tabs than it did to print and put the dividers in my binder.These dividers can be used in any size binder. If you don't have access to the internet you can follow the included instructions for Microsoft Word.These dividers are well built, and seem quite sturdy.  I've recently gotten into RC helicopters and it seems nothing comes with a manual, they all need to be printed online.  These dividers are great for organizing those manuals.  While 5 sets may seem like overkill, the price adds up quickly if you buy multiple sets at a local store, plus it's handy to have them on-hand, and not have to make a special trip for them.The package contains 5 sets of tabbed plastic 3-hole punched divider sheets.  Each set of tabbed sheets has an untabbed front sheet, 8 graduated tabbed sheets (so you can read all 8 easily at the same time) and another untabbed sheet.  These sets are held together by a plastic locking strip.  The tabbed sheets are colored going left to right they are clear, light green, blue, yellow, orange, light blue, a greenish yellow, and a dark blue.  The locking strip is fairly easy to remove.These are made to fit into 3 ring binders but could also be used in pocket folders to keep order in a folder between categories rather than doing multiple folders for one company or issue.  This is my use for these so that I can organize projects and company correspondence, contracts, project notes, invoices, billing, etc in a pocket folder.I can certainly see the utility in using them in a 3-hole punch folder but just don't have the space handy to my work area to store them within reach and I do have a filing cabinet in easy reach.DH wanted some tab dividers to organize his business papers. Then along comes Vine and offers these.They are very nice quality and he is more than satisfied with them. A generous quantity is provided, doubt he'll ever need more.But if he did, he would reorder these. Very nice quality for office or home.I really like the bright colors of these dividers! They are also very durable as the whole divider is plastic, not just the tab. These dividers have what are called view tabs instead of insertable or stick on labels. The idea is to print all the labels on one sheet that is placed in the back so the text can be viewed through the colored transparent tabs. This works okay unless you have a very thick binder, which in that case makes it a little difficult to match up the corresponding tabs. I personally prefer the labels to be on the tab itself.This is a product that should not be overlooked! For my entire life, I was using the cardstock dividers and later, inexpensive plastic dividers that were quite impressive. I found that these were not easily found so I switched to simply using file folders cut to size and punched holes in them. Not a good solution but easy to locate. Then the opportunity came along that offered these outstanding Wilson Jones Dividers! They are transparent and will never wear out in my lifetime! And there is a template available that enables a person to print the tabs directly on their inkjet printer! I love 'em! These are "eight tab" dividers and five sets are nicely packaged in a sturdy package. Thes have to be one of the best stationery items I have ever encountered! Highly recommended! I guarantee that once you see these, you'll feel the same way as I do.These dividers are super thick and durable, yet still flexible/bendable. I was pleasantly surprised by them!There are 8 dividers per set(along with a clear cover and a clear paper protector sheet). The tabs alternate between 5 colors, though the dividers are still transparent.These are great, sturdy dividers!These are high quality dividers and you get so many in this pack that it makes the price well worth it.No matter what purpose you have for these tabs, they are very good. Out of the box they are very well organized and seperated into 5 packets. Each pack comes with a clear cover. The cover is not as strong as the tab covers. They are made of a lighter material. It will do the job to protect your work, but would have preferred them to be as strong and as clear as the first clear tab. There are 8 multiple colored tabs. 1 orange, 1 white, 2 green, 2 yellow and 2 blue. In the back is a clear folio flap. They're all 3 hole punched and it comes with a white sheet template to help create the perfect typed tabs. There is no cutting out and placing tabs into a slot. You place the tab index at the back of the document. It's debateble whether or not I am a big fan of this. I do not want to see all the titles as I flip through the document, but there is an advantage to this and they're still very well organized. There are free templates for the tabs that can be downloaded at their website. They're available in Word or online, in portroit and landscape view.For the price whether online or in the store, this is a great value for a 5 pack. I've never used Wilson Jones products before and I definitely will likely use their products again.These dividers with tabs are of very nice quality. And the different colors definitely helps. But the main problem you may have with this is the fact that you have to label the tabs with a pen (or a printout). I guess you could place a paper sticker on the tab, but it was more for you to write on it. And it you use an erasable ink, then it will come off on your hands. If you use a permanent ink, then you won't be able to change it later.So knowing that, choose wisely. If you'd like to be able to change the titles on the tabs over time, this is probably not the best one for you to use. For everyone else, this will work well.These transparent dividers are a perfect addition for those big binders students need for college classes.  Loose-leaf hand-outs and other flyers are easily protected and easily accessible this way.  The plastic makes these harder to rip from the holes, too.  The colored tabs make these easier to divide by topic.The size is a standard binder size, so these dividers don't stick out from the rest of the binder and create a bulky appearance.I am using these products as a work to create a recipe book.  I love the fact that the tabs are big and easy to write on with my Sharpie.  Once set, they don't smear or smudge.  However, I can clean them off to make changes, fix errors.  I also like that I can write on the divider itself in the same way.  I have been adding an index on the actual divider in some cases.  These work great and the fact that you get 5 sets means you can tackle bigger projects without running out!  I have used 2 sets in my recipe books so far!In my teaching of classes I use dividers to keep my lecture notes together and handy.  Well, this set of dividers has not only changed the way you use dividers, it creates a better system.  On line they have templates for creating the labels of subjects which you can print with your computer.  The heavy duty divider pages are great for notebooks whether they are 1&#34; or 3&#34;.  Great item for those who are in school or are teaching.These transparent dividers come in a huge pack of five sets and each set contains eight tabs. I love that each divider has it's own color like orange, green, light blue, dark blue and yellow. It's not just the tab that is colorful, it's the entire divider. The dividers are thick and strong but are still crystal clear. These are awesome for presentations, training manuals and for book reports as well. The price is fair when you consider that there are five complete sets of eight in this package. In addition each set includes a cover sheet and a title page holder. They have online templates that you can use with Word or WordPerfect for putting together your headers / title pages  The complete set is very professionalI really like the high quality of these view tabs with transparent dividers.  For a lot of my work, I will want to be dividing it up into logical sections.  The small school-type tabs that have simple paper inserts are way not what I had in mind.  The Wilson Jones version of tabs are perfect for what I need.One thing I like about them, apart and aside from the durability factor, is that if I want I can continually change the title pages and tabs when the need arises.  There are five sets in this box, plenty for the workplace setting and more than enough for my research purposes.I&#8217;ve checked out the templates that are offered and the options are more than enough to suit most needs.  You can work in landscape or portrait mode.  You can download templates into Word or you can customize and print them out.  I liked the assortment of templates, from fun ones to professional.I love the colors, which are slightly different from the standard ones around.  They are just eye-catching enough for personal use, but not overly done and can be used professionally for presentations.  I have yet to decide my tab titles and pick the designs, but am way pleased with everything about these sets.WILSON JONES:Wilson Jones View-Tab Transparent DividersWilson Jones WorkStyle Erasable-Tab Index DividersWilson Jones Cut and Sewn Binder, Round RingsWilson Jones WorkStyle Cut and Sewn Round Ring BinderWilson Jones Minute Book, Bound, Locking SpineWilson Jones Ring Ledger Sheets, 5 x 8.5 InchesWilson Jones 362 Basic Round Ring View BinderWilson Jones ColumnWrite Columnar PadWilson Jones 812 Telephone Address Book, Round RingWilson Jones Ring Ledger Binder, 1 Inch Capacity, 5.5 x 8.5 Inch Size, BlueWhat can I say?  I'm a geek for cool office supplies.  Having worked in corporate jobs for all of my adult life, plain white tabs and labels and binders and everything can get pretty boring.  I love these colored tabs!  They make my boring corporate job just a little brighter.  Work great!I like the finished look of this product - it's easy to switch out the sections of the report or class binder by reprinting the final page the tabs are actually on. the downside is an oversize document (or one sliding out) will block all the lines, so this is really best for presentation and sales books, not high school binders. Great for office use.So nice that a company has taken the time and put in the effort to look at simple dividers and make a product that works well in just about all situations. These indeed are &#34;premium, [and] innovative&#34; as advertised. The website has excellent templates to make the dividers useful in home and office binders, and there are creative ideas as well to make your project unique. Highly recommended.I love the idea behind these - no more paper tabs to slide in, no more stickers to put on and pull of. With just a simple print out (or you can even hand write it), the tab headers stay visible and are easy to change. The dividers themselves are very sturdy, and not likely to tear out of the binders even with tons of use. Even with the durability, they are light weight, and the colors are pretty bright without being too bright or distracting. These are perfect for professional use, or school and every day use. This packet includes 5 sets of 8, and each set is hooked together in the package so you don't easily lose any of them until ready to use.These are well made and nicely packaged.  There are 5 sets in the box and they're kind of bundled together in packets which is good if you have people rifling through the supply closet looking for stuff.  The trouble I had was the template just did not work for me.  It was too frustrating to try and figure out what I was doing wrong so I just wrote the darn tab labels.  For a professional project, good luck getting the labels to line up with the tabs.I have wanted to do a project for several years as I got more and more buried under paperwork. I do machine embroidery and one company, Embroidery Library, is very generous with free designs. I have always printed off the page showing the design so that I wouldn't lose track of the designs I had. Well I ended up with a huge stack of papers, but with no way to punch holes in the papers until a month ago when I got to reviewSwingline Commercial Electric Punch, 3 Holes, 8 1/2 Inch Centers, 28 Sheets (74535). It was terrific for putting the holes in the papers. But then how do I sort them all and keep them divided by category as just the Christmas designs was a stack over an inch thick? Well again I got to review something that worked wonderfully well and it was these dividers.Instead of writing on actual tabs and then realizing you wrote things wrong and need to start over and then you end up with a mess and not enough tabs. This system works so well because you can print the 'tab' headings on one piece of paper through your printer. You can get the file to use to set up the page at the website listed on the packaging. The packaging also tells you how to set it up yourself, but I was a bit to lazy to try that. So I printed out the tabs I needed. Since I had such a huge stack, I ended up using 2 sets, which equaled 16 tabs. I'm not sure that I have the divisions the way I want them, but it is nice to know that I can just make up new tabs as needed. At that point, I popped everything into thisWilson Jones Heavy Duty D-Ring View Binder with Extra Durable Hinge, 3-Inch, White (W385-49WPP2)and I was good to go. I opened and closed the binder multiple times while sorting the papers and never had a bit of trouble and the D rings help to keep all the papers sitting in a nice stack when not being used, instead of being bent on the circle rings that most binders have.All told with the help of three Amazon Vine review products, I was able to tackle a project that had been on the back burner for a long time. I was very happy with all of these products.I received these through the Amazon Vine program, and I'm glad I did!  They offer more versatility than I could have expected!  Besides 5 sets of tabbed dividers, they've included some page protectors that can be used for  a listing of the contents of each section.For example, I do a lot of baking.  One (1-inch) notebook is dedicated to Breads.  Inside, there are separate listings for Quick Breads, Yeast Breads, with subsections for: Breakfast specialties; Loaves, Rolls and Buns; Special Artisan types; multigrain and whole grains; possible additions (with a sub-subsection for herbs, spices, nuts, fruits and veggies you can add!).  Techniques used for baking breads(quick rise, using the oven for a  proofing chamber, etc.); and a listing of other resources not included in this notebook.I can find quickly any recipe I need.  Other notebooks will include soups, salads, casseroles, dressings, etc.  I'm not finished with the organization yet, so there could be changes...which you can make on your divider sheets by simply erasing the one to be changed with a tiny bit of alcohol, which dries quickly and you can write your new info on that tab immediately. I can't do that with most of my older style index tabs.I do recommend these highly, and when my set is used up, I'll get more.I am working on creating a recipe book for my kids for when they move out. These tabs are perfect for that. I love that I can print right on them from the computer as well.Wilson Jones hit it out of the ballpark with the View-Tab Transparent Dividers.  Sold in a package of 5 sets of 8-Tabbed dividers, it's a breeze to assemble what you need quickly.  Just use the online template to create a sheet of your tab names and print it, thereby allowing you to view each tab from the rear sheet without actually writing, printing or sticking adhesive labels on the physical dividers.  For me, the only weakness is that unless a reversed page is created for the front of the binder, the identification of the tab requires an additional step to figure out.  The curve of each tab is more comfortable for me than angular tabs and I really love being able to also have a clear view at the first page beneath each divider.  This opens the door to creativity in designing the pages.  I'm certain these will hold up well and am also impressed at the affordability when these are purchased in a package of 5.  I also really like the colors.I hate paper binder dividers.  I hate having to write on each tab, I hate having them rip by mistake, I hate putting labels on them to make them look better but not having the labels line up perfectly...I can go on and on why paper tabs are inferior to these.  Wilson Jones got dividers right:  the tabbed sheets are entirely made of plastic, thus making them much more durable and easier to grab onto and turn through a pile of pages.  And the tab writing issue has been completely thrown out - you just print all your headers on one sheet and put it on the back of the binder - the tabs are see through so you can see your subjects through the tabs on the header sheet.  Brilliant!!  If you're anything like me, you probably won't even need the sheet after a while because you'll memorize the tabs (Algebra - blue, English - red, Science - green, and so forth).With five sets of dividers in here, I'm able to have a set ready to go for my kids school work with some to spare.  This is really a smart dividing system to use.  Highly recommended!I have a set of the 5-tab dividers (also by Wilson Jones, and also free from Vine) which are very useful. If you have more than five subjects or subdivisions to one topic, this will come in handy. The package contains five sets of eight dividers, so you can outfit your staff with nicely organized information, or set up an attractive presentation. Not to mention school-related use!I like these because you don't have to play around with inserting minuscule divider titles into those tiny little tabs. All you need to do is download the Word template from the Wilson Jones site (or save your settings on the site itself) and then type in your headings. Then you can print a sheet of paper with the headings listed down one side, slip the header sheet into the clear pocket that goes behind your topic sections, and voila!Not only does this look neat, but you can use these for another project later. All you have to do is type up another topics page.These plastic dividers are much sturdier than the paper dividers of yore. You'll have them for a long time.I wish I had these when my kids where in grammar/high school. I would have been able to provide them with one set in 1st grade and it would have lasted until senior year.If you're hyper-organized, or if your job involves using these, or if you're the parent of a schoolkid, this is a good purchase.They are very durable - the whole page is plastic, not just the tab. They look great - very nice colors and look professional. I love how you print the tab names on a page, and you can see through the tabs to find the correct divider. This works great if your notebook isn't too full. Otherwise it's a little awkward trying to line up the dividers with the paper key when it's so  bulky.I'm picky about my dividers and I've always loathed the little paper tabs you have to jam into the colored divider tabs to act as labels.  This solves the problem by put the written labels on a sheet in the back.  Brilliant.I really like this product. If you have to do a presentation, then this is the product for you. It keeps your information very organized, and easy to find.Very well made and sturdy, these are excellent dividers.  The problem for me is that they are plastic.  Using these made me truly appreciate paper dividers.  That these are more mylar than cellophane didn't really help.Your mileage may varyThat's right, folks, the days of fumbling with diminutive pieces of paper labels trying to feed them through the tiny slits of traditional tab inserts -- surely an exercise in digital dexterity for those of us with nubby fingers -- is over! With Wilson Jones' Tab system, all you do is type in your labels into a "tab strip" in a Word template file, print it on regular letter size paper, insert it into a letter size sheet insert behind the divider tabs -- and you're done. So quick and easy. Revolutionary!(The template file can be downloaded at the Web address provided in the package.)The sheets/tabs are made with fairly thick and rigid plastic that appears to be very durable.The only downside is that each divider tab and sheet is a one-piece construction, which means the tab cannot be moved. So you can't customize the order of tab colors. You're stuck with clear, light green, blue, yellow orange, green, yellow, blue. I would have prefered if Wilson Jones had included like-colored tabs with different tab positions (e.g. red - first tab position, red - second tab position, green - first tab position, green - second tab position, and so on). That way, the user can simply collate the tabs into a specific order of colored tabs. (Hence, only 4 stars).In addition, some of the tab positions on the template file are a little off (too far left). The fix is easy enough. On the tabs that are too far left, I simply pad the labels with spaces before I typed in the text for the labels.Despite a couple of complaints, I'd have to give Wilson Jones props for the ingenious Tab system that makes editing and changing tab labels so satisfyingly quick and easy! If you don't mind the pre-ordered tab colors, I think you'll like these tabs.My husband and I are in a band and we changed up our music books to be songs from singers. Makes it so much easier to go to Willie Nelson when they ask for a Willie song. Great idea :)I&#8217;m not entirely sure what I was expecting when I selected these tab dividers, but I was definitely pleasantly surprised.  This is not just a set of basic dividers; it is 5 sets of 8 transparent dividers.  Instead of inserting a subject heading on a little piece of paper in the tab, there is a sleeve for a title page.  Include the subject headings on it, and they will show up through the transparent dividers.  I&#8217;m lazy and will probably just write my subject headings on a piece of paper, but if you want to look really professional, you can use either the Wilson Jones on-line template or your own word processing program to create your title page.  These seem to be primarily designed for business use, but they could be quite helpful for keeping students organized as well.Great thinking outside the box.  Now you don't have to write on each tab, cut and insert them one by one.  All you need in a single page that shows all the tabs.  The template (chose View-Tab Dividers 8-Tab Landscape) available online is very easy to create.This is a lot of dividers, 5 sets with 8 dividers each.  The pages are color coded and super strong.These are very nice, durable dividers and they are perfect for my purpose. They are actually designed for business use but I am writing a book and I just needed something to separate my typewritten chapters in a three-ring notebook.The benefit here is that the tabs themselves aren't labeled. They are transparent (different colors) with a master sheet, (cardboard), behind them and *that* is labeled for business use: research, budget, marketing, sales, technology, forecast, earnings, and summary.I simply flipped the cardboard over and labeled it as I wished, (in chapters). So you could use the dividers for any purpose. You could even write on the tabs themselves with a Sharpie if you wished,These dividers are really nice heavy plastic that is not going to break or tear if you drop your notebook -- very high quality and attractive.Highly recommended!I don't know why I haven't seen this before.  (Maybe I did, but it didn't register) This is a clever twist on the divider concept, in that instead of fiddling around with printing out labels you then have to past on divider tabs, or worse... insert inside divider tabs, you instead label a sturdy sheet of paper which you then put behind the translucent tabs.This means that all the labels are always showing --because the index sheet is in the back -- and you can easily reuse the dividers by switching out the one sheet in the back.What I LOVE--8 tabs on sturdy plastic dividers.--the tabs are attractively curved--there are 5 sets in this bundle and each set has a plastic clamp which keeps the sets together neatly.  [I think we've all worked in offices where when you go to the supply cabinet all you can find are 7 of the 8 tabs, and three of those are the same color. arrgh)QUIBBLE--online template use takes some fiddlingI love this idea. I love that the dividers are grouped together, and I think having the one sheet at the back is an easier alternative to seeing my messy writing on the type of tabs you can write on, or the types of tabs you either have to type out or print out and insert or stick.My son loves these. No more tiny inserts to write on. You can print off on a single sheet of paper and be done. Seem to hold up well too.For school, work, or personal organizing, these dividers make for a clear (pun intended) and concise presentation.Sturdy yet flexible dividers make the contents of any binder easy to navigate.The company even supplies a header template via their website, printable in Word and WordPerfect, as well as detailed instructions on how to do it without the template.For those of us weary over stuffing tabs into tiny slots, this clear-view format is easier and, in my opinion, has a cleaner, more streamlined look.Unfortunately, the more senior you get in an organization the more style seems to be valued over substance.  That probably explains some of the hair brain decisions that get made by large bureaucracies, but I digress.These dividers are unique, functional, innovative, and extremely professional looking.  I used them in a report that I submitted, and was shocked (and annoyed), that my management spent more time focused on how nicely the report looked and was put together, than on the actual content of my report.  Good for Wilson Jones (the makers of these dividers), and bad for the future of my organization.Whether you are a student or a cubicle drone, you should try these dividers on your next project or report.  They are sure to impress your supervisor, teacher, or professor.  If your experience is anything like mine was, they'll act like you just solved all of your organizations problems and spend half the meeting ogling this new office innovation.Get them while they are hot.  I see these becoming very commonplace, but in the meantime, you can be a trend setter.If you are someone who works in an office, or works for someone else, or you are a super organized person, or need to be better organized &#8211; then these are an excellent way to improve your organization and keep your work easy to see and access.These WilsonJones tabbed dividers are made of sturdy, lightly colored plastic that you can see through. In this particular package, there are 5 SETS and each set has 8 tabbed dividers plus a white title page that you can use. Or better yet, you can go to the WilsonJones online website for free and print your own title page. The title page fits behind the last tabbed divided so that you can see through the tabs and know where each section begins.The only problem with this package was that out of 5 sets, 3 were damaged during production. On each of the three damaged sets, a divider was cut off leaving no tab for that particular divider. These were not broken off in packing, they were cut off in production &#8211; clean cut edges with no broken pieces in the package.So, if you purchase these, check them out and perhaps be prepared to return them for an undamaged package.The dividers I grew up with (soon after the invention of fire and the wheel) were thin manila paper with colored tabs adhered on the edge. You typed or wrote the section name on the included perforated labels (the FIRST time you used them dividers) and painstakingly inserted the tiny slips of paper into the narrow tabs.Wilson Jones has reinvented the divider and done a great job of it. These dividers are plastic: flexible, tough, lightweight. The tab is just an extension of the sheet itself. But here's the cool part: instead of labeling each individual tab, you print a master list that fits into the back of your binder, the dividers go between the pages to be divided, and you can see the name of the division through the colored transparent tab. Just look at the picture. In this case, a picture is worth 1000 words.It's a great innovation. And for someone who loves office supplies, and craves organization, these are a no-brainer. My problem now is whether to use these to organize rescue dog information, or &#34;building new house&#34; information. Maybe another package of dividers is needed!Unconditionally recommended.Sturdy and professional looking these dividers fit the bill for a gamut of uses. They are far nicer than any I have ever used before (but their price tag also reflects that) I would recommend them for business or home usage and also for school during the older years. The colors are crisp and the pages feel like they will last for years of use. I personally am not highly keen on the template that lines up with the tabs which took me away from giving them a 5 star rating.Wilson Jones invented the three-ring binder, so the company&#8217;s product line dovetails with such binders.  Hence the tab dividers for binders.I cannot live without dividers in my binders and over the years I&#8217;ve probably tried almost every type of divider known to man.  And, to label the dividers, I&#8217;ve written on them, pasted stickers on them, inserted folded card stock (that promptly fell out). You name it.Now Wilson Jones has come up with something pretty creative.  When you buy the company&#8217;s standard (but high quality) colorful plastic tab dividers, you will discover that they do not come with labels to affix to the divider, nor are you expected to write directly on the tab. Instead, you print out an 8.5 x 11 sheet of paper with your labels for each tab running down the side. You insert the sheet of paper into the provided plastic document holder and voila, the appropriate printed label lines up perfectly (well, almost&#8230;see below) under each tab divider.That means you can easily reuse the dividers without have to scrape off a previously affixed label or without having to paint white-out over something you wrote. You just print out a new page with new labels.On the Wilson Jones website you will find a template you can use to type your labels and print out the sheet of paper for the document holder.  It was much easier than I expected.My only quibble is that I had to make some small adjustments to the format of the page containing the labels.  Wilson Jones provides the templates in Word or PDF format.  The PDF template required quite a bit more rearranging of text than did the Word template.  For example, the PDF template left half the label on my printer drum.  The Word template simply required a few extra spaces here and there.  Of course, once you make the adjustments, you can simply save the file and reuse it endlessly.I really like these Tab Dividers.  I think it's really great to be able to buy multiple sets in 1 single purchase.  This listing comes with 5 sets of tab dividers.  Each set has 8 tabs.  I buy some many of these for my kids for school so I like this option of being able to purchase in bulk.These tabs are a bit different in the sense that your titles for each tab isn't actually on each tab. It's printed off on a standard sheet of paper that is inserted into an included protective sleeve that goes into the back of your binder. The tabs are transparent so you are just reading the titles through the actual tab. It's different but nice. It's really easy to create and print these out. You can simply go to the Wilson Jones website and input your info there to print out or you can follow the easy-to-follow directions included with this set to do this in Microsoft Word or WordPerfect. Not only can you print out the Title Page for your tabs but you can also print out a Table of Contents that goes in the front of your binder behind the included protective cover.These dividers work great in any size binder.  The title pager holder has a section that unfolds when you are using binders greater than 2".  This makes the titles extend further so you can read them at all times regardless of the binder size.  This is a really helpful feature.I find this to be a very durable set that you should be able to use over and over. Especially since you can reprint the Tab Titles or Table of Contents at any given time.The tabs are described as Square but they are still rounded at the edge as you can see in the pictures. I like the size and shape.I really like this 5 pack of tab dividers and I would highly recommend them.These are the best designed and sturdiest  dividers I have seen. The cost also reflects this quality.  I would LOVE for Wilson Jones to make these with pockets in them, then they would be absolute pure perfection.Thick plastic, these should stand up to the abuse doled out by my family members.I had no problem with the template,  and I LOVE that they do not make you create an account in order to download them.  If you want to preview them just google &#8220;Wilson Jones templates&#8221; and follow the link, you can test out how easy they are before you buy.These are nice, sturdy plastic dividers that you can see through.  I like to put a cover page behind each tab so I can see info about each section.8 tabs per set, 5 sets per box, for a total of 40 divider tabs.Wilson Jones' product support is great too - they have nice templates to use with the dividers, and provide both portrait and landscape templates.  Each template can be customized and changed according to what you want to do with it.  Fun and easy to use.I file just about everything: receipts, bills, recipes, child's work, my lesson plans, etc. so these transparent dividers are a must-have at my home. This boxed set is especially useful as it comes with 5 sets containing 8 tabs each (I usually have to buy them separately). This makes it very convenient for those who need more for extensive filing purposes.Each set comes with 8 multi-colored poly tabs, 1 plastic cover sheet (premium quality, not the cheap easily-ripped kind), and these dividers can be adjusted to either fit binders larger than 2 inches or less than 2 inches. Each set also comes with detailed instructions on how to format title pages and table of contents. Final verdict: An excellent value considering there are 5 sets in each box.These are nice and easy to keep track of.  All payments are recorded on under page so you can't go wrong.always need a receipt book so get this one. speedy delivery plus it goes in the big safe I bought and I always have a receipt when needed.This product is great for what is made for. I bought is and I want something a little different - we will use up what we bought some day some way. Be sure this is really what you are looking for It is best used with a rent transaction. Hard to find just what you need with such a little picture and not being able to read what is says. This is a book for cash transaction for rent not cash in general.this saves me from buying often and its just the same as the long ones 33 sheet and no need for the blue paperMy wife wanted these.  She used about 4, forgot to put the paper in between to prevent carbon from going on every page, then she left them in the car where they got soaked from snow on shoes.  I'm a little bitter she didn't take of them, so I really have no clue.I love carbon copy receipts. I keep one, tenant gets another Its the best way to do receipts. Worth the purchase and priced right'We always use this for the office. Very good quality and the cheapest that you can find. We love themNothing to really review. It is the exact receipt book you have seen a hundred times at various places. Nothing exceptional to report.Forget black carbon sheets or writing out stuff twice.If you just need a quick receipt and don't wanna click, select, click click select, print, spool, queue, printer ink empty, then just whip this out and write it out.It gets down to the point without endless useful info.  Name? Check.  Amount? check. Pay to? Check. Sign? Check.The only problem is if you write too hard you may lightly write the same info onto the 2nd sheet of receipt,so either write lighter or use a thicker cardboard (not corrugated).I think this booklet will last a lifetime since I rarely write receipts and my ink gets shipped here within 2 days via Amazon Prime.  But yeah get this for your business whether you deliver papers or control a multi-national.  Bye.I bought a new home office chair that turned out to have an uncomfortable seat. I bought this cushion, thinking it would be as comfortable as my memory foam mattress. Not close. Not only was there no noticeable change in comfort, this pad is unusually small--not really standardized for the average work or dining chair. I suppose they have to size it to fit the smallest seat, but it really missed the mark.Before this, I used a gel cushion for 3 years. I sit a lot  and figure theres no reason why I shouldn't use a cushion so I always tend to have one at my job, office, or on the floor. Foam is much different than gel. If you're trying to choose between gel or foam, you'll have to do a lot more research elsewhere. If you're trying to choose between this foam seat cushion or another, just go with this one.It is comfortable. The design is nice. The back tapers of to better sit inside a chair while the rest of it provides uniform support. The protective cover is removable, washable, and has a rubber bottom to prevent sliding. Not much more to be said.Take a long hard look at the type of chair the Kensington Memory Foam Seat Rest is placed on in the picture (wished I had) because if you have a large Boss or Executive type desk/office chair, this cushion is way too small and thus why so many reviewers complained about circulation being cut off and being uncomfortable after sitting on it for any length of time.  The reason for the mixed reviews is because there are so many variables and what works for one person doesn't work for another. I am not sensitive to chemical odors and have noticed no unusual chemical odor coming from the cushion from the day it arrived or today more than a week since I opened the packaging. However, when I first sat down on the cushion, I thought it was going to add padding that my still attractive but older desk chair no longer provides.  The memory foam compresses and the cushion is almost as uncomfortable as the now worn chair padding.  Rather than returning it, I will try using the cushion in the driver's seat of my car for extra height and padding and if that doesn't work, it will be used for a cushion on my husband's transport wheelchair as he does not sit in it for any great length of time.I have had the cushion for several days now and the relief I have gotten while sitting at my desk is absolutely amazing! I am 68 and have several degenerated discs in my lower back. Normally, after as little as 15 minutes of sitting WITHOUT the cushion, pain would start to set into my lower back, my tush and somewhat into my legs. Now, with using the cushion I can sit for an hour or more and experience ABSOLUTELY NO PAIN!!This a really great product and I strongly recommend it.I used to take sitting for granted, it was solely a position to be assumed without much thought one way or the other in order to read, eat, watch TV, drive, work, or just cease standing. But in the last year or two, now a little older, slightly arthritic, a bit curved in the spine, the mindless joy of sitting had become a time-limited ordeal of growing pain.  K-Mart cushions helped a bit while changing chairs was solely a brief diversion providing relief only insofar as the pain location changed from one spot to another.Enter the Kensington Memory Foam Seat Cushion, an aesthetically pleasing, sleek addition to any chair or car seat that soothes even as it does not scream 'durable medical equipment.'  Think of it as orthotics for the butt, bringing the chair up to meet one's increasingly asymmetric sit bones.  Supports the pelvis and spine without being so squashy as to encourage a downward implosion of vertebrae on their adjacent mates below.If you cannot sit, you must buy it!I have seen several incredibly comfortable office chairs for about $25.  Who would pay this for a chair pillow?I'm 5'10", 215, and have owned this seat cushion before there were any reviews (about 3 years). This cushion does NOT flatten out even with sitting on it every day, and is VERY comfortable. The difficulty I had was cleaning the memory foam because the slip cover isn't liquid resistant. I just ordered the new Double Wondergel just because it's easier to clean.Wondergel Doublegel Gel Seat Cushion NEW ModelWhen I first pulled this out of the package and sat on it,, I hated it.  It felt like I was sitting on a brick.  I decided to give it a chance, and now I like it, although it is much harder than my last cushion.  It does not provide good support, but don't expect to sink into this cushion!I ordered this specifically for a &#34;lost in America&#34; road trip that my husband and I were taking this summer. I knew that without a good seat cushion, my bottom and my back were really going to suffer. This cushion kept me comfortable throughout the whole trip!The longest driving day was about 11 hours, the shortest around 5...over 53 days. This cushion performed perfectly, keeping me comfy and pain-free. When I first got it, it did put me higher in the seat than I was accustomed to, but I quickly adjusted. I did NOT use this while driving...just as a passenger. And after all those miles and across almost two full months, the cushion did not compress, tear, deform, etc. It was well worth the price.I still keep the cushion in the car and use it any time I'm a passenger! LOVE it!Geez, I can't believe how hard this cushion is!  Even my husband said it was too hard to use.  For the price, it should be a better cushion for someone who needs one that is soft and supportive.  Thinking of sending back.Great but wears out over time.  I think 6 months is about right.  I am 5'8 at 210, still feels flat since I bought it now.This is the 3rd one I have ordered and it is fantastic. The only negative is the price which is a bit high for a cushion. However,  my behind is worth it and I would not hesitate to buy another one.I really should have returned it earlier.  It is like sitting on a rock and hurts like heck.  I don't recommend this for anyone but a featherweight...and yes like everyone else mine says in bold letters ASTAR.  At first it was good but as the weeks go on it gets worse i.e. harder and harder.  Stay AWAY.I missed the part that said this pad is 2&#34; thick. That would be OK for a chair with adjustable height. Unfortunately, my chair does not adjust, and the cushion does not compress much. So my feet do not touch the floor and I cannot get my knees under my desk. Too bad because the cushion was comfortable.and it comes up a good deal.  No, this little guy is not your 1970 prep-school notebook.  It isn't specificallly designed as a ledger, an attorney's diary, or a government-meeting minutes book.  Just lines and a cheap cover, although in the traditional marbled black.  But it's one-third of list, for heaven's sake!  It isn't what it used to be, but what is?You've got 100 pages of white ruled paper, suitable for taking and keeping college notes (wish I had), or for quiet cafe sitting when inspiration strikes -- especially if you have nothing to prove (an artist or writer flaunting a Franklin Covey-type leatherbound diary is probably neither).  You can rip out a page with impunity if you want to give someone your phone number.  Take it or leave it, but if you want to save part of a tree branch you can get, for about twice as much money, a "New Leaf" composition book, 30% recycled.  And there's nothing wrong with that, either.Now, pass the electrician's tape and let's commit posterity!I have mead books from my son's Kindergarten class.  These books can take a lot of banging about and don't lose their binding or let sheets of paper go. The covers aren't flimsy and can take a full year of being in the backpacks and then strewn around the house.  They are sturdy and reliable and good value.  We don't buy any other brand of composition book - these ones always do the trick.I went to buy these at the store and was a little surprised at the cost and since I needed one for each class I was teaching this ended up being a terrific deal.  Mead composition books are very durable and sturdy.  The pages are not easy to rip out and they don't become crushed as easily as the softer notebooks do.  I know these are mostly used for children but I find them quite useful for carrying around and logging my ideas done so I don't forget them later (yes a big old notebook of wide paper used for elementary students is what I used as a grad student to keep track of ideas for potential research!).The "original" old Mead Composition Book is a classic. But recently Mead changed the Composition Book so that it's now worthless. The paper seems like it isn't 100% pure quality tree paper so it's not as smooth to write on, the cover is a messy "plastic-type" cardboard, the black tape comes off in 3 months. I hate these things now.I bought 50 of these "new type" Mead Composition Books and the 10 new ones that I still have left, have rotted and the black tape has warped and come off. The 40 that I used up with writing, have also rotted and the black tape has come off. It's a real mess if you store them in old bookshelves. Some are made in India or Brazil and none are no longer made in the USA. The USA ones were the absolute best, with real tree paper, not "plastic-wax type" mesh waste paper, and real tree cardboard covers.If you need fairly adequate paper to write on, get Japanese Stationery (ex: Apica Notebooks), Rhodia, Rediform DaVinci Notebooks, Leuchtturm Notebooks, Black n' Red Notebooks, or Clairefontaine, they're very good and of high quality. The paper is of a high standard.Also, Moleskine Cahier Large Ruled Notebook (set of 3) and Writersblok Medium Ruled Notebook (set of 3), are good substitutes, of higher quality, for the Mead Black Composition Book if you're a writer like I am. It costs more but if you're a writer who needs decent paper to write on, it's well worth it.If you're just using the Mead Black Composition Book for school notes, doodling or odd ends, it's at least useable with a good pen.The "original" old Mead Composition Book didn't need to be changed. Bring it back.Rhodia Staplebound Black Graph Notebook 3 X 4Moleskine Ruled Cahier Journal Kraft Large: set of 3 Ruled JournalsWritersblok Medium Notebook, Ruled, Pack of 3, 5.5 x 8.25-Inches (WB801)The "original" old Mead Composition Book is a classic.  But recently Mead changed the Composition Book so that it's now worthless.  The paper seems like it isn't 100% pure quality tree paper so it's not as smooth to write on, the cover is a messy "plastic-type" cardboard, the black tape comes off in 3 months.  I hate these things now.I bought 50 of these "new type" Mead Composition Books and the 10 new ones that I still have left, have rotted and the black tape has warped and come off.  The 40 that I used up with writing, have also rotted and the black tape has come off.  It's a real mess if you store them in old bookshelves.  Some are made in India or Brazil and none are no longer made in the USA.  The USA ones were the absolute best, with real tree paper, not "plastic-wax type" mesh waste paper, and real tree cardboard covers.If you need fairly adequate paper to write on, get Japanese Stationery (ex:  Apica Notebooks), Rhodia, Rediform DaVinci Notebooks, Leuchtturm Notebooks,  Black n' Red Notebooks, or Clairefontaine, they're very good and of high quality.  The paper is of a high standard.Also, Moleskine Cahier Large Ruled Notebook (set of 3) and Writersblok Medium Ruled Notebook (set of 3), are good substitutes, of higher quality, for the Mead Black Composition Book if you're a writer like I am.  It costs more but if you're a writer who needs decent paper to write on, it's well worth it.If you're just using the Mead Black Composition Book for school notes, doodling or odd ends, it's at least useable with a good pen.The "original" old Mead Composition Book didn't need to be changed.  Bring it back.Rhodia Staplebound Black Graph Notebook 3 X 4Moleskine Ruled Cahier Journal Kraft Large: set of 3 Ruled JournalsWritersblok Medium Notebook, Ruled, Pack of 3, 5.5 x 8.25-Inches (WB801)These are great for any kind of laboratory note taking.  I have several for each different product or subject.  Most economically priced on here.I like to doodle and write in my spare time so I try to keep a few of these handy just in case. The paper quality is thin and the overall constuction of the book is kind of flimsy. But the price is pretty low and since I'm not using these to turn in a report or anything like that, it serve it's purpose.It's probably best to use pencil instead of ink since the ink will bleed through the thin paper. I do recommend this item because of the low price but only if you are just going to use it to take notes or do some scribbling, otherwise choose a higher-quality composition book.I purchase these notebooks to keep project notes. I put them them in our server room so that my staff can keep logs in one place. They are not fancy, but they do the job and are inexpensive.With prime shipping buying one to try it out is cheap and simple. I don't know how amazon can ship one to me and not lose money. They limited me to buying 10 at a time, seems strange they would do this, but with prime shipping I don't care how they want to package things.If you don't like black, and are willing to pay a bit more, these are available in other colors. I use a different color book for various project notes.I used these during my last semester and really enjoyed them. This semester I grabbed a cheap one on campus and it has been very annoying. The pages are stuck together, the paper might as well be see-through too&#8230; I will purchase more of these next time.These are nice notebooks and worth the money!I think Mead changed the cardboard cover. I remember back in the days, when these things were hard to destroy. The one I got seemed to be more environmental friendly. The cover appears to be not as sturdy as the ones back in the days. Aside from this minor issue, you really can't screw up a book with blank pages, can you?Okay, it's $1.30 marble book. It is what it is and does what it is supposed to do. However, I remember what a marble book was back in the day, and this thing cannot hold a candle to one of these from the 1950's. Those had thick hard covers and were much sturdier. But like everything else that is made today, the quality is there, but barely.These Mead notebooks are wonderful.  They are stout, inexpensive and hold together nicely.  I say inexpensive but be aware you can pay a ton for these little gems if you are not careful.  My vendor through Amazon ran about $1.66 each including shipping.  They can be found at great bargain prices if you check all of Amazon's vendors.This item arrived just as described and was a great price compared to other sites and land stores.  Mead is still making quality products.  I am pleased with this purchase.Nice looking notebook that has 100 sheets and it is wide ruled. It can be used for any purpose, business or student, for a school or as a personal organizer.Its covers are made of firm cardboard, pages are bound together with firm string and unlike spiral notebooks its pages cannot be torn out. I use it to write down notes on my work and for that purpose they are just great. Additionally, this deal where for 5$ you get five of them is a bargain price.Overall, this is a good and handy notebook that can be recommended for most people.I always buy mead composition book for my kids. The compostion book is strong meaning, the pages is thick enough to write on the both size. The thing I love most about this book is that, when my daughter eraser something from a page, the paper don't rip. It is important for me to buy a compostion book with strong pages because my daughter is in the first grade and she write with pencils and erase alot of stuff. So go ahead and buy it you will not regret it.I have bought this offer in the past, this price is a great value and hope Amazon continues this bargain on a yearly basis. I use about that many in a year to take notes or quotes on the phone, or to jot something down I need to purchase or something I forgot to do. So it keeps all this data in one place, and these are a lot harder to misplace than a piece of paper. When finished I mark the year and the dates, and file them for a year then they go in a box for the commercial shredder.These for the most part are the same thing I used in school years ago. The nice thing is they come in a package from the manufacturing facility so they are sealed and as I am in the middle of one now they will remain in the carton taking up little space and remaining fresh.So be it for the students or anyone else in your home or office a great quality product, that is a being sold at a bargain basement price.Great notebook. My son loved it. Considering he has to carry all of his books it seems light weight. Thanks!My local store charges more than twice the price for the exact same composition books and they usually are out of stock so I was glad to find them at such a great price!Whether as a student, teacher or writer, composition books have served me well through the years. I looked forward to filling each and every one full of ideas, notes, drawings, doodles and even compositions. Memories of the looks on elementary school students's faces when they received their first BIG KID composition book were priceless acknowledgements of this (w)rite of passage.  Those kids could rough them up, the dogs could gnaw and the composition books survived worn and tattered. Just as those days are long gone, so is the quality Mead gave to them. Ranging from the binding tape to the paper and the sturdy cardboard protective covering, the quality is just OK compared to the stellar quality from yesteryear.Composition books were made to be used, stored for years and referred to years later. Don't hold your breath expecting that from these. Built-in obsolescence now resides within these noble Black Marble covers...heavy sigh. One must move on to find another brand to give one back the joy of actually writing. Excuse me while I refill the inkwell for my quill pen and ponder my next move.what can I say - these are as great now as they were when I was a kid and used them in schoolgreat for keeping my diet notes or records related to workI have always loved these notebooks. They hold up well and have quite a bit of paper for keeping notes from class to writing down recipes or knit patterns in. Great price.It is a standard note book. The only drawback is that the sheets tend to bleed through slighlty if an ink peen is used. No such issues with a regular ball point pen though.i ordered these composition booklets for my kids.  they are wide-ruled, essential for children learning to write.  they're only 100 sheets, so, only 99 sheets will be lost in the rainstorm.  the quality of the paper is excellent!  remember it's mead.  i've had papers so thin that they rip apart when you erase writings from them.  that doesn't happen here!  the only negative is that the kids tried using it for homework assignments and, in pulling the sheets out, tore in half their homework.  maybe we'll get something else yet this year and use these when fine motor skills are better developed or when a long d-i-a-r-y might be written.Perhaps we are in the last leg of these notebooks. With all tablets and smartphones are these a dying breed. Hope not. These are high quality and my daughter loves them. Fantastic deal while you get them. Papers are hard, works great with both fountain pens, ballpoint pens and pencils.My family goes through lots of these. My teens use them for journaling and cover them in duct tape, packing tape and pictures. My husband uses them for log books at his jobs and I use them for notes on projects I'm working on and decorate them to give to friends who journal. They are inexpensive, good quality and so easily customized because you can glue paper to the covers, cover them with duct tape or other adhesive products. My favorite thing is to cover them with tape and a picture of some sort and when I tape the spine put a ribbon in it to use as a bookmark. Sometimes I add a hook and loop tape closure to them. Wonderful for crafts and wonderful just for a notebook if you need something that doesn't have perforated pages.Awesome, perfect for back to school.  these have not changed at all since I was a kid.  Now my son will be using them and they have stood the test of time!I used these books in high school and college. I also assign them to my students. If you don't manhandle them, Mead composition books are the best cheap notebook (if you're not going digital) that you will find anywhere, lying flat and not easily tearing or unraveling with wear like a spiral notebook. Sometimes they wear down swiftly, with the cover falling off, but only if you don't treat them carelessly. They come in wide-ruled and college-ruled varities. They are great for academic work or personal journal writing. I recommend them!Just as described.In my opinion, Five Star makes the highest quality, yet still affordable, notebook. The plastic cover is incredibly durable and can withstand a lot of abuse. I find that the spiral spine does bend over time, but it still lasts a while (and a lot longer than some cheaper brands). I like the pockets for holding loose papers on the inside, and the college-ruled paper is less flimsy than other notebooks. There are cheaper products out there, but if you are looking for a notebook that will last, Five Star has you covered.You honestly can't go wrong with a Five Star notebook. I've been buying and using their notebooks for years and I'm always pleased. This one is no exception. It is well made, comes with plenty of paper that stays securely in the notebook. I love the pockets on the inside and the cover is heavy duty. Best of all, the price is right!I sometimes  find it difficult to find college ruled items. For me, I find that college ruled helps me to write much neater, and of course you get more on the page.  What I liked about this product the most was the pockets.  The pockets are made a bit better than some of the others I have had in the past. What I did not like was the perforations in the page were not made well enough to tear the page out easy.  I still had to fold on the perforated line and tear out very gently to get a clean edge on my page. Overall it's a great option.This will hold up well as well as - if not better than - to the banging around it will receive within the backpack because of the polyethylene cover and bleed resistant paper quality. But the feature that we like the most is the storage pockets. This helps the kids remember where they put their homework that is due in class the next day. It eliminates that panicked scramble through the back pack. Awesome!I am not a student, but a professional adult with a bad habit.  I tend to write down important pieces of information, like telephone numbers, on any loose piece of paper I can find.  I know others who do it, so maybe you can relate.  This notebook cames with me everywhere so I know where the information is.  The perforated pages allow me to easily remove it and put it in the file it belongs in,  No more frantic search in the piles of paper on my desk!While this product is very sturdy and contains an inside pocket for loose paper, I find it hard to believe that the original price is nearly $7.00 each.  I would purchase this again IF I was going to use it for classes or to carry from home to other places but it is definitely &#34;overpriced&#34; for what I purchased five of them for, just to make shopping lists and other uses in my home.This is a nice looking notebook. It is a step above other notebooks in that it has a spot for you to be able to put loose papers in into an internal folder. It's almost like a folder/notebook combination. This is very useful for something who mainly just needs a notebook but then wants a place to put a few papers. Great for class. It felt very sturdy. comes in a lot of colors. I would recommend it.Wish the price was better but its great!Five Star Notebooks have always been the quality notebooks since I was going to High School or even Middle School.  They really haven't changed so much, I guess what advancements in engineering a spiral notebook can there really be?The cover is probably the main point of discussion.  It's made from a plastic, flexible material.  This definitely keeps the front of the notebook less susceptible to wear, tear, and damage.. but for some a paper cover is nicer.  You can bend it in half and shove it in your pants like cool people from Saved By the Bell did.  But on the other hand, you can put your sweating beverage on top of this notebook and all is safe!  I like the folders included in the notebook as well, very helpful for handouts or other bits and bobs.  It's a great notebook, so if you wanna pay a little extra for a little extra protection then doooooo iiiiiiiit.As far as notebooks go, this one is great.  I like the perforations on the pages and its very sturdy.the pages are smooth.  Some notebooks have pages that feel rough. I'm currently taking courses after work and I personally find it helpful to have a notebook that is sturdy and helps me organize.  The lines on the pages are not too light and not too dark.All in all, if you're looking for a little treat for yourself, try this notebook.Sure, any old spiral notebook will work fine.  But the Mead 5-stars really are better.  They are more durable, with a flexible plastic front cover, and a wire spiral that doesn't crush easily.  The back cover is just cardboard, but it is sturdy enough that you can write with this notebook on your lap or wherever.  The paper is nice and smooth, and perforated for cleaner tear-outs.  And there is nice little pocket page at the front, to tuck in other papers.A one subject notebook  with sturdy spiral binding.  The pages can be removed due to the perforated edges.  It also has a two sided folder in the front.The price as an add on item is reasonable, and pretty much in line with most retail stores.The quality of the Five Star brand HAS lessened since the late 90s to mid 2000s, but the price has reduced as well.  The cover is nice quality, the paper decent enough.  I have one from a few years ago and the paper is not yellowing.  I wonder if that has to do with humidity?  Unsure.One subject, college ruled, 3 hole punched, pockets for additional papers, and very high quality perforated pages.This notebook contains 100 sheets of college ruled paper. The paper is perforated for easy and neat separation. The paper seems slightly thinner than in the past but still good quality paper that is very consistent. The lines are dark with no fade or missing sections.It has a water resistant plastic cover that can take a lot of abuse. It's thin and lightweight but still very durable. It also has a reinforced page with storage pockets that is nice to have and not all similar notebooks have pockets.Overall this is the type of notebook that I would send to school with my kids. It's durable, high quality and price fairly. What more could you want.If your child has to do &#34;interactive notebooks&#34; that are all the rage in public, private, and homeschools today - get this book. Why? Because the part of the page beyond the tear off edge is 8.5 by 11. This means no more cutting pages to try to get them to &#34;fit&#34; after they are printed, no trying to clip the edges of printed pages of edges, no more trying to crop pictures so they will fit. This will make your life so much easier.Beyond that, the pages are strong - no accidentally tearing a page out of your book. The cover is strong and won't break off in the first week of class. There are side pockets to keep pages that haven't yet been incorporated into the book.I know, it is &#34;just a notebook&#34;, but anyone that has had experience with interactive notebooking knows - it really and truly does matter.This is a 1 subject notebook with 100 sheets of paper and spiral bound. It's not all that different from others you may have seen. The difference is, the cover and back are a bit more durable than what you find at the dollar store so that it doesn't fall apart when being carried around in a book bag. I gave it to my son to use and the cover and back have withstood some of the punishment of being in a book bag.The durability of the paper itself is not anything more than any other notebook. Pages will bend, corners will crinkle, etc. The main advantage you find with this is that it won't fall apart as easy as other ones. It is really up to you if that is worth not buying your notebooks at the dollar store.Great plastic cover and thick cardboard back with quality paper but the best part is the double-side loose paper holder, it makes things so much easier for you.  Many times I have had almost more loose papers than there are papers in the notebook so the reinforced slots really come in handy.  Highly recommended.This is a fine, perfectly utile 100-page notebook, with non-archival quality paper, the kind of thing you rely on for quick use and immediate functionality. I'm not sure how I feel about the trend towards vinyl covers on cheap notepads: does the world really need more plastic? Are our individual consumerist vanities really so important that we need to create more permanent landfill just so our class notes will have a shiny cover? On the other hand, it's kind of cool that the hard plastic shell really does protect the pages, and this proves more durable (and sexy) than the cardboard and clothbound books of my youth. It's a good product - useful and well-made.I'm really pleased with the quality of this notebook, especially for the price! ($3.31 at the time of this review.) You get 100 pages of college-ruled paper, which is perforated so you can cleanly tear out a sheet if need be.  The covers are thick and sturdy, and you even get a couple of reinforced pockets for your loose papers. It is guaranteed for a year of use, or Mead will replace it. Recommended!As noted by a variety of reviewers, when you order this notebook, please know that you will receive a color at random. We ended up with bright white. And, yes, you could end up with a pink one (which, understandably, will not be acceptable for those who require this for a more professional environment).These are just like you remember, so that means to be super careful with the metal spiral. Start playing with that and expect pulls in your clothing and backpack. (I had professors who did not allow these for that reason ... we had to buy marble composition books instead).The pockets are nice ... but as we all know, the do tear pretty quickly.I have been using Mead and Five star binders for so many years I cant remember when I started buying them. Nice ruled paper has a couple of pockets for pens, paper clips, etc...It has a nice solid feel to it when you are caring it.Will be buying in the future!Really like this spiral notebook.  The cover is a kind of plastic, making it sturdier and more long lasting than the ones with paper covers.  There are nice quality folders inside for tucking in loose pieces of paper.  100 sheets.  Great for school or home use. I'd definitely buy more and recommend to students.The cover and backing are very sturdy and look like they'd easily survive a college semester. The inside pockets are convenient and the paper is smooth. I took my favorite writing instruments (Uniball 207, Pilot V5/V7, Blackwing 602, Pentel GraphGear 1000 mechanical pencils) and they all wrote nicely, without bleeding. For students, the Five Star notebooks are terrific.Mead claims the five star college ruled notebook is built strong to last, and it looks as if they are right. I've been using spiral notebooks for years and this item I received looks like it may live up to the hype.First of all the cover surprised me. It does appear to be water resistant, but it is also much stronger than the usual covers, especially the solid back cover. Twice I poured a couple of tablespoons of water on the front covered and the water did not soak in, but wiped up very easily. Although the covers are available in several colors, the one I received is white and has a slick, clean look about it.Although the description said there were four pockets, there were only two - one double-sided storage pocket in the front. It was folded over in such a way that it looked like two more pockets could be within the fold, but there were none - just the two pockets. The pages were the white college-ruled paper we are used to. I've never seen the storage pockets reinforced like this, but appreciate that they look like they will allow usage without tearing.Finally, the no snag Spiral-lock wire running along the left edge was the strongest I've ever seen in any kind of notebook of this type. I can't imagine this notebook coming apart unless someone deliberately tries, and then they would have to be strong to break it down.All in all, a notebook that looks like it could last for quite some time. Mead seems to have tried to think of everything. Except for the two pockets rather than four as advertised, I give this notebook five stars.This is not the first time I have used this product, nor will it be my last time. The top-notch quality is an important feature, for storing important notes, and valuable information. This notebook is built strong, so that it lasts much longer than ordinary thin notebooks. In the past 35 years, I have purchased a variety of notebooks, and this one is the Champ of all.The front cover is water resistant, and it contains 100 sheets of college ruled paper. The paper is good quality, and not too thin. The front has 2 reinforced storage pockets, which is an added bonus to store important notes, or reminders. I have used this product for many projects, and have never been disappointed.Through the years, I've had the terrible experience of notebooks falling apart quickly, which is irritating, and a waste of money. I may pay a little more for the quality, but my important documents and work is worth it. Extremely useful, and highly recommended!This spiral notebook has plain lined paper.  No subject line, etc.  The cover is nice quality and should stand up nicely to heavy use.  I would recommend it.I like the size of this notebook. it has pockets for things and the ruling on the pages is clear and precise.  I do have favorite notebooks that I jot stuff in and although this one is too big to carry in my purse, I use it by my desk.This spiral notebook is perfect for me because I manhandle them, meaning the following. I will grab my notebook when I'm rushing out the door. I flip my notebooks open the way some people open stuck car doors. I get an idea. I rush to put it down, and scramble to find the page where I left off. I don't use umbrellas often, even when it's raining. Too much bother. I always seem to get the last loop of the spiral caught on my sweater or someone else's. I can't stand those wide-ruled notebooks, which make me feel like I'm in 4th grade, and I end up writing larger than I would naturally. This notebook solves these problems:1) The covers are semi-laminated, protects them from water and coffee.2) The 'pockets' are reinforced so I don't rip them when I put too many loose papers in them.3) The pages stay secure thanks to the tight spiral, and open easily without getting caught.4) Both ends of the metal spiral are turned back and attached to the metal: no little paper-clip thin ends to catch onto material.5) "college-ruled"6) Paper isn't cheap and translucent, so the writing on the other side doesn't show through.Now if these notebooks could only automatically improve my handwriting, I'd be really happy with them.keep your life organized with the spiral notebook.  Good for taking notes in meetings or lectures and group meetings. Recommended.I love the plastic cover on these Five star notebooks. I'd choose it above a cardboard cover anytime. It is a lot more durable than a typical notebook.This is a fine college ruled notebook. It is a bit wider than many notebooks, so you can get a little more on each page. The cover seems durable and the binding seems strong. It's handy to have the pockets if your teacher likes to use a few handouts or if you want to stash your finished quizzes and exams. I wouldn't expect to be able to put a ton in those pockets though.It is impossible to simulate the wear and tear of taking a notebook out of a backpack hundreds of times like will happen through the school year, not to mention being squashed in with various books and other notebooks. I think that the covers and the bindings on this notebook will hold up just fine, but I have doubts about the pockets in the built-in folders. They are reinforced with plastic along the top edge of the pockets, but not on the sides. I suspect that over time they will tear on the edges, particularly if you put more than few papers in each pocket. Once the pocket has to stretch it will likely tear over time.This spiral notebook is made better than most. The stronger plastic front cover and reinforced pocket are both upgrades relative to cheaper spiral notebooks. If you need something that will actually last a while, this is a nice choice. If you just want cheap, shop for something similar in July and August when several cheap spiral notebooks can be picked up for under a dollar.This notebook has 100 pages - enough for about a month of calculus notes.  I number them and label the cover with start and end dates.  Very convenient and the paper quality is great.  Blue lines are crisp and each page has 'Neat Sheet perforations&#34; so if you have to tear out and hand in some pages, they don't have paper strings along the side.The notebook I received has front and back covers with coated kraft paper - not the hard plastic that I've seen in the past....I have been using Mead Five Star notebooks for many, many years.  College ruled is the way to go and this 1 subject notebook has the perfect amount of pages for me - 100.For school, the 3 subjects were always my favorite, but the 1 subject is great to have around the house or office.  I have no complaints about the product whatsoever.  I notice a lot of other notebooks tend to have thinner paper, which I hate.The only negative is that currently you cannot choose the color, so you will get one of: black, dark blue, neon pink, green, purple or orange.  I don't really care about the color, but I could see that as a potential problem for a lot of kids.&#8226;easy tear out pages&#8226;very sturdy plastic cover&#8226;pockets are in the front of the notebook right behind the cover&#8226;the back of the notebook is a thick cardboard, not the plastic cover materialA winner!I take a lot of notes from books I'm reading, online training, and conferences.  This notebook is very durable and stands up to a decent amount of travel in my bag.  The perforated pages tear cleanly with a fold on the perforation, but will not tear out with daily use.  The only complaint is the thin pages.  If you highlight with darker highlighters or use a heavy writing pen, you'll probably only want to take notes on one side of the page.  With a good brighter highlighter, both sides is fine.  Bleed through isn't the problem so much as just seeing through the page.This is the same type of notebook I used when I was in college. I used the five subject version, but this is good if you only need it for one subject or as a supplement to a larger notebook. It has the same construction as the five subject notebook. The cover is very sturdy and attractive and the spiral binding is well made with ends that are crimped so they don't snag. The paper is of very high quality with easy tear perforations if you need to tear out a page without worrying about having a shaggy edge and standard rulings. Even though there is only one subject area, a manila divider with pockets on both sides is included at the front but not at the back. It is available in a variety of cover colors but as of this writing, Amazon will not let you choose which color you get. they also offer packs of 12 but the price seems to be for a 24 pack and 24 is mentioned in the description. Hopefully, Amazon will clear up this discrepancy.I filled a grip of these in my college days. Sure, other kids lugged their laptops into class and clacky clacked their notes. But some recent research suggests that the tried-and-true pencil & paper note-taking method works better for the majority of students.These Five-Stars -- not to be confused with my rating -- are classics for a reason. They are good for writing in the self-contained spiral-bound manner, or they are perforated for easy conversion into three-hole punched binders. They come in a number of colors for quick visual sorting by subject. The 8.5 x 11 size is photocopier and scanner friendly.The quality here is great. The design is simple and elegant. This is a classic for a reason. If only a college education was as worthwhile these days...Five Star Spiral notebook, College ruled is a staple for school or home. 100 pages of college ruled notebook paper. Front and rear covers are thick cardboard for keeping the paper clean and unbent. The covers are also water resistant.It also includes a thick two sided reinforced pocketed folder to hold papers and notes.Great for students or around the house.I just gave Mead some grief in a zipper binder over declining quality, but won&#8217;t be doing that here.The 5 star notebook is still the workhorse I favored for my own use in college.  My kids get a lot of the twenty cent cheapie notebooks that the office and department stores tout going into the school year, but those notebooks have thin paper covers and wire spiral binding that starts to unravel early on.By comparison, Mead Five Star is the &#8220;serious&#8221; notebook, whether for college or just as a recognition of your middle schooler/high schooler&#8217;s work ethic.  Front cover is plastic, back very thick cardboard, and the spiral binding is noticeably tough &#8211; coated vs. wirey.  It even has one high quality cardboard pocket inside the front cover for loose papers, and the top edge of that pocket is reinforced with plastic.Good on Mead for keeping up the quality with their flagship product.  Now about those zipper binders&#8230;This notebook has a nice thick cardboard back so that you can write with it on your lap and not needing anything else for support underneath. Some of the other notebooks have such thin flimsy cardboard these days. It also has those pocket pages (not sure what to call them) that allow for hand outs, etc. to be kept within the book and the pages are perforated so that you can rip them out without the wild and wooly edge that is usually left on the end when pulling a paper out of a spiral notebook.For me the only downer is the the plastic cover on front. I don't like that because I can't doodle or write on it. However, for someone wanting a neat and tidy look (which obviously means no doodles...) it would be a great choice.When I was in High School, I bought the cheapest notebooks available. They had about 40 pages and a cardboard cover. By the first week in October, they had fallen apart. For the remainder of the term, I would write my notes on regular lined paper, then put it with my old notes in a three ring binder, so I had something to study from.I have now discovered that spending a tiny bit more would have saved me tons of time and money. These Five Star Spiral Notebooks are beautifully made, and will last the whole term. After the class is over, you can keep these notebooks on a shelf and refer to them for midterms and finals.The notebook has a strong plastic front cover that resists tearing, and the back cover is thick enough that you can use it as a &#34;spare&#34; desk and write a note on some paper using the back as your support. The wire spool which holds the notebook together has been looped so that there is no loose wire to catch on and wreck your sweater. There are pockets in the notebook to hold handouts and Syllabi from your teachers. The paper is nice, having nice perforations, so that you can tear off a piece of paper give it to a friend (or teacher) without them getting all those little bits of paper on them.So, spend a buck or so more than the cheapest thing you can buy. You'll save money in the long run.Sturdy and well made notebook is holding up nicely so far.  The cover is durable and still looks great after a month of daily use and carrying in my backpack.  The storage pockets inside the notebook are a plus and the pages tear out easily and cleanly.  I highly recommend this notebook.I received this spiral notebook as part of the Vine program.  I'm chuckling at the reviews (of males, evidently) who received a pink cover.  Mine is black.  I'd happily switch with one of the gents for a pink one if that were feasible.  The spiral on this notebook is very robust, not flimsy at all.  This notebook has 100 college ruled pages.  I like college ruled lines, allowing for more information per page. There's also one storage pocket page in the very front.  The back cover is also pretty thick, so the whole thing holds up very well.If you don't have any expectations of this item doing more for you than providing a stable surface on which to take notes, make lists, solving problems of the math variety, or doodle, then you won't be disappointed in this item.This is a solid, reliable, high quality spiral bound multi-subject folder. At 100 pages, you have enough paper top cover a subject (many four or five subject notebooks have half this number of pages per subject). I would not pay retail for this - but Amazon's price makes it an excellent  buy. I have seen my kid's overburdened back back do some major damage to spiral notebooks over 9 months, much less a year, so I have some doubt to the &#34;last all year&#34; claim Mead places on this. The pages have straight-edge perfs, the spiral is strong, the cover durable. A great buy.good quality no smudge paper, erasures do not thin the pages. This is good quality and this was a great price.This is my first choice in spiral notebooks. I have been using these for years.  I am not a student but I keep lists and info I want on hand in this.  It looks very neat on my desk.I love school/office supplies! Some of my favorite memories are of my dad taking me to buy new pencils, fresh crayons, notebooks, fun pens and markers, etc. And I still enjoy greeting that stuff. These notebooks are very nice!!! So much nicer than the cheapo cardboard ones I am used to. The paper treats it nice and cleanly, and the plastic cover doesn't get all bent and ripped up after being thrown into a bag. And the pocket is ingenious.  I never had a notebook with a pocket before...don't think I can go back now, I am spoiled! !!!  Kinda wish their was a left-handed version (so we southpaws don't get spiral imprints in our forearms!) But that is a real specialty item that is rarely sold.I am hard on notebooks. I leave them out to get wet and mash them into my bags. Five Star does the best in the hostile environment I place my notebooks in. This is due to their good quality paper, excellent spiral wire quality, and the nice plastic cover from protection.Can't really find anything bad to say about this notebook.  It has lots of pages, a big spiral ring that makes the pages easy to turn, a heavy cardboard back and a nice plastic cover.  It is also quite reasonably priced for the quality you get.If you&#8217;ve ever purchased Mead&#8217;s Five Star Notebooks (and we&#8217;ve purchased plenty), you already know you are getting a quality notebook with a sturdy plastic cover.  What you may not know (and we didn&#8217;t) is that this notebook not only has the storage pocket my daughter considers a must, but the storage pocket is also reinforced to prevent tearing.  What a great idea!  Mead took what was already a quality product and improved upon it, which makes us pretty happy.There's a lot to like about this notebook.  The cover is sturdy pliable plastic and there are reinforced pocket pages in the front.  The perforated paper tears cleanly.  I can write smoothly on it with my gel pen.  Markers will bleed through, but they always do.My son is using this notebook for his schoolwork.  He carries it with him everywhere in his backpack.  So far, it has held up to the daily abuse.  He gives it five stars.This seems like a pretty sturdy notebook though it'll take a few months of use to know if it holds up.  So far it seems to be made from quality material.  I especially like the pocket folder at the front--great way to keep assignments with the notes.  The paper is thick enough that there's little page bleed so both sides can be used.For many years, these have been the only brand of notebooks I've used because the front cover is very sturdy and actually waterproof; I dripped some water off an icy glass on it and it didn't bleed through to the pages. I also love that the spiral binding is very sturdy and that the pages turn easily without getting snagged. I've also never had the problem of the spiral coming undone and out of the holes like with other brands of notebooks. The reinforced seams are also great for tearing pages out neatly. The storage pocket is reinforced and sturdy enough to fit about 10 pages/worksheets inside them.The only con about ordering these online is that you can't choose the color you want because it says &#34;colors vary.&#34; I'd be more willing to buy them in bulk if I could choose the color. I got black which I find drab. But aside from the color issue, these notebooks are high quality and durable to withstand daily use.Five Star has always made quality products at affordable prices and as far as i'm concerned this notebook is no different. It not super flimsy like some of the bigger subject notebooks can sometimes be.There is also an insert that is double sided with a pocket so you can put finished homework or what have you inside it. So far the promise of no ink bleeding has held true and trust me the kiddos put it to the test. Its also guaranteed to last all year so that's an added benefit that you don't see often with school supplies like this.I'm glad that we had the chance to try this one out as the kids are getting to the age where they need these types of things in class. RecommendedThis is a nice spiral notebook. The covers are moisture resistant and what I really like is that the college ruled paper has a perforated line so that when kids want to pull the sheets out, they don't have that ripped/shredded edge that other spiral notebooks give you that don't have this feature.The paper also comes with 3-holes for slipping into notebooks. And the bright blue color that I received was cheerful and pleasant.Shop for the best price.I have been buying Five Star products for many years. They always hold up and survive being thrown around in my kids backpacks. The papers always tear away neatly and easily. The interior pockets can be stuffed to the max and are very durable. One thing I would improve on with these notebooks is the sharp corners will sometimes poke you and they are a bit pricey.Some of the other reviews noted defects or problems with their notebooks so I thumbed through mine to check for the issues (pages sticking together, damaged, or dirty/worn). My notebook arrived in perfect condition. I'm wondering if there is a higher chance of damage based on who sends it to you or where you buy your notebook. I can only say that mine had clean pages that moved freely. The paper is fine. It's not high quality bond, but this is a notebook which is likely to be used for school notes and later thrown away. If you want something for more permanent writing, a (more expensive) journal book would be a better choice.The notebook is relatively standard except for a few features. The cover is plastic and fairly tough. The &#34;Five Star&#34; brand's advertising shows a goat and a dog fighting by gripping opposite sides with their teeth so the notebooks are designed to be tougher than usual cardboard covered ones. It also has a pocket with a reinforced (laminated) upper edge in the front. I'd prefer the pocket were in the back so it didn't have to be move each time one opens the notebook (and so pages in the pockets didn't weight down the cover/front). There is also the varying colors problem that some others have mentioned. I got a nice light blue one, but others have gotten hot pink and you can't choose the color. This is a small point, but you may want to consider that you may get a color that you hate.The binding is better than cheap ones in that the top and bottom have little closed loops to stop the metal spiral from working its way out. Cheaper binders often have inadequate loops or just a bend that doesn't hold. I think you'd need pliers to undo this one. The main issue with this is that the Amazon price is somewhat (about 35%) higher than several other outlets. The price at the time of this review is $3.31, but OfficeMax online is offering the exact same binder for $2.59.The description states assorted colors, so if you are picky about what color you want, don't order from this listing. I received a very pretty teal color that I love. The cover on this notebook is very strong and sturdy and I don't see it ripping anytime soon (if ever). The two pockets in the front are a very nice feature for storing loose papers. I love the college ruled style, so this is perfect and the pages are perforated for easy tearing out.I bought this to keep notes for myself rather than for a class.  The pocket at the front is nice, and the covers seem OK sturdy (not amazing).  The paper is smooth, and it does not have &#34;bleed&#34; issues with ordinary pens...I'm not going to give this to the marker user in the house, though.  The notebook is &#34;guaranteed,&#34; so if it were truly horrible, you could go to the web site for a replacement or refund (though most companies will do that if you write to them).  I like it for what I wanted.  I am not sure it would hold up in a child's backpack through a full year, however.My older two daughters saw these come in, and went, &#34;Oh, thank God&#34;.&#34;What?&#34;, I asked.Then my 13 year old went to get one of the notebooks I had bought for her. That thing was beat up pretty good, which I accounted to her abusing it. She disagreed, but then my 16 year old pointed out that didn't matter, and proceeded to tear out a sheet from each, and the difference was clear.The five star notebooks are the clear winner, and even though they cost a little more than the bargain basement ones I had been buying, the total extra spent over a year is really insignificant.I would recommend this to anyone who doesn't mind spending a little extra to get a product of better quality. I didn't think there would be a difference. Paper is paper. But my girls pointed out that little things can save a lot of frustration.I use these notebooks for everything, notes, recipes, memos. The college rule is just right. The pages are perforated but they don't come apart unless you tear them. The spiral binding also holds unless you tear a page out. The spirals don't come undone. The vinyl cover is durable and protective, and the pockets are perfect for letter-sized sheets. The price is good here. Unfortunately, you can't choose your color. I got dark pink, which was fine. These are good if you are hard on your notebooks, or if you plan to keep them for a long time. Or just for, you know, regular notebook use.If you are looking for good card stock, this is probably the kind you want. It is slightly thicker than a business card and holds up well to markers and ink with no bleed through. I used it for a craft project and I am very satisfied with the results.Nice bright white cardstock, not too heavy, for making folded card projects.  Exactly as described, and folds cleanly for a single fold.  Not recommended for a multiple-fold project.Cardstock seems to be of a good weight , it is really white compaired to my other cardstock , great priceNot too much you can say for cardstock it is medium weight and the brightness is good and prints well.This is a good stock for making greeting cards and this ream is cheaper by far than the specialize papers already creased.  I have a cheap board and tool to crease them and this stock responds well to the creasing tool  Good product.Works great- perfect for printing activity sheets to laminate for my preschooler!This card is perfect for making your own greetings cards.The only problem that I found was not the card itself, but the wrapping. When I received the package the thin plastic wrapping was all busted open, and left me with nothing to keep the paper in before using it. However the card itself I cannot fault.This works very nicely for printing my own cards.  I use a scoring blade on my paper cutter to make a nice fold and the card looks beautiful.  Envelopes are available separately for the half fold and quarter-fold size cards.  When bought like that, it saves big bucks over the inkjet card and envelope packs and I get the same results.  If you make lots of cards, this is the way to do it.It is what it is and does what its suppose to at much less price than Staples or Office Depot or Walmart for that matterThese are awesome cardstock sheets to get for my scrapbooking needs. A MUST on anyone's list because they are white and bright and command attention. You can decorate these with any type border sticker etc and they withstand handling very well without too much stress during taping or gluing. Recommended because the seller had these here promptly and are a class item as far as bulk purchases go. Would gladly reorder from this seller.MY WIFE MAKES LOTS OF CARDS TO SEND TO FRIENDS, NEIGHBORS AND FAMILY AND SHE LOVES THIS STUFF.  SHE WOULDN'T USE ANYTHING ELSE. THANKS FOR HAVING IT AVAILABLE FOR HER.  HAPPY CUSTOMERSThis cardstock is nice quality, strong and thick, perfect for printing kids stuff to laminate. Great price, nowhere else could beat it.I design printable crafts for my blog, and have used a lot of kinds of cardstock to print my models. This is my favorite.It's very smooth compared to most cardstocks, and the bright white color is visually to me on the warm side of bright white. It takes color, scores, cuts and folds well.My husband even noticed how clean and beautiful this printed up. This is the brand I'm using from now on.I use this for everything. I use it to print notecards. I use it to make greeting cards. I use to print door hangers (Avery charges $10 for 80 door hangers, with a little effort you can make 500 from a box of this). I keep coming back, I've gone through four of these.These tablets are excellent for many purposes, keeps my lines straight and online carries the best price. This papers has a dressy look, I use it for casual and formal note writing.We use this for math homework, and it works perfectly for my kids.  Sometimes long division gets confusing, but with this paper it sorts itself out very easily.I took off one star for the price.  However, this is great paper for laying out drawings of various projects we all do.This graph paper pad is excellent.  Easy to ripe out paper and paper quality is great. If you want quality and at a reasonable price look no further.Lines are clear and accurately spaced.  Paper seems durable.  Satisfied with this product that is somewhat difficult to find.  If you need decimal inch graph paper this is a decent buy.This graph paper works just fine. I wasn't reading carefully enough and thought this was going to come in plastic wrapping rather than as a pad, but it rips out smoothly so it's not a problem for me. I recommend it.Always handy and useful ! I find that these more practical than spiral notebooks, less messy and much larger this is purely a personal preference !These are your standard average everyday legal pads. They have a nice perforated edge at the top for tearing clean edges. The paper is not very thick but is good enough for average school or office work. This is a good price for a 12 pack.the Gold Pads, Legal is a good deal and I'm very please with them and would recommend this to anyone needing to buy leagla pads. 100% please.I use a lot of 5" x 8" notepads. I keep one on my computer table at home for taking notes, doodling, whatever, and I go through 2-3 pads a month. The TOPS pads are as good or better than the pads I used to buy at office supply stores. The nearest office supply store is several miles from home, and it's easier and more economical to buy the TOPS pads from Amazon with free Prime shipping.Update (November 2, 2012): I've just received my third order of these pads, and I'm still very pleased with them.They are yellow & now I can see what people are writing in conference workshops from across the room.  Those engineers say they're working but really they're playing hang manI have to have a 10 X 12 piece of paper to make good readable notes on...and these do the trick.The pages stay attached until you pull them to separate.Good product and a must have for keeping good notes.I liked these yellow legal pads. They tear very easily at the top, like they should, and do not rip unevenlyI get all of my office supplies through Amazon prime. These are smooth, easy writing legal pads. The price and convenience of free shipping to my door,via Prime makes this a smart business move for meGood price for a general use scribble pad but for things I need to document in a file, I will buy heavier paper tablets.What can you say about yellow pads of paper. The first thing is the price was awesome. The quality of the paper is perfect. A product that was made in the United States. Thank goodness!This is a quality office product.  We go through about 15 of these paper pads a month.  This particular product is no better or worse than any you would find at a standard office product store.  There's nothing negative to report on the product, and I personally like the free fast delivery of Amazon.Standard yellow legal pads at a good price, perforated for easy tear out.  I use these at work for taking notes.These pads are perfect for what we were needing them for (construction business, general field use, meeting notes.)  They are well constructed pads, not cheap like similar pads where the paper just comes off accidentally or with the slightest pressure, but also not where you have to yank hard and risk tearing.  I like the color of the paper too.These legal pads are great for taking notes during hearings. They durable, easy to write on, and the pages tear off cleanly. Better then the generic pads from the big office supply stores.We have a Bed & Breakfast with a Meeting/Seminar Center.This is the exact name brand item we could buy in stores and I have bought these for years for meetings.  They are excellent and inexpensive.We buy this item on Amazon.com because we live in a remote area of Montana and shopping is 60 miles one-way away (besides, the prices are up to 40% higher and with Amazon delivering FREE to our door within 48 hours, why go anywhere else?)Anyway, these are the same name brand I have bought elsewhere for a lot more and they are excellent.Good as Office Max or Office Depot sell.  More convenient from Amazon.  Saves time and mileage. I will order again from this vendor.This is my favorite kind of filler paper for binders. Extremely high quality and since its something I work with every single day, I am willing to spend extra for the quality. That said it is quite expensive on amazon, and I only purchased it online since I had no time to go to a brick and mortar store. Excellent purchase, especially if you can get it for a lower price. The quad print makes it easy to graph.I love graph paper and it always comes in handy for so many things.  Recently I have had to design a spreadsheet to keep track of income and expenses and before I got this, I was trying to use a ruler and lined notebook paper to make it into neat columns, which didn't look so neat.Only getting 100 sheets of paper in a pack isn't a lot but it may be enough for most people's needs.  This is the standard three hole paper to be put into binders.  The day they wise up and come out with graph paper with little squares that are large enough to actually write numbers in is the I will buy more.  Until then I will use my 100 sheets of graph paper and continue to modify it for my use.  This is high quality paper.This is heavy weight paper with squares.  NOTE THAT THE SQUARES ARE NOT  INCH.  They are 5mm which is slight less than .  Easy to draw on.  The reinforced holes make this paper more likely to survive rough treatment in the field.Excellent in all respects except for the size of the squares.AD2I just love using graph paper for notes and drawings.  I use it for designing quilt blocks and for just doodling.  This paper has reinforced holes so the paper is extra sturdy.  The price is a little high, but paper products are often pretty expensive.  This is a nice high quality of paper that will stand up to time.We all know the trade-off in paper and price, right? Strength to resist tear-out and thickness for bleed-through. Those are up against cost, thinness for more pages per notebook, and easier flipping.The reinforced quadrille paper here holds up well. It's also thick enough to reduce bleed-through. I'm with the other reviewer who is no fan of having &#34;Five-star&#34; in the margin. I scan the material, and I'd rather have that space unbranded to write labels for the material--fill the page with notes/drawings and label what they go to on the side. I use a sticky note, but wouldn't mind being able to put it right on the page.Overall, it's handy. You can see the price variations in the various sellers, so watch for a good bargain. But this holds up well, and is worth more than basic quadrille paper.I really like this paper, as it is excellent for math and other graphing.  The printed lines on it are perfectly lined up, and the ink is the same darkness on every page, every side.  In short, no QA issues.The reinforcements are excellent and there are no mispunched or unpunched holes.All in all, this is very high quality paper.That said, it is fairly expensive so I wouldn't use it for writing/crumbling up/throwing out type work.If you need a well-made graph-ruled paper with reinforcements, this is an excellent choice.How many times have you had your papers tear out of your notebook? It's very frustrating, especially for students in school. And it can be a big problem if something gets lost. This graph paper with reinforced edges is a great idea. No they are not 100% impervious to breakage, but it definitely makes them a lot stronger. The paper feels to be a good thickness and the look is good. The boxes are lightly printed but easy to see. I would recommend this.This is really good graph paper. I know most people don't think too much about darkness of graph lines or durability of the paper, but this paper has it all done right. This is especially true for college students who might be using this kind of paper extensively. It's not the cheapest stuff out there, but I think you'd be hard pressed to find something better.Quadrille pads can be very pricey. I don't need a high quality vellum for most of the projects and sketches I do, so this pack is great. You have the option of using 1/4 or 1/8 squares (front and back). The plastic reinforcement strip is also a very nice touch if you want to store things in a binder and use them often. One star off because some of the pagers are lighter than others. Every other page seemed to be printed slightly lighter though this should not present a problem to someone with normal or near normal eyesight. For what I do that kind of uniformity is not important.I received this product free from the Amazon Vine Program in exchange for writing an honest, unbiased review.I am presently working on a project that requires much binder page turning and use.  With regular binder paper, after extended use (and sometimes with only minimal use) the holes tear and I have to use reinforcements.So far with this paper, I have had no problems with the reinforced  strip along the holes.  I have tested it by pulling very hard, and the holes stayed intact.  The paper itself is thicker and of a better quality than the regular binder paper that I normally use.  I sometimes write with a gel pen, and the writing does not go through to the back, meaning that I can use both sides.The reason that I gave it only 4 stars is that I think the price is a little high for only 100 sheets, but I will continue to use what I have and probably will buy more when I am finished with it.  I wouldn't use this for 'everyday' writing, but for pages that I want to keep and use for quite awhile, I would definitely buy this paper.It is not lined like regular binder paper, but since I have no problem writing in a straight line, that is of no consequence to me.Overall, I really like this paper and would recommend it to a friend with no hesitation.I use this for regular notebook paper in the three ring binder I haul to meetings and similar.  The reinforced edges mean the pages don't rip out and fall all over the place, which is awesome!  I also really like the graph ruling - works the same as lined notebook paper and also helps me subdivide pages if I'm taking notes on multiple topics.The lines aren't so dark they're distracting.  I pretty well always have a stock of this paper on hand - even when I'm not getting it from Amazon for a review ;)As both an AVID teacher and a mom, i highly recommend this product.  Pages stay in place.  Saves buying and trying to put on those little hole protectors (or tape and re-hole punch).  We got exactly what we ordered.  We got the 100 sheets.  And, the price was cheaper than the local Staples (and with Amazon Prime it came in two days with no shipping cost).  Can't be beat!For my classwork and anything I'm writing by hand, I've found it a lot easier to take note on graph paper than anything else- for some reason it makes my penmanship legible. This paper is great because of the reinforced hole- it won't tear and migrate out of your binder/notebook. For some reason I find that most graph paper is a little thinner than regular looseleaf paper, so having the extra reinforcement at the holes is a very good thing. The problem is, as other's have noted, the price. But it's worth it not to have to go through hundreds of pages of notes and hand-repair every hole with those tiny reinforcer stickers, or try and track down a paper that tore and disappeared. Worth it for the convenience.This Five Star Quadrille/Graph Ruled Filler Paper is very good quality, with easy to see grid-lines and appropriately sized holes. We play an &#34;old school&#34; RPG that requires a lot of mapping and scale drawing. This paper is perfect for our needs.Highly Recommended!CFHThe ring binder portion of this graph paper is reinforced.  Great product.  Strong and useful for school and all graphing paper needs. Recommended.This college rules graph paper is filler paper, meaning it can be inserted into a three ring binder. Each sheet has a reinforced strip on it to prevent it ripping out of the binder. The thickness of the paper is adequate and as I expected. The lines on the paper are perfectly consistent throughout the package and they are dark enough. This graph paper is double sided and has different size graph lines on the front and back. On the front one square inch of paper contains 16 squares and on the back one square inch of paper contains 20 squares on it. Overall the price is a little high for only 100 sheets but you get both sides of the paper so it's like getting 200 sheets of cheaper single side graph paper. This is very good paper and we like it a lot.great strong graph paper.  easy to read and sturdy enough to handle the tough assignments that will come from all the school workThe item description doesn't mention the paper's weight, but I'll fill you in: there isn't very much to it. The only thing adding to the cost and weight is the reinforced holes on the edge of the sheet. Otherwise, they're borderline copy paper thickness (but just a hair thicker). The reason I'm such a picky pain in the behind about paper is because I am really into paper, ink, and the rest. I generally buy heavier weight paper for my own needs, such as taking notes in class and the like, because I like for the paper to take the ink from the fountain pens that I use for writing, without bleeding all over the pages behind it, or feathering all over the page.What I do love for heavier paper isHammermill Laser Print Paper - 8 1/2'' x 11'' Letter Size - White - 24# - 98 Brightness - 500 sheet Reamlb. Unfortunately, it doesn't have the grid lines like this graph paper does. If you don't mind spending more money on really nice, archival, acid-free paper that's going to cost a bit more, search for theRhodia Wirebound Notebook 9X11.75 Black Grid. It'll get the job done on very pleasant to write on paper, and it's heavy enough to use both sides.EDIT: Tried the paper again with a medium nib, and ink that does behave on a wider variety of paper. No feathering at all, very little bleed through. Works fine with an italic nib, a medium sized European and Japanese nib, and a broad nib from a Pelikan pen. Works just fine with mechanical pencil, although the lines don't show up very clearly, because the paper isn't a bright white. If you have a nice enough pencil, it will certainly show up clearly though.I modified my rating, because although the paper doesn't feel very heavy at all, it's certainly of a higher quality than your run-of-the-mill cheapo graphing paper you get in the typical notebooks. It's a WHOLE LOT cheaper than the Rhodia paper, and you can put it into your own binder if you want. Definitely a good buy if you need nicer paper to archive your school notes for the next semester.The five star reinforced filler paper is a added bonus.  Very strong for 3 ring binders.  Prevents tearing and works great.If I could do live over, this would be the only filler graph paper I would buy. It does everything graph paper is supposed toi do, but there is one important thing it does that the others don't do: No busted holes! Yep, that little reinforcement bit makes all the difference in the world. I recall countless nightmares of having pages fall out of my binder or getting wrinkled because the holes got busted on my paper. And if you've ever taken a high school or college math course, you know that you'll be taking the same graph paper sheets over and over again out of your binder. I'm so glad someone invented this, as it means the next generation doesn't have to suffer.This Mead product exceeds our expectations. Quality 20 pound paper holds strong in your binder. Perfect for our middle schoolers who go through paper constantly since most brands don't offer reinforced holes. These pages will stay in your binder longer and withstand your daily note taking. Most of all, I love that it's made in the USA!There isn't a math student around who can get away without graph paper, sometimes by the ream, but there are many more uses for this high-qualityFive Star Quadrille/Graph Ruled Filler Paper.  Let me tell you about a few of them -&#9654;&#65038;  If you are homeschooling or helping your elementary student with their math homework, using graph paper for their math problems is an easy way to help them keep their numbers lined up correctly&#9654;&#65038;  Science students will find graph paper ideal for drawing various illustrations to correct proportions.&#9654;&#65038;  If you're a quilter, then sooner or later you'll want to make your own quilting patterns.  Most of them are basic geometric shapes put together.  A good ruler, a sharp pencil and some graph paper makes short work of the job.  Like those special expensive pads of "quilter's graph paper", this particular graph paper is 1/4-inch ruled&#9654;&#65038;  Graph paper is ideal for developing needlework patterns - embroidery, needlepoint, even knitting.  Colored pencils, a few symbols and a sheet of graph paper and you'll soon have your own unique pattern to followNOTE - This particular product is ruled in 1/4 inch segments.  Advanced math students may require more squares to the inch or graph paper with a different ruling pattern.Grandma's $0.02 - Five Star has been making quality graph paper for quite some time.Highly recommendedHeavy duty graph ruled paper .... great for doing things like spreadsheets & balancing your bank account. Also good for anything you don't want your writing to &#34;drift&#34;.I've always had a preference for taking notes on graph ruled paper and was looking for something substantial enough to accommodate being usable on both sides to maximize it's value. I was immediately impressed by the color of both the paper itself as well as the lines. The paper is not glaringly white but has an almost dove grey tint which is very soft and easy to read from.  The blue graph lines are also very soft and fine though distinct. The paper has a nice substantial and quality heft.  The holes are reinforced with a clear thin tape that runs the length of the left edge on one side of the paper only. This wasn't a necessity but I like the durability potential this offers. I tested the feel and opacity of the paper with 3 different pens, a mechanical pencil and a yellow highlighter.  The mechanical pencil with a .5 hard lead glided easily and showed no press through or transfer to the opposite side of the page. If you use a pencil, you can easily write on both sides of this paper without worries.  The second sample writing was done with a Pilot Precise V7 rollerball pen. Though a fine point, this pen is known to lay down a heavy, bold line with a  good deal of ink. The pen flowed very smoothly without any line bleed.  But the bold lines were clearly noticable on the other side of the page, though not unusably so, and also remembering this pen has an uncommonly wet ink.  The next pen used was a Jetstream Uniball fine point, which creates a fine, quick drying line. That ink was barely noticeable on the reverse side. Next up was a cheap disposable Bic pen. Interestingly, this ink was almost invisible on the reverse side, due to it's less generous ink flow, though perfectly legible.  Finally, a Foray, florescent yellow chisel tipped highlighter was used. That ink was visible on the reverse side but did not soak through the paper and was more than acceptable. The results were that I like this paper a lot for it's color, subtle though distinct grid lines, weight and reinforced durability. I would give it four and a half stars with the only concern being if your pen of choice lays down a heavy ink flow like some fountain pens or the Pilot mentioned, but even then not a major concern.  I'll buy it again.Not Prime!I like Justin Winokur's review. The paper would be improved by not including the FIVE STAR four times with 5 star shapes underneath by the holes. However, when I photocopy the page it drops off, since it is in very light blue.Bright, strong with great light tape to reinforce the holes. Fantastic! Why didn't I give it 5 stars? Well, Justin's review got me thinking it would nice if you could wright on both sides. You can but the paper isn't that thick or resistant to a slight bleed. A nice dark rollerball will bleed slightly onto the other side... so I wouldn't buy it if you need to write on both sides... especially if you're putting it through a scanner.Otherwise, great paper. I'll buy more.Mead products are simply the best and this is no exception.  Each sheet is reinforced along the left margin so sheets do not tear out of your binder accidentally.These are fabulous, but also much more expensive than standard filler paper. Use these for those class notes that you plan to pour over again and again...I use them all the time for my classes. I appreciate the paper quality and the reinforced edge...Obviously, the reinforced edge doesn't make these pages indestructible, but they go a long way to increase the life of the paper in a 3-ring binder. This is a huge step up from those annoying paper reinforcers -- the little sticker Os. What a pain. This paper avoids the entire need for those little guys. I love this product.Why would anyone buy paper on Amazon? Well, with the new add-on option, it's affordable - free shipping with prime. No hassle, great selection, and a chance to actually compare what is - let's face it - a generic product to most people. You find out be reading the reviews that it's NOT all the same stuff - and that price does not equate with quality. This is the good stuff - buy it and avoid the 'leftover' loss leaders the big-box merchandisers try to lure you in with so you are trapped in their stores to buy more stuff. That quality is garbage anyway - you get way you pay for. Paper should be cheap, but it can ALSO be good.It's hard to get quad rule paper.  I was glad to find this, and while it's not cheap, it's a better buy than driving all over town looking for it.Graph paper is an essential in the desk of any scientist or engineer.  The reinforced strip on the paper helps prevent tearing and makes sure it stays in your project binder/notebook.  The paper is nice to write on with most instruments, but will bleed slightly with pens that release a lot of ink (fountain pens).  The only reason it isn't 5 star is the price! Even then, worth it.This is graph paper with reinforced edges, for snapping into a ring binder. The paper is heavier than table quadrille ruled.It's funny, but I worked at a place where we'd do all our notes on quadrille ruled paper, a holdover from engineering and chemistry classes, as well as lab notebooks. For some reason, I do my best thinking on paper if it's quadrille ruled. This makes a nice filler for an "idea book."I like high quality paper and stationery.  The Five Star Quadrille/Graph Ruled Filler Paper is the highest quality filler paper I've used.  I pass on ruled paper unless it's a narrow or college ruled option, and I always select a graph ruled paper.  Rhodia pads are located throughout my home in assorted varieties, all in this style.  I'm very impressed by this paper not only because of the clear, yet faint lines, but because it's a 20 lb weight and offers two sizes of the quads.  Since my personal preference is the smaller size, I've inserted it into my binder with this side as the odd numbered pages (1, 3, 5, ...)  This enhances the appearance because the reinforcement strip is imprinted with a logo that I don't find appealing, allowing that to be on the reverse sided pages (2, 4, 6, ...).  Because of this strengthening addition, the pages remain secured as they are turned.  If you are looking for a cheap, lightweight filler paper on which you want to write on one side and you don't need it to last for longer than a short while, I'd say to save the extra cost and buy a cheaper paper.  On the other hand, if you want a substantial filler paper that's built to last, get this.  I am happy to have this in my binder.The hole-side margin is reinforced, so pages are unlikely to pull out of a binder.  (That edge is twice as thick!)The graph-paper grid is light, not overbearing, but a good guide for neat notes and charts.  I prefer it to ordinary lines filler paper, which is designed for kids who are just learning cursive.I never really thought much of reinforced paper - I mean, it's paper, how much more durable can it be?  After trying Five Star Quadrille Graph Paper, I can say I'm a convert.  The paper is much thicker than the cheaper graph paper and they uphold very well through erasing, writing with pencil, and everyday school wear and tear.  Because the papers are reinforced at the hole punch area, the papers are also less likely to rip.  The reinforcement is like a strip of tape down the side of the hole punched area.  The only thing I'm not terribly fond of is the &#34;Five Star&#34; logo printed down the margins of the paper.  It's not a big issue as I don't write in the margins often anyways, but they're there and a blatant pitch for buying five star products.  Overall, the paper is very good, the lines are clear and crisp, and it holds up very well.I am back purchasing my 7th package of this paper.  I been using it since April when another class mate of mine had it and I fell in love.  I was for never ending putting those white circle stickers on my papers when they ripped.  Yes this is a bit more expensive but once I was buying the reinforces and the time it too to put them all on, this paper was very appealing and in the long run about the same price.  I no longer have any issues with torn 3 hole punched paper in my binder.  If I didn't like it, I would not be back ordering my 7th package.  And the greatest perk is it's a prime item.  So I get free 2 day shipping.  Depending on the price sometimes I need to order $25 and pay less or pay more and get the free prime shipping.  This time I put in a combined order for me and my roommate as she is now too hooked on this paper. Other class mates are switching to this.  It is even cheaper here on amazon than many office supply store's own brand.  I have always found the lines to be visible and bright and the paper a decent weight (not cheap and thin but not thick like card stock). When I start to run low on this order I can promise I will be back for more.To clear up previous reviews this paper is 8" x 10 1/2" and bad remarks were left that it was not 8 1/2 x 11 paper.  I don't know of one note book paper brand that is that size...its all a hair smaller.  Its the same size of regular notebook paper you can get for like a dollar, i held it up to a regular piece.If you are in need of 8 1/2 x 11 paper I suggest looking elsewhere.It's notebook paper, what else can I say...my daughter needed it for school and amazon had it. Saved me a dreaded trip to Walmart, which is rather far away since I love in a rural town to say the least.And I well understand that this isn&#8217;t a minor consideration.  As a kid, the beginning of the school year was the one time I was allowed to splurge a little bit, because education mattered more than clothes or cool posters for my room or whatnot.  There wasn&#8217;t a lot of money, so spending a bit more freely on the school supplies sent a very clear message.Nonetheless, I save where I can on supplies for my kids.  Sometimes it&#8217;s Mead Five Star and sometimes it&#8217;s start of school year Five Cent Doorbusters.  I want to be able to give my kids what they need, and have $$$ leftover to donate supplies to the classroom when needed &#8211; but as they get older, when something proves a little frustrating or inadequate, I try to upgrade, and also pass on that message about the school &#8220;stuff&#8221; being a little more important than &#8220;stuff&#8221; in general.This Five Star reinforced graph paper is a clear upgrade.  Nothing like having your papers remain unripped on the rings, and for whatever reason, my kids are especially tough on the graph paper.It's high quality graphing paper with a reinforced edge.  The reinforced edge will help keep it from accidentally coming out or getting lost.  It fits in standard notebooks.  It's thick enough that the ink doesn't go through it.  The graphing grid itself is a light gray blue.It looks very neat, and is smooth to write on with either pencil or ink.Paper is so flimsy these days, my kids notebooks were always a mess.  The holes in cheaper paper always tear, especially if you have an ADD or ASD kid who is hard on supplies and fidgety while writing.  Then the papers would be crumbled in the bottom of the overcrowded back pack.So I splurged and purchased this paper this year, and it has made such a difference.  The paper stays IN the three ring binders.  Notes stay in order.  It even seems to me that my son is taking a little more pride in his work and writing more neatly, now that he is writing on this thicker, nicer paper and he knows stuff will stay put.Now if I could just find binders that are REALLY heavy duty, instead of binders that say they are heavy duty but are still quite flimsy....My high school aged child insisted on this brand of paper after the cheap beginning of school year paper I bought kept ripping in her binders.  I never thought there would be much difference in the paper (other than the lines being crisper.)  But there IS a difference.  So we will be buying this again, and probably from Amazon as we could not find it anywhere locally.Compared to other filler paper and notebooks, this paper is more dense, the lines are more consistent, and the transparent tape will help the pages stay in their place (I hope, they did so far).Taking one star off for having Five Star printed on the transparent tape - it's distracting and not needed. At least they could have used the &#34;back&#34; of the sheet for their branding.I do try to wait for this paper to go on sale but even when it's not it's worth it.I was so frustrated with my son's school binder which looked like it had exploded by the time he got home every day. Papers were continually tearing and falling out. It was a mess. He had to use a big zipper binder just to make sure nothing escaped throughout the day though that still doesn't always do the trick - especially when he's in a hurry between classes.The reinforced paper has definitely helped. Though it is not indestructible and the holes can still tear, he uses about 1/10th the amount of those hole reinforcing stickers than he used to use every day.I do consider this a bit of a luxury but it does help his binder stay neater, more organized, and I would go so far as to say he's "lost" fewer homeworks because of this product.Graph paper is a requirement for some math and science classes, and it can make note taking and organizing easier. This graph paper is especially nice because it is a little stronger and the holes are reinforced. Your hard work won't go to waste with this extra strong holding paper.My son needs reinforced paper for his school binder, otherwise the sheets turn into shreds in a few days. They sell for $3+ in Walm4rt, but the local stores don't usually stock them, so when this goes on sale at the right price on Amazon, I order it. Don't pay $10+. It is ridiculous.My use for graph paper is to add notes about areas of the body that I am recording from, making symbols over a grid as the study continues.  This means that I need each piece of paper to last a long time and put up with a lot of abuse.  This paper, which is both thick and reinforced, is ideal for the job.  The lines are also nice and sharp, without getting in the way of viewing writing from a standard black pen.  I can't think of a reason not to recommend it, apart from the value not being good for you.  Since I use a single sheet so much before moving on to the next, the price is not as bad for me as it would be for a math student going through multiple sheets a week.Almost every school year my daughter ends up needing graph paper for her math classes, and we usually have a heck of a time finding any in our local stores.  When we've been fortunate enough to find graph paper, it&#8217;s never been as high quality as Mead&#8217;s Five Star Graph Ruled Reinforced Filler Paper.  The paper quality itself seems ideal, not to thin, not to thick.  First off, we were happy that it already had holes punched in it, so it would be easy to deposit in a three-ring-binder.  Second, those holes are reinforced, an idea that never occurred to either one of us.  It&#8217;s a nice, practical touch!  When examining this paper, I initially thought my mind was playing tricks on me, but no, the squares on the front really are bigger than the squares on the back and intentionally so, which gives the paper more versatility than its generic counterpart.  I can&#8217;t imagine being as happy with another graph paper, and since I also occasionally like to use graph paper to plan out quilt designs, this is sure to become our graph paper of choice.Well, I do and I love this quadrille paper.  Each side is a different size, so my elder homeschooler uses the 1/4&#34; scale for drawing charts, and my younger homeschooler uses the reverse side to help her keep her math assignments neat until she begins aligning numbers automatically.And, well, I guess I have to confess to using a few sheets myself for drawing a house plan or two or even just making a cool design.All kidding aside, this paper is worth the cost.  I love the reinforced edging too!I like this because the lines are not too dark.  They are supposed to be guide only and should not standout.  The paper is strong, they don't rip easily.  Specially reinforced where the holes are.  You can see the extra layer along the holes without additional bulk.  Lastly, ink doesn't bleed as much as other papers.my daughter has needed graph paper since she strated 6th grade. This was a good quality paper, 100 sheets, standard size.My husband is a journeyman but he has years of experience building houses. Next year he will be building ours so this paper is great for rough draft sketching.It's also great for school as well when the kids get into graphs and such at school you know the rise/run type stuff.  Overall the price seems reasonable for the amount of paper you get.Things you might want to know about this paper is that it is 20 pound, which is a good medium weight paper.  It also is reinforced with a thin plastic-like cover over the areas of the holes. This is only on the front, not on the back.What's not clear now, but will be with long term usage is whether the thin smooth substance over the holes will actually help the paper to stay whole longer.Finally, you should know that the graph lines are different on the back than they are on the front.  On the front a 1/4-inch scale is used.  On the back it's a smaller 1/2-centimeter scale.SUMMARYOkay graph paper.Graph paper is something I've been using since my elementary school days: useful for geometry and interesting because, well, GRID.  But I'm actually excited about this Five Star pack of graph paper.1) This is a fairly heavy 20 lb paper.  It stands up to my markers and fountain pen without bleeding through to the back or the sheets behind it.2) The left edge is reinforced from top to bottom, which prevents the holes from tearing and keeps the page in your notebook.2) It's made in the USA and, whenever I'm presented with the opportunity, I buy American made products.Although my school days are long behind me, I find graph paper is very useful for the projects I do at work.  I'm old school and I like to have an analog version of my Project Plans with paper, pen and ink.  Since this is heavier paper with a reinforced edge, I'm confident it will hold up for the duration of my project.  (Unlike when I only needed it to last for an academic year, these projects can go on for several years.)  I like the grid, not only for the help it gives me in my roughly drawn diagrams of network designs, but it helps me align my plan points and schedule items.  Since the paper doesn't bleed, I can use a variety of inks and markers.  Very useful!I hate how ordinary graph paper seems thinner than regular notebook paper and perpetually tears, no more!  This stuff has a decent plastic coating the entire length of the spine of the paper making it nearly impossible to rip through it while trying!  I use it frequently for work and would not switch to anything else. The paper also has sufficient density so that I can write with liquid ink on it.  It does not feel cheep in your hands.Two features set this quadrille paper apart from the norm, readily available in big box stores.  First, this is heavier paper that will stand up under use.  Second, the three-holes punched in the pages have been reinforced with light plastic so they'll be protected while in a binder.I like it, and I will use it in my design projects.I'm no engineer or mathematician or anyone else who might put this paper to better use, but I do enjoy using graphing paper on occasion for my writing.I have very tiny handwriting, and sometimes it can be illegible, especially if I write too fast. So I use graphing paper to neatly lay out my letters, numbers, and punctuation marks. It makes it FAR more legible, though at the cost of time.I like Five Star sheets in general--it's what I've used as my go-to loose leaves since grammar school--and this doesn't disappoint. I use a Pilot fountain pen as my weapon of choice, and the paper soaks up the ink nicely without having the marks show on the opposite side.What I like best about this graph paper is that every page is reinforced along the binder hole area, so helpful for when you're turning pages quickly--good to know that they won't rip on every turn. It's a little thicker than standard notebook paper and has more squares per inch on one side than on the other. Nice quality paper for all of your graphing needs.When I was in school and using paper on a regular basis, the main problems I experienced were indenting or tearing from pressing too hard with a pencil and having weak paper that couldn't stand up to the pressure, bleed-through (the writing on the front could be seen so clearly that writing on the back was a bad idea), and shredding due to erasing. I tested this paper for those three issues and was surprised that it didn't suffer from any of them. As filler paper goes, it's on the stronger side and was surprisingly opaque from front to back (at least with the use of regular and colored pencils and a ballpoint pen- I can't speak for very wet ink use).The selling point of this is that it has a plastic strip on the side to reinforce the points at which it has been punched for binders and mine seemed solid in this regard. Other reviewers have said that the lamination has come off or bled glue. I'm guessing this problem may relate to the age of the paper and the temperature at which it has been stored in the shops that sell it, but I can only say that my paper did not suffer from any of these issues. I even tried to peel off the lamination by slipping my fingernails under it and trying to pry it off and couldn't do it. It seems, at least at this point in time, to be pretty firmly attached.Another issue mentioned in negative reviews (and I always check those reviews as I'm sure they're true) that I didn't have a problem with is misaligned printing on the sheets. I checked my paper for this as well and all of the sheets seemed identical and the squares were perfectly aligned. It's not impossible that there are runs at the beginning or end of printing the paper that aren't aligned, but, again, I fanned through the pages and mine were perfect.Finally, I checked the price on this paper at other outlets and Amazon's price is actually quite competitive. In fact, it was the cheapest that I could find at $3.49 for 100 sheets. All in all, I think this is pretty good quality paper for a more than reasonable price.I use this in 3&#34; binders for college.  Since it is reinforced, it does not tear where the holes have been punched.  I bought this while it was on sale so the price was also good.  In the future, I will only buy this brand of paper.In our house we like graphs and charts and spreadsheets. This paper is very helpful in showing my seven year old how to read and make graphs showing all the various data points she likes to collect.I like the reinforcement feature of this graph paper quite a bit. Too often the pre punched holes don't last the life of the paper and new holes need to be drilled. With the reinforced holes, you can be confident that the papers will not be lost or accidentally torn out.Other good features of this graph paper are the 20 pound weight and the ink bleeding resistance for those who want to use both sides of the paper.My only complaint with this stationery product is the faintness of the lines. I wish the ink used to print the lines could have been a little darker.Be sure to have good lighting when using this Five Star graph paper.With two kids in pre-algebra/algebra classes, we go through a lot of graph paper. This 100 sheet pack is nice since it is three-hole-punched to fit in binders with the rest of their math homework.I like graph paper, and the reinforced end is useful. I also like the 4 grids per inch on one side, 5 per inch on the other. The paper is a standard 8.5" x 11", unlike some other notebook papers on the market.However, the paper is of an inferior quality. First, the grid lines are highly variable from one page to the next and the print job is not very good -- if you are doing precision work, definitely look elsewhere. Second, the paper is not high quality enough to prevent bleeding to the back when marker is used -- I think a higher pound paper would be much better.Overall, the paper is good but not great. I think better quality is available at this price point, perhaps slightly more.This is extremely high quality graph paper. The lines are clean and precise, without being overly intrusive, and remain so even after erasing. It's thick enough to stand up to even marker use without bleed and the reenforced holes on the edge are brilliant, meaning this could last for years of page turns in a binder, without interfering with the page itself. Perfect for students or those who need to freehand graph professionally, this is one that's worth the extra cost for better quality.pretty much necessary for a college student taking a lot of hand-written notes...regular paper just rips out of binders instantly -- disorganizing your entire semester.  Definitely recommend these to keep a tidy notebook for a LONG time.  Mine have even lasted years in storage being thrown around in a box.5-star is a little overpriced when Staples makes their own brand.I really like this pack of graph paper.  It's really good quality.  There is a reinforced strip along the hole-punched side that makes this paper extra durable.  You should have no problem with it accidentally tearing and coming out of your binder.This graph paper is double sided.  The front side features 4 squares per inch and the back side features 5 squares per inch.I like this paper quite a bit.  The only thing that I dislike about it is the fact that Five Star had to go and put their name and logo down the entire length of the reinforced strip.  I think it's a bit overkill and a bit of an eye sore if you're doing a presentation or something.  This is the reason I would give out 4 1/2 stars if possible.Overall the paper itself is great and I would highly recommend it.The plastic protective slip over the holes on the papers falls off, leaving the paper vulnerable to being torn.Absolute waste of money. DO NOT BUY this!I teach math.  I love this paper.  Since the 3 hole section is reinforced it stays in the binder.  The squares are dark enough to see but not so dark that you get that optical illusion effect from looking at the sheet.  Kids can make the graph whatever size they need.  My dad also uses this for planning woodworking projects and drawing stuff to scale and it is sturdy enough for him to glue to wood and cut through it without wrinkling.However, this stuff is more expensive here online (available for less locally).  I will also tell you that you can print graph paper from the internet if you need a lot for practice, and just use this better stuff for homework or labs.  If you need really specialty graph paper (say polar coordinates or log) the internet is also your friend.  But I usually buy this graph paper for my own use.This has advantage of not needing other reinforcers, but it is expensive compared to paper without reinforcers. I found myself telling the kids not to waste them, such as doodling or as a work paper.  It almost defeats the purpose of being a notebook paper.I thought this was nice graph paper and here's why:*It is nice and moderately thick at a 20 lb. weight.*Made in the USA*Reinforced fully along the punched edge so the holes won't tear*Graph ruled on front and back with lightly printed, yet easy to see lines*No blank spots on the page as the lines are printed evenly on each page*It resists ink bleeding, even when I used my messy gel pens!I've been working on mapping out our house and yard to make landscaping designing and moving furniture easier and more fun.  In the past I've spent hours drawing out the floor plans and furniture, just to misplace them later.Now I have a notebook specifically for house stuff, and these reinforced sheets have their own section now and I will not misplace these.I love the reinforced edge as they don't tear when you turn the pages.  Great idea!!I am not sure how to review lined paper... But this stuff is very high quality and the seams are reinforced so they don't tear out of the binder. I will be buying this product again.It's paper.  You write on it., what else do you want me to say?  It IS reinforced which is nice as the pages don't tear from being flipped back and forth.I love these pens.  I am a college student and have been a big fan of Pilot G3, but they are so expensive.  I bought these because they were affordable and I love them.  I can get 12 pens for about a buck, and they will last me at least to college semesters (16 weeks).  That really saves me money compared to the G3 that would only last about 6 weeks.Don't get me wrong, the G3 is a great pen, it is just too expensive.These are my favorite pens.  They may not have comfort grips, but they write very good.  Especially for the price, you can't beat it!I prefer red pens when I'm making corrections, so I asked for Paper Mate Stick Ballpoint Pens in red.  I'm glad I did because I have gone through a lot of paperwork trying to get myself more organized and these pens came in handy.  The ink smeared a few times and it there were times I had to go over some of my writing but other than that, they're good pens.I bought a pack of these at a b&m; store, and you'd think pens are pens... especially if you paid a measly $2 for a 12 pack. But negative. These pens I bought were dry. It took some time to get the ink to come out.Is it weird that maybe, just maybe, that this particular pen (cheap as it may be) needs an expiration date? I know it sounds uncanny, but I had to really scribble for a minute or 2 just to get the ink to flow. It is hard to tell if a pack has been sitting on a shelf for awhile. if you want to save your time you can buy a different brand.I have been buying the Paper Mate blue stick pens for years with great satisfaction. HOWEVER, these red pens do NOT have the nice bold, opaque ink that the blue version delivers. The red ink is a lot more translucent than the blue, so you can (1) accept how washed out and faint your writing looks when writing with this pen, -OR- (2) you simply buy red gel pens instead. If you want faded-looking writing, this pen is for you.I use this for grading since red is supposed to make students anxious and it's very rare one of them writes in green, so it is always noticeableI been using a lot of ballpoint pens and none of them are as good as this one. I really don't like writing with light ink. This product is by far the best pen as far as the ink. I like the pen grip n the ink is darker than most. Some of the ink on some of these pens seems to be leaking out. Not sure why is that but they do the job!I have three of the Paper Mate retractable pens from the 60s and 70s in which these refills were originally used.  It's wonderful to still be able to get the refills for these wonderful pens.  Caution when opening the package:  avoid putting any stress on the plastic end (opposite the tip), as it can break.Smooth writing and perfect fit for my Paper Mate pen.  Will definitely keep using these refills. Not messy like many of the new gel pens---gives a neat, clean appearance to your handwriting.I inherited a couple of Papermate ballpoint pens from my dad.  I use them for solving crossword puzzles.  They reliably write smoothly and last a long time.I received a question about the length of this refill and misread (and therefore misreported) my ruler - the refill is 4 3/16" (I had reported 4 3/8" by mistake)These refills are for the fast-disappearing Papermate pens of yesteryear. I love these pens, nothing comes close and glad to still find refills.I have not used these because my ink pen has not run out of ink but if they are anything like other Paer Mate brands, I'm in business.  You think perhaps I should have purchased them when I needed them.  Just a thought.We use Zebra pens in our office and they last well, write nice, and do what you want a fine tip pen to do.I don't like throwing pens away when I can't find replacement ink/gel. It's not a money issue; it's an eco-friendly issue. I'm glad Zebra makes it easy for me to recycle.These refills work great, I would expect them too, the pens are great too, wouldn't use any other kind.  Might be a little on the pricey side, but well worth it.Ballpoint pen refill, works as advertised.  Not jumping out of my skull about it, I knew what i was getting into.If you're ordering the refills, I don't need to tell you how awesome this pen is. And I'm gonna guess that you're a pen snob too! Heehee. Great refill.I love the zebra F-301 pens.  These refills are handy and a good price.  I use them to fill out my shopping cart when I order from Amazon and just need a $1 or so to get free shipping.  They come in a pack of two and they are convenient to have around.The Zebra F-301 ballpoint pen has been very useful and now that I can find refills, I jumped at the opportunity to order this set of refills for my F-301 pen that has been sitting dormant for several years because I was not able to find any refills.  I love the feel and smooth writing mechanism that the Zebra pen displays that cannot be compared to any other ballpoint pen that I have used in the past.  The point on this pen can be best described as falling in between a medium and fine point but not as sharp and thin as a fine point - which makes it very comfortable to write with.These refills work as they should and they seem to last a long time. Zebra pens are quality pens and I use them for work everyday.Great pens! They wright well and there cheap. What more do you want from a pen? I highly recommend them!I liked the old Bic ball point pens because the ink never smeared and the pens didn't leak in my purse, backpack, or bag.  If I accidentally marked my clothes, the ink would wash right out.  The new gel versions smear, leak, and leave a horrible mess in my purse.  It doesn't wash out of clothes either.  Threw them away.Classic, classic inexpensive pens.  I have always found their shape easy to write with and they last a very long time and seem to put up with a lot of abuse.  These were the go to pens when I was in school.  I have lots of fancy pens now, but I still use these a lot.These are the best you can get when making up School kits for Children overseas and in the U S A of less means.Our Church does many.  The price was good so I bought alot of these packsI am a touring musician in an all-air instrument band and as the lead air guitarist and vocalist, I need, nay, DEPEND on quality, tubular objects that resemble microphones for my live shows.  When I got this product, I noticed that it came in a box of 12.  This is really important to me because the style of music we play (Norwegian Nordic Death Metal/Screamcore) is seriously heavy and I can really abuse my equipment during a heated show.  This one time in Brussels, I went through about 3 different air guitars, all of which ended up broken against amps and support pillars.  Having 11 backups would ensure that I can get through at least 2 sets before needing another box.  After trying the Bic Cristal out for a practice session, I noticed that it didn't really resemble a microphone the way a good broccoli stalk or a fake ice cream cone does, so I took a foam ball (black, of course) and jabbed the pen into it.  This was MAGIC; people could really see that I was yelling into a Sennheiser pro concert wireless mic.  The smooth, transparent look compliments my Norss Svenson Custom 20 electric air guitar's clear slicked finish with black highlights.  I'm planning on taking a box of these and some foam balls with me for my upcoming 45 Nights In Asia tour and I am stoked.The only downside is that they don't have the heft of, say, a salami or a cordless phone, so musicians with less experience might drop these in the middle of a set, like Grunj's air bassist/vocalist Glack O'Leary.  That is the only real bad mark against them.  Otherwise, these are fantastic pens and I will buy more boxes once we get some checks coming in from the tour organizers.  I might even be able to get 2 or more boxes in 1 order, which will really give me the insurance I need to get through Asia.Kudos to Bic!!!Needed pens since my daughter steals them all for school so now I have plenty...glad they were available in bulk at a reasonable price.It seems as if I've always used these very good black ink pens by Bic; I remember writing many a paper for college using pens like these before computers came along. Bic calls these pens "medium point" but the ink is quite clear on the page. The black ink lasts for months--unless you write a lot with these every day in which case they will last a shorter amount of time.The pens are compact and easy to carry with you; this makes them easy to carry because they are so lightweight. The pens are made of plastic with a see through ink tube inside them. The advantage of the see through ink tube is that you can tell when the pen is running low on ink--a great feature!As nerdy as it sounds, gentlemen can easily carry one or two in their shirt pockets. I would keep the cap on, of course.Actually, I would keep the cap on at all times when not using this pen. The ink still inside the pen can dry out rather quickly without the cap being on them. Moreover, you don't want ink to leak out of the pen and make nasty ink stains.Overall, if you want an inexpensive pen that still gives you high quality writing ink, you can't go wrong with these pens by Bic. I have used them for decades with great satisfaction.I highly recommend these pens for anyone wanting an inexpensive but good quality black ink pen.Bic Pens have been around a l-o-n-g time!  I don't remember the firstone I had....but I do remember using them all through school.....It has been said that blue ink conveys a friendlier image than black ink.  So -- even in e-mail, where no pen is involved -- I do try to use blue colour for all correspondence.  E-mail is great, I'm sure you will agree.  But there are times when only a written word will do -- and for those times, this classic, see-through, "crystol" ball pen is ideal!"Inexpensive" need not mean "cheap"....and this definitely is true were this pen is concerned.  It's fun to see at what level the ink supplyhas gone too, and the crystal housing adds an elegant touch!  Strangely, though, I have found some "Bic" crystal pens write with a darker line thanothers,  I don't know why....In England, I have heard, some enterprising people remove the ink tube from an empty Bic pen, and use the crystal housing for building blocks!  That's too hard for me...but it's nice to know ths can be done! The "simple", readily-available Bic crystal pen is not to be taken for granted!  It's a marvel of beauty, of functionality, and of price.  Fancier pens exist...but of course, it's WHAT one writes, not what one writes with, that count!These pens are good for work.....and play!They come not only in blue....but in black, red....and green and purple,too!  After work, have fun with these "adult crayons"....and set your imagination free!P.S.  I have absolutely NO idea why these classic Bic pens -- which almost everyone has used at least once, at one time or another, are listed amongst the "Amazon Oddities" such as 'fresh whole rabbit', 'uranium ore', 'the 2007-2014 outlook for wooden toilet seats in China', 'Tuscan Whole milk', and 'parent-child testing kit', to name just a few.  These are PENS, that one can find in almost any stationery, supermarket or drug store!  They are normal, everyday items!  The only reason I can Possibly think of listing them amongst the "Amazon Oddities" is because they cost over $2 here on Amazon, but if you wait for late August / early September, when stores have "back-to-school" sales on stationery items, you can get the samepens, (OK -- usually 10 pens in a plastic wrapping, not 12 pens, boxed)....for 10c!We use these in our training sessions and no one has complained about a pen not working during the week-long session...I got these because the price of  $2.00 dollars was just  right. The pen write smooth and makes my hand writing look sleek. The only down side to this pen is that it is not bright enough. The red ink in the pen is not bright red but dull red, other then that all good. I would say buy it at this price, You could never have enough pen.Good price and good product from bic .always in need of pens .a box of 12 pens u can keep 6 nd give 6 awayI am a bit OCD on correcting my school work when we go over it in class.  I don't like to erase or white out my answers, instead I like to use a red or another color pen to write in the correct answers so I can go home and look exactly where I made my mistakes and fix it.  These pens live up to the BIC name and are nice and cheap.what's there really to say? Red pens. they write smoothly, they came cheap, so a great deal, and a good buy.Ordered several boxes to keep at home to use as school supplies as well as pens around the house. We can never find pens at home, until this order. These pens work well right from the startThese pens are very smooth and last forever!  A whole box will take care of whatever your pen needs are for quite some time!They are just good pens and that's it. I was hoping the ink would be a little darker but they are not. I'll be using them for a while until I find the ones that matches my style.I don't need a red pen often but I hate having to look for one. So with this great deal, I always have one ready to go.A dozen pens for a little more than a dollar is quite a deal any way you look at it. These pens work right out of the box and write smoothly. I enjoy the absence of those messy globs of ink sometimes associated with inexpensive pens. I use the red pens to grade papers or to mark things that I want to stand out. If you're checking something for the second time, it can be helpful to use two ink colors for differentiating the sets of marks that were made first or second.These pens are not the click type with retractable points. To keep from losing the cap, just keep it on the other end of the pen while writing. Bic guarantees satisfaction with these pens or your money back. With Amazon's usual strong backing, it's like having a double guarantee.Red pens are a teacher's best friend, regardless of what some may claim about the psychological effect of this color on students. I've always found BIC Round Stic Ball Points to be a handy and serviceable red pen. It is cheap, writes easily, and doesn't run out of ink too quickly. You also don't mind swapping or lending them out since they are cheapies.I purchased the pens for little sisters in school they have worked perfectly for them. They arrived on time, the packaging and  pens were not damaged (this has  happened once before but order was from different site). I will definitely be buying these again.While not of the highest quality, these are a steal for this price!!!  I go through pens like crazy so these are perfect to use around the house.  I will order another box to keep extra on hand.BIC has a long history of greatness in writing instruments, and they came through again with this solid, reliable long-lasting pen.  Count on BIC to keep you writing solid.I have now found the PERFECT BLACK PEN'S for me! I was very happy when I tried these out after taking a chance on ordering them! This was a GREAT decision! I have probably every type of Pen Product which has ever been created, Literally! I write most of my life away! I know, does not sound very exciting. However, it is the truth. For these to not be &#34;Gel Pens,&#34; they are the next best thing to use! They write very smoothly and are comfortable to hold. You do not have to press down on them to make the ink flow the way you would like it to. In fact, I like these pens equally as well as &#34;Gel Pen's,&#34; but I am using these more and more! I could not ask for anything better in a pen and MY LIFE HAS BECOME A WHOLE LOT EASIER! I love it when things work out so well. I would recommend these pens to anyone who uses pens! No Doubts or Hesitations about it! THANKS BIC! KEEP THEM COMING! : )I'm sure everyone has had someone ask if they can borrow your pen, and you never get it back.  I lost so many good pens that way.  I hate being mean if someone occasionally forgets one and I have spares.  So now I get a bunch of these bics, and they are perfect if I never get them back.Arrived in new condition and the product worked well and the price was right. What more can anyone want from a purchase they made on line?KenWebmasterAbout Facts NetIt seems as if I've always used these very good black ink pens by Bic; I remember writing many a paper for college using pens like these before computers came along. Bic calls these pens "medium point" but the writing is clear and fine on the page. The black ink lasts for months--unless you write a lot with these every day in which case they will last a shorter amount of time.The pens are compact and easy to carry with you. The pens are made of plastic with an ink tube inside them; this makes them easy to carry because they are so lightweight. As nerdy as it sounds, gentlemen can easily carry one or two in their shirt pockets. I would keep the cap on, of course.Actually, I would keep the cap on at all times when not using this pen. The ink still inside the pen can dry out rather quickly without the cap being on them. Moreover, you don't want ink to leak out of the pen and make nasty ink stains.Overall, if you want an inexpensive pen that still gives you high quality writing ink, you can't go wrong with these pens by Bic. I have used them for decades with great satisfaction.I highly recommend these pens for anyone wanting an inexpensive but good quality black ink pen.-Always on the search for a pen that works right. Happened to pick up a pack of these at one of the big box stores and have been pleasantly surprised. Here's what I like: they aren't hard to get started writing, unlike others; ink doesn't normally clump on the tip and smear until wiped off - unless, of course, I manage to write through a bunch of lint and then I'm asking for it; I can see the amount of ink remaining through the pen's translucent body; and they're slim enough to be slipped into the wire coil of a notebook or clip part of a clipboard or my purse or pocket. They're also inexpensive.The only places I might not use these would be when writing checks (want a certain kind of ink for that), when writing upside down when a gel will flow better or for those who need a fatter pen to grip.Other than those situations, this is now the pen of choice.I got these about 3 days after I made the order. They are good. Simply good. I just thought for a moment that the ink was gonna be more darker, cuz I like to write with dark ink in other colors as well. I got Blue and Red ink also.great for price paid.nothing special but it works.great for my daughter to get used to the pens.they are long lasting tooPurchased these for little sisters in school because other pen brands did not work very good. These pens have worked perfectly all school year and I will be buying them again.These pens are excellent. I love these. They write on first contact, write cleanly, and are comfortable to hold. All 12 pens worked fine, and haven't given me any problems. The cap stays on, when placed on either end. These are medium point, and while I prefer fine point, these are great for just about anything. I also have these in black and red.For this price, you could not ask for more. I bought this to place it at my reception desk as the pens always gets lost after some time.For personal daily usage, I would recommend g2http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001GAOTSW/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B001GAOTSW&linkCode;=as2&tag;=civcikdx-20Bic has been a trusted brand for writing instruments for as long as I can remember. I have yet to have a single Bic pen fail for anything other than running out of ink from excessive use.These pens usually get the job done but they are not the best. Sometimes it is hard to get them to 'write' well. In other words, sometimes the ink does not come out.What a deal!  Writes smoothly and a very good value. The perfect pen to carry around with you.  It writes well and if you lose it you're not freaking out.If you want Bic, you have to buy Bic because this company does not make store brands.  You won't see any name but Bic on a pen made by Bic.The blue ballpoint pens dispense a viscous oil-based dark blue ink that dries almost instantly on paper.  Ball point pens tend to be more reliable than other types, and less expensive.  I've never used a Mont Blanc pen, but grew up using Bic ballpoints and find them more dependable than almost all ballpoint alternative.  Plus the dark blue shows up better than the competitor light blues.  And there are a dozen of them!For this price, you could not ask for more. I bought this to place it at my reception desk as the pens always gets lost after some time.For personal daily usage, I would recommend g2http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001GAOTSW/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B001GAOTSW&linkCode;=as2&tag;=nealo10a-20With this one you'll get compact and lightweight pen, with a tube of blue ink inside, resulting in smooth writing which is looking clear on paper and it's easy to read.Blue ink should last couple of months at least even if you write with these pens everyday but be advised to use cap all the time when you are not using it to prolong its life.This is good inexpensive pen and BIC is worldwide known brand, for its reliability and price fairness. I'm using their pens for a long time and I'm more than satisfied with their quality and durability.You'll not get the better pen for its price.These are a couple bucks at the local office supply store. I love these pens and they are an essential in my office. Will be buying again.Or is it my favorite because it is the cheapest?  Who knows. Here's what I do know: the blue colors on these are lighter (which I personally like), so they're more distinguishable from your darker blue ink on most blue pens. Also, I consistently get to use ALL the ink in every single pen without having the things poop-out on me. I have other pens that cost twice as much and I'm sitting there looking at a cartridge of full ink, going, "C'MON!!..what are you WAITING for?!!!". I usually just toss them. I still have a few left over, unfortunately. These are my go-to's and they're extremely reliable. A+I don't know about you, but the monster in my house that picked off socks for years has added pens to his appetite, and he does it voraciously and without prejudice.  In my mind, it resembles the thing from Stephen King's &#34;It&#34; with the dude from the Waltons and Jack Tripper from Three's Company, except mine has socks and pens stuck in its grill.  So I bought a box of these to strategically place around the house to use and sacrifice to this unholy pen-consuming beast from the depths of Hades' underworld.  They are easier to replace than my Pilot G2's.  They also make good back-scratchers in a pinch, but if you do that in front of your wife you'll feel you're better off dueling that thing from &#34;It.&#34;Needed to order anything to get to the "eligible for FREE Super Saver Shipping on orders over $25.00" on another item. they were cheaper then so I made the purchase and decided to donate these pens to charity. Not to worry, They work wonderful.always need pens as was good for a stocking stuffer .cheap and a whole box  .the price u would pay for one pen u get a whole boxGreat inexpensive product.  We go through a lot of pens at the office.  This is a great answer at a great price.I like the way the ink flows in the Bic Round Stics.  These pens rarely bleed out.  It's always nice to have a box of pens on hand just in case you need them.  Thanks, Amazon.I prefer a click pen...less work.  this came by mistake.  You might like it.  If you are writing the great American Novel- get another pen.After a while you realize there are just some pens you prefer more than others. I have a collection of misfit pens in a kitchen drawer and realized, after doing a lot of writing, some are way more pleasant to write with. This is one of these pens. I like the weight, the ink, the ease, the smoothness, the color, the thickness of the pen itself, the materials it's made out of, the length of it, the appearance and the price. When you do a lot of writing, it's great to have tools you like. The right pen, paper, place to sit, beverage etc.This pen is just a great, go-to pen for every day writing in journals, reviews, grocery lists or whatever. And it's great to buy them in bulk so you always have one around within arm's reach--or so you don't have to go looking for a pen. These seem to last a good while, too--they write 4300 feet? Sounds good! For a basic pen that writes well, these are worth buying.These were actually an add on to make up the $25.00 order.  Gave them away as I am not really fond of blue ink.  Work good though.Okay, so I have a *slight* addiction to office supplies. And blue ink pens are my favorite. I may like these a little too much.It seems as if I've used these very good blue ink pens by Bic for ages; I remember writing many a paper for college using pens like these before computers came along. Bic calls these pens "medium point" but the writing is quite clear and easy to read on the page. The blue ink lasts for months--unless you write a lot with these every day in which case they will last a shorter amount of time.The pens are compact and easy to carry with you. The pens are made of plastic with an ink tube inside them; this makes them easy to carry because they are so lightweight. As nerdy as it sounds, gentlemen can easily carry one or two in their shirt pockets. I would keep the cap on, of course.Actually, I would keep the cap on at all times when not using this pen. The ink still inside the pen can dry out rather quickly without the cap being on them. Moreover, you don't want ink to leak out of the pen and make nasty ink stains.Overall, if you want an inexpensive pen that still gives you high quality writing ink, you can't go wrong with these pens by Bic. I have used them for decades with great satisfaction.I highly recommend these pens for anyone wanting an inexpensive but good quality blue ink pen.They are pens. They have blue ink. They write in multiple languages. They can do math and science too. My new pens are amazing, and my life is better for having them.I found that these pens did not write well. I would not recommend them even for a filler item as often I find air bubbles in the ink and have to scribble several times while I am writing.  These went in the trash.I guess this pens would do for a while. They are normal. Nothing amazing about them. They are just good.I'm giving it 5 stars for value alone.  I love Bic ball points.  They write well, dependably, and last.  Other than that there is absolutely nothing special about this pen.  I prefer the Pilot V5 or G2, but when I want a bunch of cheap pens laying around the house to be handily available, these Bics suffice.I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THESE PENS AND REALLY LOVE THE COLOR OF THE BLUE. IT'S NOT LIKE ANY OTHER USUAL BLUE..IT'S REALLY VERY NICE AND WRITES WELL. THANK YOU!This was an awesome deal compared to the prices at my daughters college for 6 of these kind of pens. I wont have to buy pens for a while.I have always loved these type of pens. The fancy ones I remember my dad always using are somewhat messy and dry if you leave the cap off. These much cheaper ones work much better for me. They are more comfortable to hold, they don't dry up if you leave the cap off, and if you do run into a problem, just toss the pen away and get another because they cost about $.10 each.No, these pens will not satisfy the stationery snob, but for the money they are a bargain. I'm one who can't hold on to a pen more than a week or two. Either I lose or misplace the pen, or it grows little feet and walks away. The round stick Bic pens do write on the first try and last as long as I own it which is not very long (See above.)These are not clicker pens, so there are no springs or refills to fool with. Attach the lid to the end of the pen to keep from losing it. I have a bad habit of playing with the pocket clip on pens and usually break off the ones attached to the click pens. On these Bic round pens the pocket clip attached to the cap is hard to break and so far have been Potato Head proof.These pens are great to purchase for a student who goes through many pens or for an office where pens routinely disappear. Connoisseurs of fine writing instruments might want to pass on these Bic Bargains.The Bic round pens are made in Mexico and backed by a performance satisfaction guarantee from Bic.Bic pens have a reputation for just working, and these do the job just well.  They always work, don't clog up, and at a great price.Have to give these five stars, especially at this nice price point, since there's no reason one could possibly dislike these pens.  Feel good, write smoothly, lots of ink, people steal them, etc..A box of pens that actually work for under $2, YES please! I will likely be adding a box of these on to every order for a while...I prefer Fine point pens.  These pens are excellent. I love these. They write on first contact, write cleanly, and are comfortable to hold. All 12 pens worked fine, and haven't given me any problems. The cap stays on, when placed on either end. I would prefer even more if the point were finer, but these are still great for anything. I also have these in blue color and those are also perfect.I really can not have enough pens.  These pens are perfect for everyday use.WRITES REALLY NICE, GAVE ONE MY CO WORKER AND HE LOVES IT SO MUCH HE'S KEEPING A SPARE ON HAND WHEN HE RUNS OUT OF INKHIGHLY RECOMMED THIS PENWrites smoothly.  Great price.I keep this product on hand for every day use.  I have them on the desk an din my purse. They last a long time.It seems as if I've used these very good black ink pens by Bic for ages; I remember writing many a paper for college using pens like these before computers came along. Bic calls these pens "fine point" but the writing is quite clear and easy to read on the page. The black ink lasts for months--unless you write a lot with these every day in which case they will last a shorter amount of time.The pens are compact and easy to carry with you. The pens are made of plastic with an ink tube inside them; this makes them easy to carry because they are so lightweight. As nerdy as it sounds, gentlemen can easily carry one or two in their shirt pockets. I would keep the cap on, of course.Actually, I would keep the cap on at all times when not using this pen. The ink still inside the pen can dry out rather quickly without the cap being on them. Moreover, you don't want ink to leak out of the pen and make nasty ink stains.Overall, if you want an inexpensive pen that still gives you high quality writing ink, you can't go wrong with these pens by Bic. I have used them for decades with great satisfaction.I highly recommend these pens for anyone wanting an inexpensive but good quality black ink pen.These are a nice pen for about anything and priced well. Not worried about losing to those sneaky pen thieves that borrow and do not give back. Each one works great.I'm a writer and handwrite all my books so I've used many brands of pens over the years, including other types of Bic pens, and at first I was impressed with these. The color was consistent, the pen was lightweight, and they write smooth every time.  I often forget to put the caps back on these and they've never dried out nor have I needed to scribble on a piece of scrap paper to get the ink flowing.However, after using them for a few days, I started to notice that there were constant ink globs that I had to keep wiping off the end of the tip or risk smearing what I was writing. I had to keep a tissue next to me while writing so I could wipe off the end every few minutes! Not only that, but the ink kept staining my fingers when a small glob would come off the end and it is VERY hard to get this ink off skin. It even got under my fingernail, which is even harder to wash off. Aside from the constant globs and stained fingers, these pens also need comfort grips. Bottom line, splurge on some more expensive pens that you don't have to keep wiping off! These are going in the trash!i am a cheapo pen guy, i like a good pen, and i like cheap pens, and this pen meets both my requirements.I prefer Fine point pens.  These pens are excellent. I love these. They write on first contact, write cleanly, and are comfortable to hold. All 12 pens worked fine, and haven't given me any problems. The cap stays on, when placed on either end. I would prefer even more if the point were finer, but these are still great for anything.I like these pens, they don't leak and leave a very smooth and clear and even ink line on the surface of my paper.  My old stand by pens, I like to use them and buy them myself for my personal use at the office.It seems as if I've always used these very good blue ink pens by Bic; I remember writing many a paper for high school and college using pens like these before computers came along. Bic calls these pens "fine point" but the writing is clear and fine on the page. The blue ink lasts for months--unless you write a lot with these every day in which case they will last a shorter amount of time.The pens are compact and easy to carry with you. The pens are made of plastic with an ink tube inside them; this makes them easy to carry because they are so lightweight. As nerdy as it sounds, gentlemen can easily carry one or two in their shirt pockets. I would keep the cap on, of course.Actually, I would keep the cap on at all times when not using this pen. The ink still inside the pen can dry out rather quickly without the cap being on them. Moreover, you don't want ink to leak out of the pen and make nasty ink stains.Overall, if you want an inexpensive pen that still gives you high quality writing ink, you can't go wrong with these pens by Bic. I have used them for decades with great satisfaction.I highly recommend these pens for anyone wanting an inexpensive but good quality blue ink pen.I'm a writer and handwrite all my books so I've used many brands of pens over the years, including other types of Bic pens, and these are the best I've tried! The color is vibrant, the pen is lightweight, and they write smooth every time with no globs. I often forget to put the caps back on these and I've had them for months and they've never dried out nor have I needed to scribble on a piece of scrap paper to get the ink flowing - it writes cleanly the first time, every time. I think the only thing that could make it better would be a comfort grip but these are top notch for the price!My kids go through pens like there's no tomorrow, so I decided to try these due to the very good price.  They are great! They write smoothly and no skipping (unlike most cheap pens I've tried before). I also love the fact that they are available in fine point.  I am going to order more, you can't bet this good deal!these are a good brand of pen.  i always opt for bic lighters, and would similarly recommend their pens. oneThese are great pens.... write every time and very smooth.  I have even used them as refills in pens I love.I've often looked in stores for what seems to be the most simple, effective pens I've ever used and am always surprised when I don't find them. I finally decided to check out Amazon and BAM, here they are! I'm loading up on these suckers.For the price, this is the best pen on the market, and it is retractable.  The pen is comfortable in your hand and is writes so smoothly, and it comes in several ink colors.  I ordered more of them in the blue ink!It seems as if I've used these very good black ink pens by Bic for so long now; I remember writing many a paper for graduate school and Spanish continuing education classes using only pens like these before computers came along. Bic calls these pens "medium point" but the writing is clear and very easy to read on the page. The black ink lasts for months--unless you write a lot with these every day in which case they will last a shorter amount of time.The pens are compact and easy to carry with you. The pens are essentially made of plastic with an ink tube inside them; this makes them easy to carry because they are so lightweight. As nerdy as it sounds, gentlemen can easily carry one or two in their shirt pockets. I would make sure the pen was retracted before carrying it in any pocket, however.Actually, I would keep the pen retracted at all times when not using this pen. The ink still inside the pen can dry out rather quickly with the pen open to the air. Moreover, you don't want ink to leak out of the pen and make nasty ink stains.My only disappointment--and this is minor--is that these pens are not refillable. However, this is a minor disappointment; I still like these pens a lot and I use them almost always.Overall, if you want an inexpensive pen that still gives you high quality writing ink, you can't go wrong with these pens by Bic. I have used them for ages with great satisfaction.I highly recommend these pens for anyone wanting an inexpensive but good quality black ink retractable pen.I had these at work & these are the pens I prefer to use. I like it that is a click stick.Bought These pens for the office, they write smooth and the price was low.  They seem to out last many other pens on ink.I go through a lot of pens between home and work, so I have tried quite a few inexpensive black pens over time.  The Bic Clic Stics are my current favorite in this category.  First, the pens are fantastically priced (roughly fifty cents each).  Second, they write very smoothly with no smudging, unlike some Paper Mate pens I've tried.  Third, they last a long time without drying out or leaking.  Fourth, did I mention how cheap they are?I generally like wide point pens because I like dark writing, but these medium points write dark enough for my taste and allow me to write in small script if needed.  So they are perfect for a wide variety of writing tasks.  I use them, for example, with my daily planner because the pens enable me to write small enough to record all of my appointments on the small calendar pages, but the print also turns out dark enough that everything is legible and easy to read.  The Bic Clic Stics are a good workhorse pen that will get most writing jobs done satisfactorily.You can buy pens and lighters from anywhere/anybody, but "Bic" has a reputation that is second to none, but "Parker" or "Sharpie".But we KNOW what a review is about:FOR THE P=R=I=C=E... you cannot buy a better I==N==E==X==P==E==N=S==I==V==E lighter -- or pen -- anywhere!If you are a fan of soft feel retractable pens, you will probably like these ones. They work fine.But have you tried their older cousin, the classic BiC Cristal Stics (and I mean *classic,* like 1959 classic)? They are cheap-looking, ultra-simple pens, so they may not have graced your hand if you (like me) thought that a pen needs to be "soft feel" or "rubber gripped" to be comfortable. But then you'd be (like I was) missing the genius of these pens.The classic BiC's were designed exceptionally, like bizarrely well. And I don't mean in a quaint, historical way. In a modern way -- no, in a *timeless* way -- the classic BiC's adhere magnificently to principles of space, form, structure, density, and gravity. Because of their hexagonal shape, they require minimal plastic while also retaining a surprising strength (try snapping one), and the hexagonal grip points give the pens impressive writing stability. A tiny hole drilled in the barrel's body keeps the air pressure the same both inside and outside the pen. Gravity feeds the thick ink down a tube to a free-spinning ball bearing that was manufactured within a fraction of a micron of accuracy. The result is that when the pen is pressed against paper, the ink slides out cleanly and, well,... perfectly. It's not only one of the most inexpensive pens (less than $1.50 for a pack of 10), it's also probably the most efficient pen, with a single pen able to write over 100,000 words (or about 2 novels). Hopefully this helps you understand why, when describing the classic BiC's, I am comfortable using the word "masterpiece."And hopefully this helps you understand why, in comparison, clunky and over-designed "soft feel" pens seem somewhat repulsive.Sorry if I come off as a pen snob.Writes well.  My impression when I first wrote with it was that it was really smooth.Maybe it's the wideness and grip that dampens the writing compared to a full plastic, thin stick pen?But this thing, the Bic Soft Feel, has a major problem.  The thing is press fitted together instead of screwed.  So the tip slides itself into the barrel as you're writing and you have press the two halves of the barrel back into each other after every 3 words you write.I guess you could super glue it together... and perhaps not all of them have this problem... but that's my experience and it's totally unacceptable.Update:  No, they all have the automatic disintegration feature.Our office uses these pens. They are wonderfully smooth and fluid. Very easy to write with and free-flowing. Great for writing on envelopes. I don't particularly care for the rubberized grip. It picks up dust and specks and I don't like the feel of it, but it does not detract from the excellent writing quality.The pen is refillable, if you are inclined to do so, by twisting off the bottom section and sticking in a new tube of ink.I donated them to the office of a church group which needed ballpoint pens, and they were very grateful, as they had asked for these certain brands.I'm a cheap pen addict. I've been through all the gels, the Space pen, and some fountain pens. I keep coming back to the humble ballpoint because it simply lasts longer and seems more durable in day-to-day use. It's the one type of pen that can write on any type of paper (shiny, porous, etc.) without worry.I had the chance to try a Bic retractable pen a while back. It was emblazoned with some pharmacy's name but I was impressed with its performance. I use black ink exclusively and, in the cheap pen market, a good black pen is really hard to find. Up until now, it was the Fisher Space pen - but it's far from perfect. The Space pen often quits before fully exhausting the reservoir. I compare that with my Bic Crystal experiences from when I was a child. I would hang onto one of those until the barrel was completely clear - all its ink expelled in use. Anyway, back to the pen at hand here.I picked up a 12 pack of Bic Soft Feel Retractable pens from a local Walgreens. I haven't seen them being sold in quantities less than that. Even at a dozen, they were only about $7 - a little over fifty cents a pen. The barrel isn't clear so you'll never know when you're out of ink but the soft feel is exquisite. The click top is a simple (read "cheap") piece of black plastic but it's functional and resounds with a satisfying "click" when you use it. Further down the barrel is a slightly wider barrel wrap - also soft feeling. The pen is feather-light and well balanced and the line it lays is as pitch-black as the Space pen (a $25 pen). Making loops with this Bic shows almost zero gapping in the line - actually performing better than the Space pen. All this in a pen I can give away to someone on the bus (because I keep half a dozen in my backpack). I highly recommend this pen and will be picking up a 12 pack of blue ones for my wife (since she prefers blue to black).but I think a little overpriced.  These pens write well and have a clip so I can attach it to my collar if there are no pockets in my shirt.  One of its main attractions to me is the fact that they are medium point and available with black ink.  Oh yeah, Forgot to mentioned they do have a soft grip that feels very nice.I've actually kept a few of these for myself and sent the rest to school. Nice grip, ink flows easily, no cap to fool with, well-made. Less price than we  found it at the store and without the hassle of fighting back-to-school crowds for it. Love that we can do our school shopping here at Amazon. With Prime, shipping is free.. we have gas, hassle and time. Thanks, Amazon!This is our second choice of pens after the Bic Clic Stic.  They write very smoothly, and the soft feel is very comfortable in your fingers.  Warning: Everyone you come in contact with will try to steal this pen from you after they see how good it feels. They look like a very expensive pen and everyone wants them.I have tons of pens but whenever I'm submerged in one of my writing sessions, the BIC Soft Feels are the pens I choose. Great pens.My husband has to sign papers all day for his job and he loves these pens. They don't smear and get the job done. Long lasting as well.These pens don't over bleed or run, they are smooth. I like them. I am glad I got a case of 12...!I have a wide variety of ink pens and my annoyance with the cheaper pens have always been the chore of having to rewrite over a printed letter or two in order to get the ink flowing again. This brand, while cheap, tends to give me that problem if I don't write immediately with it while note-taking. If this was a problem with all roller ball pens, I wouldn't dock it for it. But, I have cheaper pens that don't give me this problem, so that's why it annoys me. The pens do write beautifully and smooth, though, which is why I still recommend them if you don't mind retracing your letters every now and then. The more expensive pens from uni-ball seem to be free of this problem though, so if you've got the cash, you might want to try one of those as well. Good luck.These are my absolutely most favorite pens...the lines are clean and smooth and lay down jsut the right amount of ink.  I always end up having to give them away because once someone tries them they want one for themselves.  Share the joy I say!THESE ARE WONDERFUL, INEXPENSIVE FINE POINT PENS. THEY ARE ABOUT HALF THE COST OF PILOT V-5, MY OTHER FAVORITE WRITING TOOL. THE UNIBALL STICKS ARE VERY SIMPLE, WITH A SKINNY BARREL AND A MINIMALIST FEEL. THEY ARE INDEED STICK-LIKE. BUT THE LINE IS EXACT, THE INK FLOWS, NOTICING NO SMEARAGE. FOR A BASIC PEN TO STOCK UP ON, THESE CAN'T BE BEAT.I actually first found out about this pen in a school meeting, we had to fill some paper work out and they let us borrow these pens, the moment I saw the pen and started using it I instantly just saw how great these pens were and I had to buy some for my self. These pens are great, they are very stylish on the outside and are made of recycled electronics! Writing with this pen is really smooth and I really love its micro point tip (0.5mm), which unlike other pens that are fine point like some Sharpy pens that I have used whose points get bent or damaged if you press to hard with them these pens are sturdy and super clean! They don't smudge the paper because the ink dries really quick and overall its simply a great pen that I highly recommend! From now on when I am out of pens, I will continue to buy these great pens! I rate these pens a perfect 5 out of 5 stars!I hope this review helped you out!Update: 2/11/13After having these pens for some more time I realized that some of the pens in the box are dry, not all of them just like 3 of them. Also I have noticed that the pens work great at a certain angle, otherwise the ink flow is not consistent and it doesn't write. I have lowered my rating to 4 stars, but these are sill nice pens overall.some works some don'trated 5 star cuz it feels good in the handdoesn't feel cheap at allkind of pricy for what they are but everything costs so much more these days.  So far, they do not leakMy husband loves the roller ball pens but other brands are so much more expensive.  This makes it a great buy.  The only complain he has is keep misplacing his caps...These Uni-ball pens are my favorites for writing. I have used them since I worked as an engineer for a large corporation and they supplied them for use by their employees. They write very smoothly and last a long time. the 0.5 mm point is my favorite. Since having retired and not receiving anymore of these pens, I recently used up the last one I had from work. I looked at them at the local big chain office supply store, and they did not have them for sale individually and a package of 3 of them was $15, more than I was willing to pay for 3 pens. So, when I thought about it I looked on Amazon for them and found a box of 12 for $5.99, and I bought them. Now I am writing in style again. If you write a lot you should give these Uni-ball pens a try, you'll like them, I'm sure.First of all, I know pens. I usually buy pens 6 dozen or so at a time. For 10-12 years, all I used was Bic Round Stics. I started using them in college and never changed. They write well, are comfortable and fit my hand great, and when they go out of ink or become unusable, I toss the pen and get another one.I still like the Bics and use them occassionally (in Blue, Red, and even Green), but my main pen now is the Onyx micro (.2). The Onyx keeps a similar (at least to me) fit in terms of roundness size that the Bic had. The fine (.3) is a bit too big for my tastes (even though I always used medium bics), but I think that's what most people use. Anyway, the pen flows well on most types of paper. I keep a dozen or more in my briefcase, and I have a half dozen boxes each of blue and red handy at home and in my office. I don't use black pens since I always want to tell an original from a copy.The one problem is that I tend to write faster and less legible with this pen. When legibility is a concern, I stay with the Bic. The only other thing I still like better about the Bic is that I willingly put that in a pants/shorts pocket, but not the Onyx. The Bic top WILL NOT come off unintentionally, while the Onyx is a little less secure. Shirt or coat pocket wise, the Onyx is fine -- in fact, much better than the Bic.The Onyx is a lot more expensive than the Bic, but never seems to dry up and you can write on copy type paper without any indentations. I write on legal pads all the time and the ink doesn't run through the paper. Forget the gel roller pens, just get the Onyx and you'll be happy with it.I've been a teacher for the last 20 years and I have used the uni-ball pens almost exclusively in that time. I buy my own pens and these are not cheap pens by any means, but I do a lot of writing and I like to have a pen that I know will write well, not skip or sputter and that just generally feels good in my hand. The uni-ball fits the bill. It leaves a nice, sharp line and makes writing not so much of a chore. If you buy them I hope that you are as happy as I am with them and thanks for taking the time to read my review.These pens write smooth and last a long time. They are also wonderful for drawing as well. Glad I purchased a whole box.Well, when they say &#34;fine point&#34;, they don't really mean it, I guess, because this pen is perfect for me, and I do not enjoy a fine point pen. I enjoy a pen that's borderline a marker, but thinner than that so that I could actually write in a notebook for school.These pens have always been my favorites. They aren't too thick so that there's ink all over, they're just perfect.RecommendedUNIBALL VISION ROLLER BALL PEN, DISPOSABLE, FINE (0.7mm) POINT ~ This is a unique pen I simply must review. This in particular is the pen my wife first bought me accidentally, instead of getting me my usual Pilot pen. This writing instrument is a matter of health for me. So I think you should know about this.The Vision is my favorite of all Uniball pens containing Uniball's special ink. It is slender--and these days that makes it tough for me to write with it--but I can live with that. The point for some reason reminds me of a fountain pen, though it is a rollerball. The ink laydown is smooth and perfect all the time, but this pen does bleed like a stuck pig! Its fine 0.7 mm point paradoxically offers a much bolder and blacker line than theUni-ball Jetstream 101 Bold Point Rollerball Pens, Colored Ink, 5 Pens (1772525)bold point (which is a 1.0 mm point, see my review).Uniball is a renowned pen for its special ink (called Super Uni-ink, or Uni-ink, or a name to that effect), which features a non-bleeding special ink formula designed to thwart counterfeiters when used for check-writing. This is because the Uniball ink BONDS with the paper the moment it is laid-down (that means "when you write"). This ink is long-lasting, permanent, non-smearing and non-fading, so we would technically state "the lay-down is perfect and 100%". The ink reservoir is generous.When my wife first bought me a Uniball pen, I was pretty furious. Never having used one, bearing in mind I'm a Pilot man all the way when it comes to roller-ball pens (even though I love aCross Edge Capless Gel Ink Pen, Jet Black (AT0555-2)). However, I keep a medical log. This is no silly diary with entries complaining about phantom heart attacks. My medical diary consists of aide-memoires about medications, symptoms I have to track and any other problems.It is literally my life on notebook paper; even my physicians have come to rely on that medical log during office visits. Needless to say, the pen I use for that log is vital. The Uniball handles even the cheapest of paper as if it were Her Majesty's triple cream-laid paper. It never commits ANY of the typical gel pen funny business. It does not smear, bleed through even one side of the paper to the other, nor will it ever fade. In addition, this is the type of pen I love to use as a writer, author and scientist.NOTE: Of all the Uniballs available, be aware of the ones that have the special ink...not all models have it (such as theuni-ball Onyx Stick Fine Point Roller Ball Pens, 12 Black Ink Pens(60143), which is actually adequate but skips too much for my taste).The ones that DO CONTAIN UNIBALL'S SPECIAL INK besides the DELUXE model are:Uni-ball Jetstream 101 Bold Point Rollerball Pens, 12 Black Ink Pens (1768011)uni-ball Stick Micro Point Roller Ball Pens, 12 Black Ink Pens(60151)uni-ball Vision Elite Stick Micro Point Roller Ball Pens, 12 Black Ink Pens (69000). All are available in packs of one dozen in disposable form, and most also available in refillable ballpoint-style. I advise the purchase of the "fine" point which is 0.7 mm.This is my pen of choice and of necessity for my medical writings. All of my review is the very highest and most sincere recommendation I could possibly make for any product here on Amazon. This is a product upon which my very life depends. Don't you think you owe it a try? ~ because I'll guarantee it ... with my life.0.7 mm is the most conferrable tip size, anything bigger are for kids.Quite simply the best disposable pen out there.  For the price and quality, the Uni-ball Vision pen line is the best out there.  The ink is light-year smoother then normal dry ink pen.  The pen looks good and has no fancy parts to it.  You can jaunt down very fast notes since the ink flow very rapid.  You can see how much ink you have through a clear spot in the middle.The more expensive Gel is the only ink that is smoother and has less blending then the Vision.Introduction:This is a non-refillable roller ball pen, colored in a neutral white/silver/light beige with oblong accents.  The nib is a fine point.Performance:For the price, you get a very smooth flowing pen, smoother than most pens in the fine/medium range.  The point is not designed for detail work.  Instead, the pen is best for fast note taking (more so than a medium point, for example).  You can also get a decent signature out of it, although for that purpose some will prefer the medium point. The blue is your basic blue, neither especially rich nor washed out.  Due to the relatively short, regular nib, there is very little variation in line width, but the pen does write precisely. The pen is comfortable, but feels a bit too thin and light.Looks:The pen is very pedestrian looking, with a nondescript (except maybe "boring") color, and repeated clear oblong shapes surrounding the pen's middle.  When the ink supply is low, these oblong windows reveal how much is left (although this takes a little effort).  A more efficient procedure is to hold the pen nib up and look through the clear section (though with non-functional lines printed on it) above the nib. Perhaps the designers were going for a retro early 60`s look with these accents, but they aren't enough: It's just not a very attractive pen.Features:The pen has a snap-on cap, a broad, functioning clip. There is no grip surface on the pen, but slight widening in the midsection helps one hold it. Although the end screws off with considerable effort, the pen is not refillable.Summary:Fortunately, this inexpensive pen's best quality is probably also the most important:  For a tip on the fine side, it writes smoothly--with no or little skipping.  This is uncommon in a pen at this price.  A better looking pen with a richer blue ink is the Zebra  Zeb Roller 2000 Rollerball Pen,0.7mm, Blue Ink/Gold Barrel &lt;ASIN = B0006OM72E>.  Compared to this pen, the Zebra rollerball is more like a medium point, but it looks better, has a rich blue ink, and writes just as well.Good Product.I have used these pens for many years and keep extras for family andfriends, because when they use them they want one also.I have been using the Vision Elite Bold Roller Ball Pen for years going back to college and grad school when I would take pages and pages of notes. It is definitely my favorite pen.  It provides a nice, smooth, bold ink flow without worrying about smudging or smearing.  It is the perfect amount of bold ink flow without being &#34;marker&#34; like and it just writes nicer than any other store brand of pen out there. I am very picky about the pens I use and this has always been my go to favorite for work, home, anywhere. If you like bold clean writing I would definitely recommend trying the Uniball Vision Elite.  There are plenty of colors to choose from as well...I prefer the dark purple which is dark enough to still look professional but gives a little personality to my writing.This has been my favorite pen for a least the past 10 years! I discovered them while in college...back when taking notes was the norm. I love them for their incredibly smooth writing quality and bold point. For me, the point is the perfect combination of a smoother bold point, while not being over bold and making it too difficult to write small. The ink is dark and I only use one side of the page to ensure everything stays legible. I love the blue/black color - very unique and stands out compared to more traditional blue or black inks.Some reviewers complained about a short life, but I always thought they held up well to regular use as they got me through college where I would take pages of notes each day. Today, as a middle school teacher, they last me for a very long time. The pen is sharply designed and I don't mind it sticking out of my shirt pocket. Highly recommend buying on Amazon with Prime shipping - cheaper than the big box office supply stores in my area too.Love these pens .... ink flow is very smooth and glad I got these. Good to have around the house.I love these pens!  They're comfortable in the hand, and write beautifully.  The writing point is not what I'd consider "bold" (oh, how I miss the Flair felt tips of yesteryear), but is legible and easy to read.  Great for notes, checks, and 3M carbonless forms!Very dark black, goes on smoothly, nice grip, etc. I have noticed that depending on the angle you hold it either too much or not enough ink comes out. So you do need to adjust how you write a bit. Not that big of a deal though.The pens are very comfortable to use. They write smoothly without skipping, and do not smudge. The black ink leaves clear, solid and even strokes. They also work equally well with either hand. A problem for many left handed users is that pushing instead of pulling makes it more likely for pens to skip or not deliver ink. Moving your hand immediately over what you just wrote can contribute to smudging. And some pens can poke through the paper when used in the left hand. Most people reading this are probably right handed, and I found that these pens work equally well regardless of which hand I write with. Even with the right hand they are smoother. If they work well with the left hand, you can expect them to work far better than most pens with the right hand.This is my second one of this brand, having used the first up. The product works fine and has lasted reasonably well. I would give this a thumbs up and recommend it.A must have for anyone dealing with cash transactions, whether it be your garage sale or selling stuff on craigs list.Works as advertised.  Leaves a pale golden yellow mark on US currency, and a easily distinguishable black mark on anything else.Seems to work fine, but I do not have any counterfeit bills to test against....  Seems like the light things would be better, but if you need cheap, this seems to fit the bill.  Saw one at the dollar store last week.....Used these at a job I use to work at.  Got some for my business as I travel.  Works great!I was getting ready to sell my old convertible and read an online article about counterfeit money so decided to pick one up.  Amazon was cheaper than normal office stores.  tested pen, works as described.The first one was opened and dried out.  I was sent a second one and that works great.  This only offers a little bit of protection and by no means will ensure you won't receive counterfeit bills.  Research this before you buy.  I did, but still wanted some protection.I think this pen is works's well.Everybody work with cash should have one .Help you push the bad pepple awayI LIKE HOW IT FEEL IN MY HAND I HAVE BLUE INK IN IT FOR SIGNING LEGAL DOCUMENTS.I ALSO HAVE THE BLACK ONE FOR BLACK INK.For the price I would't buy this again.  I bought 25 medium point black ink pens for less than this one and they don't skip like this one does.  Maybe it's just a lemon?  I was hoping for much more.I have some arthritis now from a previous accident. THIS PEN is wonderful. Classy looking, comfortable ... the perfect pen. Get some!I bought a few of these over the last few years and have managed to misplace them or have someone borrow the pen and not return it.  I have been looking for a replacement in the drugstores, box stores, etc. as I especially wanted one since I have had a stroke and my handwriting has gotten sloppy.  Then I thought of looking for it here on Amazon and was happy to get it. It fits my hand perfectly. I need a wider than normal pen because my writing is sometimes erratic and I get can a good grip on this pen. Also it never smears or skips.This is a good pen; it's the fatter type that is supposed to keep your hands from getting tired.  Shipper sent item quickly.This pen is as close to an ideal pen, as I have used. Thickness is enough that that your fingers feel relaxed and it won't give you the Writer's cramp. The grip is nonskid and the ink does not smudge or leak. Writing flow is smooth but not the best. The pen looks nice and the metal clip grips the pocket securely. It comes in black color tooPaper Mate PhD Retractable Ballpoint Pen, Medium Point, 1.0 mm, Black Barrel/Ink (67204). Personally, I prefer the cherry color.I have written for several hours a day for 30 plus years and this is the most practical and ergonomic of the pens I have used.This pen writes well and is easy on my arthitic wrist.  I have always been a fan of Paper Mate.I love these pens. I use them at work everyday. I work in a kitchen and we use our pens almost as much as we do the stove. Constantly writing recipes and to-do lists.They fit perfectly in your hand and the grips are great.If you like very fine tipped pens, you will love these. I  have very small hands and the grip is in no way intrusive, only comfortable.These are the only pens that I will use until 100% empty. I purchase them for my own use at my office (and home too, yes) because these are MINE sucker. Touch them and feel my wrath.Get them.This pen is as good as it gets. Not a fancy expensive breast-pocket pen, but a reliable easily held, comfortable grip, useful pen for all professional usages. My writing and editing for publications and a newspaper column gets use of this Pentel R.S.V.P. Pen regularly, even though much of the work is writing is done with computers.  The fine point (0.7) easily gets notes and suggestions and changes written in the smallest spaces.  Red is preferred for editing.  Also works great on my Christmas card signing.The black pens, work well for all sorts of handwritten needs from personal letters to check writing.  Great for that undesired, but must every year at tax time, when those tax forms have to be filled out with their small spaces. Other colors work for other needs.  All have a good strong, but very fine, very readable line that never smears.  Caps snaps on tight, assuming to help preserve ink. Clear pen so you never have to guess the ink content.  If you run out at a bad time, it's your own fault.My wife and I are both sold on these pens, she using them even more than myself. For pencil use, I go with the Pentel Mechanical pencils, preferring the .05 lead with any pencil activity.  That's a practice I picked up in teaching.Good all-purpose ink pen w/fine point.  I like purple for some things- note taking in Bible margins, making notes on my calendar, etc.  It's a decent inexpensive pen.I was in the middle of balancing my check book when the last one I had finished, jumped online immediately and reordered because I just love writing with these pens especially the fine tip. They just make the writing look so much prettier.Back in school, I used to use these Pentel pens quite a bit.  They were still relatively new, and the blue ink was the best.  I decided to try them again and picked up a few boxes on Amazon in various colors.  They're nice, but the fine points don't feel very smooth on the paper.  The purple ink is nice but I have better ones by Bic.  I remember these pens being better quality years ago.  The pen itself is a bit chunky and has a grip, it's pretty comfortable to hold, but I think would get tiresome after writing for a long time.I think they're okay to try if you find them on sale.  But for a really nice purple ballpoint pen, look into the ones that Bic has.  They are medium point which I think is better.I work as a clerk in an office where I will write the same thing about 50 - 150 times a day, depending on what I'm doing. This is prime testing ground for the pens, highlighters, and markers that we use on a daily basis. While the office provides us with pens, they write with thick ink, created spotty lines with gaps in the ink, and are just all around crappy. This set me out in search of a pen that performs well, every time you pick it up.This pen is it. It's not too fancy, but not uncomfortable to use. Priced well and lasts for about a work month (5 days a week) for me with heavy daily use. After I began using these at work, I realized how much I missed them when I was doing my school work and began using them for class work as well. I've been using them now for several years and I've never been disappointed with these pens.I love the feel of this pen, and the ink is nice and smooth. Also, the point is fine enough that it makes my handwriting more legible. Can't beat it, and a great price.It's easy to fall in love with the Pilot V5 if you have never used a fluid rollerball before.  The ink flows out so readily, and it maintains a steady output until it dies.  But those two features are true of almost any fluid rollerball (fluid rollerballs having a free-flowing ink tank, not a marker-style sponge pressed against the back side of the ball).Aside from having chosen to make a pen in that category, Pilot isn't offering anything special here.  The ball tip is among the crudest on the market, and no description of its construction could include the words "quality" or "precision".  Much like the BIC Triumph, the V5 ensures ink flow through its poorly-manufactured tip by using a very loose, rattling ball.  It isn't just noisy, it has an inconsistent feel against the paper.If you like rollerball pens, and particularly if you like the V5, try a Uni-Ball Vision instead (a series with several models).  Uni-Ball's Vision series uses a fluid ink system much like the V5, but produces free-flowing ink by using a ball tip which is manufactured accurately.  It feels smoother, makes much less noise, and has a more stable tip which is less prone to wiggling and bending.Positives:- Write super thin and smoothly- Colors are super vibrant and bold- Value is awesome- Last a very very long time.- Never had an ink explosion.Downsides:- Heavy ink may bleed through paperTalk about a kid in a candy store!  I am a pen person, and I think these are my favorite pens ever.  These have:  black, red, pink, blue, aqua, green, and purple.These pens write smoothly and perfectly.  And they are comfortable as far as the grip and the writing and the ease.If I don't have a good pen, the whole day is ruined.  If I only have junky pens, it is a miserable day.I love these pens, both the function and the colors.I keep some at home and some at work.  It is hard to function without good quality pens.I bought these at a local store, not on amazon.com. They are perfect if you need that fine point, and the ink flows out perfectly. They last awhile as well.A tricky product to manufacture well. Excellent quality. If there is a better extra fine marker, I don't know about it. Never leak, never blot, never clog.Will be ordering more and more, my office goes through these quite quickly.  The price difference over stores like Staples, Office Max was incredible, huge savings!I bought these pens for my grandson. He like to write and draw with them. They work very well when he does sketches. These are long lasting pens. I think this was a great buy!I do a lot of psychological testing every day and I have learned to solely use these red pens for taking notes, scoring test responses, etc.  They are precise, write very well and I can easily see the red when it comes time to dictate, etc.  I have been using them for years.The only setbacks for these pens are:1.  they cost a little more than they should for a plastic pen (I buy them by the dozen which saves a little)2.  All the people doing the testing want to keep the pen afterwards.The Pilot Precise V5 Extra Fine rolling  ball pen is a great every day writing instrument. Doesn't smear, nice clean line, durable tip. I actually got a box of 12 on faith, loved them, then through a shipping glitch got a second box. Rather than sending it back, I decided I liked the pen enough to invest in 2 dozen. I feel kind of smug having a big supply. I know I wont run out for a long, long time. The only con is the relative light weight and skinny barrel. For those who like a pen with heft and a larger body, this one may seem kind of scrimpy. I also could do without the lettering on the barrel, but these are small criticisms. All in all, I have gotten used to the feel of it, and come to appreciate its streamline nature. It may not become the favorite pen you only have one of, but it's a good choice for the kind you buy by the box and keep in every drawer and bag and pen pot.These are neat pens, in my experience I haven't had a single one of them leak. They are smooth, last a good amount of time, and never skip.Unfortunately the micro-point is WRONG and I'm sure others have reported this I do not know why they continue to promote these as micro point. In fact, I don't think I've ever seen a Precise V25 (V5 = .5 point, V7 = .7 point). Its not that the wrong order is sent as the product number on the description matches what is on the box.Amazon needs to change the title because it will be confusing to those who are not familiar with these pens. THERE is NO MICRO-POINT (.25 point) of the Precise series, PERIOD.I am a middle school English teacher and these are the only pens that I buy. This is my fourth pen pack. I have a pack in my classroom, a pack in my purse, a pack at home, and one that I keep as a spare.The tip is precise and and the colors are vivid and bright. I do not like to grade papers in red, so I have lots of options and can mix it up with this pen pack. These pens colors all have a different meaning in my organizational system and help keep me organized.These are the best pens, I highly recommend them!Great pens, write smooth, fine as I like.  Good color variety for school projects.Based on the reviews, I thought these pens would suit me, but I just don't like gel pens, despite their popularity.  They are too &#34;touchy&#34;; they leave unintentional marks due to their sensitivity.  I have also had problems with the ink running if it gets wet.  In addition, the marks can run through to the backside of the paper.  They do make a fine distinct line, however.  I gave my friend a few, and she LOVED them, so I gave her a few more.  I guess it all depends on taste.To start this review off let me say that I do not consider myself a writer, but I do tend to write a lot. I love pens with fine points and this pen gives me something even better. An extra fine point! For the money, this is well worth it. I have been using these types of lens for aver an year now and they still work like a charm. I am down to my last pen and will soon have to buy another. These pens have never leaked before and they look very stylish. The black ink is a rich and pure dark black which sinks into the paper very smoothly and dries very quickly. If you are a writer or artist or even a student I would recommend these pens with out a doubt.I'm a bit of a pen fanatic, and I've never tried another kind of pen that is better for the money.  Writes smoothly, runs strong until its out, and you can see how much ink you have left.  Also, the ink dries fast so southpaws don't smear their writing as much as with some other pens.I've tried the occasional gel pen or ball point in the past few years, but I've always come back to these V5 pens. In high school, I started using them for art (drawing and pointillistic pictures) because the line was so precise and the ink would dry so quickly (I'm left handed, and many pens end up leaving a bunch of ink on my pinkie!).I then bought a few for everyday use, and since then I've been hooked.One 12 pack lasts me about two years (I don't write as much as I used to), and the pens run out a little before you'd think they do (judging by the ink left in the reservoir, which you can see if you hold the pen up to a light.I've also tried other variations of the Pilot Precise series (like the V7), but the V5 is my favorite.13 YEARS as a litigation lawyer, and I still love these pens.  Yes, I have had some explode on my hand, but the writing with them is easy and I just consider a badge of courage for a day or two while the ink fades away.  Because it's easy to write with, my hands don't hurt when I write as much (I have a little arthritis from years of note-taking).But it's not just me, my secretaries fought over these until I just hooked them up with an account and everyone could get as many as they wanted.  Let's face it, it creates peace.  I have enough conflict in my life.These are litigation tested through many trials, where I write furiously for hours.  They don't fail me and I know when they will run out of ink, because of the trusty little window.  The jury here says:  Verdict in Favor of Pilot Precise Rolling Ball Pens!So bring on the pens!I've been using these Pilot V5 pens for probably about 15 years, and just love them.  I use them mostly when grading my students' papers since they write in a nice fine, precise line -- and don't leave marks on my hands when my hand is resting on the paper!They also last a long time, and are good down to the very end of the ink.  They never blot and hardly ever smear, and they make it easy to write in tight spaces on a page.The fun colors they come in are also great.  Since I don't like to use red pens when grading essays, I love that I can use fun colors like purple, pink, and green, and my students always comment on how much they like it that I don't use red.I hope that Pilot never discontinues these!This Pilot Precise V5 Stick Rolling Ball Pens, Extra Fine Point, 5-Pack, Red Ink...by Pilot Pen corp of America is very nice and just what I needed....  well done..See my review for the 0.7 tip version.  Everything I said there applies to this pen as well.  This writes a thinner line and is what I use for signing checks and in other places where I want a precision line.This pen would be great to most people but the line is too fine for me.  I like the V7 pen better because it makes a bolder line and has a smoother feel than the V5.  I use the red for grading school work and black and blue for other things.  I wish the V7 came in more colors.The Pilot Precise V5 pens are my favorite roller ball pens.  I've been using them for years, although there was a time when I wasn't doing much writing and hadn't bought any for a while.  Recently I decided to try these again after seeing some in a store, and got them in a variety of colors.The blue and black are my favorites.  Purple is a close second.  They all write with a nice smooth line, no skipping, and in nice deep/dark shades of ink, although I did notice one of the pens felt a little scratchy on the paper.  I don't remember that ever happening years ago.  Either the pens are not as smooth as they used to be, or it was somewhat of a dud.  Every once in a while there is a dud that won't write well at all.  I experienced this in the assorted pack I've been using and noticed other reviews have mentioned this.  I guess it happens but not often.Years ago, I used to buy the Bic roller pens in 2 point sizes, and in 3 colors.  The black was an almost grey-black ink.  This Pilot Precise is very black, which is nice.  I always liked the dark shades of the inks in these.  That hasn't changed.  I've also always preferred the V5 over the V7.  The V7 line was too wide for me.  You may want to try both to see what suits you.The pen barrel is a nice slim design that is comfortable to hold, and you can see the ink level.Probably the best roller pens you can find.  They are a bit expensive, so look for a sale if you want.  I'm rating them 5 stars because even though they aren't perfect, they're still one of my favorites.These have been my favorite pens for well over the last 5 years.  I love the feel, the ink texture and the bright but not annoying colors.  They write well on both expensive and cheap paper but do fail on the shiny greeting cards.  If I could find a way to win a lifetime supply of these they would be all I use - unfortunately being a poor pre-med student I can only afford them when they go on sale.I have had one of these pens leak on occasion.  They aren't necessarily the prettiest or most comfortable pen either.  However, in general I have found these pens to last well, be fairly durable and comfortable, and to write very well.  For their price, I consider it a great value.I love these pens. They write so nicely and clear ... I use them every day at work. Would highly recommend and well worth the price!Great pens!Be careful, they soak through.Brilliant colors. The bright colors can make marking up a text easy to read.I've tried many pens over the years, and these are my favorite. It may seem silly to pay two bucks each for pens, but trust me, these write more easily and last far longer than any ordinary ballpoint. The precision and ink contrast are excellent. After a few hours of comfortable writing, these pay for themselves.A quality precision point pen with a solid build and aesthetically, and as kinky as it sounds fun to hold.Pros:1) Solid thin build2) Elegant design3) Grip is transparent and smooth4) Length and width of pen are ergonomically pleasing5) Pack of 12 pens for inexpensive price6) Longevity seems like these pens can withstand months of daily use before ink runs out.Cons:1) Very few times the one of the pen's point didn't disburse equal amount of ink at one angle or side of the point for very brief moments.2) More color variety (pen's body/casing) not necessarily color ink should be offered.Overall, I recommend this productBright colors, writes perfectly.  Bought a purple one a long time ago and it lasted a long time.  Love them!I purchase these by the box, although it takes several years to go through that many pens. I use both the red and black versions in my work.I prefer the V7 to the thinner tip of the V5; the V7 produces a bold line, and I think that the V5 is a bit TOO precise (the written line is too thin), and a bit scratchy to my ears as well.These pens flow very easily and are comfortable to hold. The ink goes on very thick, but does not run; it looks great on the page. The design is simple and classic.Amazon generally has a better price than the local office stores, but do your comparison shopping.The only warning I have is that once you try this pen you may not be able to like any other!I purchased a set of these pens at Target roughly a week ago.When I am writing with this pen it has an inconsistent flow of ink, half way through a work it &#34;dries up&#34; the next work it runs dark, and repeats this process. I have tried both pens and have the same issue. Regardless if I use more/less pressure, change the angle, write on different paper.The pen writes poorly. Would not recommend or purchase these.Still searching for that perfect pen...PILOT PRECISE V7 ROLLING BALL PEN, FINE POINT (1 dozen) is my favorite go-to pen of all time. It's been a part of my life for so long--at least since the late 1970s--that I cannot recall a time I didn't have one. Except in gradeschool when we all used Fisher Space pens.This as far as I am concerned is the grandpappy of all roller-ball pens. It does not seem to me it uses gel ink but I couldn't care less whether it does or not. It seems not because there was no such thing in the 1970s, though Space pens did have some kind of thick goopy ink (which doesn't count).When I run out of Uniball pens (see my review) I use my trusty Pilot to make notations in my daily medical log. Heck, I've drawn masterpieces with this pen, composed some of my best music and poetry, made notes upon which all my published works rely. There's no pen duty off limits to this except it can't write underwater or upside-down...well, are you an astronaut or a writer??There is one beef I have with the present iteration of this Pilot pen, which is otherwise unchanged since the 1970s: it has probably less than half the ink reservoir it used to have. Ah well, the economy here is rapidly approaching Romanian-level and we all have to cut back somehow....And even then, my heart warms whenever I even think of this pen. It has been with me so long that I think separation from it could only mean Armageddon is here.Get yourself these fantastically-priced and worthy pens. If you are a Uniball type of writer, I recommend theuni-ball Onyx Stick Micro Point Roller Ball Pens, 12 Black Ink Pens(60040)--see my review, it matters!But no house is a home, in my opinion, without Pilots all over the place...just in case.Marimon sells these for a lot more . . . I now have a new provider! and with the Prime Shipping I get a great product cheaper and faster . . . which leads to more productivity!I've been using the Pilot V7 pen (black) for several years, and it's become my favorite ink pen, enough so that I buy them by the box. The ink flow is reliably smooth and uniform, and the ink reservoir is big enough that even with fairly heavy use, a pen lasts 1-2 months for me. I've tried the extra-fine-point V5, but I prefer the slightly thinker lines of the V7.Overall, I've been very pleased with these pens.This is my favorite writing instrument.  My wife hates them.  I like them because the ink dries quickly and the drag of the point is easy on my arthritic hands.  Before I committed to a box, I'd by a 2-pack at a local office store to try them out.This is one of my favorite writing pens of all time.  I grade a lot of school work and it is dependable and the ink flows smoothly.  I can not stand a pen that scratches or skips.I usually hate ballpoint pens, but these are tolerable. I almost exclusively use felt-tip pens, specifically Pilot Razor Points. There are 2 situations when you need a ballpoint pen:1. To write on a carbon-paper form. Felt tip pens do not exert enough pressure, the writing will not transfer.2. To lend to plebeians. Plebeians (i.e. most people) will exert far too much force on the tip of a felt tip pen, immediately crushing it and ruining the pen.These are tolerable for the following reasons:1. They do not require lots of pressure. Most ballpoint pens require a huge amount of pressure, or no ink flows.2. These pens work at a highly slanted angle. Usually, ballpoint pens need to be nearly straight up-and-down, perpendicular to the page. This is unnatural for me, I am used to holding the pen at an angle. These write well at an angle.I hope these don't dry out super fast, I have not owned them long enough to determine that.I really prefer a pen with a shorter point section - like Bic Cristal.  These pens are longer in the tip, so I end up &#34;scratching&#34; when I write, because the angle of the pen means that I catch the edge of the ball point housing.  That said, they are very attractive pens and the ink is a nice color.Very nice pen!  It flows very smoothly and I love the retractable point.  I like the small thin profile, too, which feels nice in the hand.I never buy expensive pens, because I always lose them. These are inexpensive, and I buy them by the multiple boxful, keeping a box on each floor of my house. They work quite well, and I have no guilt if I lose track of one, because they are relatively cheap.We use these pens in our clinic because they're an affordable and good fine point. I just wish they didn't disappear so often.Now that I'm retired I no longer have an endless supply of pens, forgotten by students and left on the library floor. Rather than see these just swept away, I picked them up daily, to reuse and supply kids who needed them. Needless to say I sampled a LOT of writing implements in my long career as a librarian, and of course found some pens superior to others. When my hubby couldn't find his &#34;pet&#34; Parker Rollerball he came to me for a pen. We just moved, so pens weren't right at hand. So, the inevitable PURCHASE of a pen supply resulted in me remembering how much I liked the &#34;Pilot&#34; pens. These are the real deal: inexpensive, write smoothly, have heft in your hand, retract cleanly, don't leak, don't miraculously disassemble themselves in your pocket or purse, and stay put in the pocket of, say, a Scout uniform during a full day of Cub day camp.I was trolling in one of my favorite NYC pen stores yesterday and stumbled upon this neat pen. It has a great refill (fine points are for me) and the "click" and clip are first rate. The knurled grip helps improve writing comfort (the plastic barrel is a little slippery) but I would like a similar pen with rubber in place of the semi-grippy plastic.When the point is extended, the "clicker" rattles - yeah, I'm being fussy but that and the grip knocked off a star each. However, I put one star back when you consider that I paid over $2.00 (bought only 1 pen) in the City but Amazon has a pack of these neat little guys for about a buck a piece. Wow.If you like to write with a good pen but springing for a more expensive pen just isn't your thing, this is a pen you can buy, enjoy and not fret if you leave it in the office and the next day you find it living in someone else's Franklin Planner...Worth a look. Recommended.Nothing fancy about these retractable pens. No caps to lose. Ink lasts, smooth fine-point ink. My favorite of many pens.I have used fine point pens for years and this is the best one that I have ever owned.  I buy nothing else anymore.These are just good old fashion ball point pens with a good fine point.  Great for entering info in small spacesI love these pens and will not buy any other kind.  They have a great fine point. They do NOT leak, blob or smear. And I love them because they are retractable because I never have to worry about loosing the cap.This pilot Better Retractable Ballpoint Pen, Fine Point is great.  I love the way it writes.  It never skips. I highly recommend it.Review for:  Pilot The Better Retractable Ballpoint Pens, Fine PointGreat study pen especially for in-book notes.  I never get ink blots, the ink doesn't bleed through the page, writes very fine so I can fit notes more easily on book pages with less crowding, and writes smoothly.  Also, perhaps it is just luck, though in my many years of using these pens I have never had one leak.These are the greatest ink pens. They are black and have a fine point. The point is perfect for use in a checkbook or any place else. My usual purchase point is undependable and I tried Amazon. Of course A has them. Cannot buy better smoother ink pens for the money. Highly recommend.Great pen.  Way, way better than the Pentel pens I've been using that leave blobs everywhere.  These are fine, clean and clear.I find the grip is placed a little too far from the point for best control. But that may be just me. My wife prefers it this way for the balance. It does write smooth, and the ink flows nicely. The pen is just heavy enough to not feel cheap, but not as heavy as a quality writing instrument.My initial Black sits in the laptop case, as a backup. It became a problem to find  amidst so many black remotes and other black items, so I ordered a Silver ,(Platinum ) and is easier to find.I also gave one as a gift to the gal in the rental office.As we get older we can use things like this to make things easier. It uses the Pilot G2 refills work as well as well as a Pilot conventional ballpoint ink.The pen comes with the Gel cartridge. I understand why arthritis foundation has Awarded this item some kind of , approval, like a King's warrant ?This is an item that along with my Pilot G2's a permanent item, and the fact they use same refill, an added bonus. And one that is also cost effective.Perfect. I have both sizes now... a good supply of large and small. They last pretty long. Saves me much work! I would rather read some of your books!  Thanks. lolI bought these pens and their refills for years and then couldn't find them in stores.  It was very frustrating.  So, I was thrilled to find them on Amazon.This pen is really advantageous for me because I have arthritis and the worst joints in my body are my hands and wrists.  Not having to grip a skinny little pen really helps.  The pens hold up to heavy usage and it's great that they are refillable.This pen is surprisingly a really good pen.  The majority of my pens that I have purchased have been Paper Mate but I must say that I am pleasantly surprised to find that this pen writes so well.Someone in my office must love these pens more than me as I have had 3 disapper from my desk this year alone.  I have a big hand and this this pen fits perfectly with my grip.  It is soft and unlike my cheap free pens I get from work I don't develop any callouses on my fingers.  It writes smooth and I never get any smudges the first time i put the ink to paper.  I buy several at a time because they are the only pen I will use.This is my favorite pen of all time. I carry it everywhere. What else is there to say?This is a great deal for under 10 dollars and feels like a million compared to the plastic version. Soooooo much nicer to use, better weight and balance!!I use Pilot G2 disposable pens all the time, and I was excited to try out this new casing for them. It worked quite nicely for a month or so, but then I bumped it against a desk, bending the clip. Unfortunately, I've been unable to bend it cleanly back. For the disposables, breaking the clip is no big deal since they only last a month or so anyway before I run out of ink, but I was hoping to have this one last significantly longer.I have used Dr Grip mechanical pencils and ball point pens for as long as I can remember. They always work well, and they smoothly flow over whatever paper I am using. It took me a while to get used to the gel pens. I don't know why. But now I have almost stopped using the ball point pens. The only issue is the gel cartridges to tend to dry up at the point when there is a lot of ink left. I think just using them more will solve that problem.I have always loved these pens since I was a kid but never knew you could just refill them!! Here I was buying them at full price!!This pen is my absolute favorite and for so many reasons, the nice soft grip (recommended by the arthritis foundation), the super smooth writing and the pretty mauve metallic barrel, sure to keep hubby from making this his favorite pen too....no worries though, they come in a lot of other great colors too!  I use this pen for everything from journaling to scrapbooking to letters.  I've used it on a plane and have never had any issues with clotting of the ink or any other issues. I always have several of the gel pen refills on hand so I don't run out.  This is a great deal for a pen that you will have for a long time.  I have had mine for about three years and it is of superior quality and is my go-to pen.  For a quality pen at a great price, this is the one to choose!I keep coming up with more reasons I like this as I use it, I am going to buy another just so I won't be without.Once in a while a writing instrument creates a niche for itself, like the Parker Ball Point of my college days, Sharpies I have used more than 50 years . While this is really a new holder for the Pilot G series refills, it is a good one. Will I get up and find it when I have a few Pilot G-2's in my roller tray, no, but will look for it if I am writing a letter..I hold my pens in an odd way which causes my hands to cramp and callouses to form. l also have some arthritis so writing for any period of time can really hurt. My hands are small so you might think the barrel of this pen would be too large. lt isn't and the squishy but not too squishy covering feels great in my hand. (Even my grandma who had very bad arthritis loved these pens and she wrote everything by hand.)l have been using these pens for decades and I have only had a couple finally break after years of use. They seem rather expensive but they last a long time. Just don't let them wander off,Aside from the thick padded barrel, the most important feature of this pen is the gel ink. The gel ink refills are NOT interchangeable with the standard ballpoint refills. And the gel is so very smooth when writing! The tip of the pen makes it usable on papers that require &#34;ball point&#34;. The gel does not write well on things like photos. The ink smears. If you want to write on something other than paper, test it first. You may need to keep a ballpoint pen around. If you do, choose a Dr. Grip ball point.Well balanced, nice feel.  I use V5 refills which work perfectly w this pen.  Only downgraded a star b/c the clip doesn't make the point retract - so if you put the pen in your pocket and forget to retract you'll be buying a new shirt or lab coat.Pros+ G2 refill compatible+ grip is extremely comfortable and the wide grip means ease of tiredness on wrist and fingers when writing for extended periods of time+ cheap in price+ gel means it flows very well with little effort and the ink is darkCons- Personal perference, but I wish these pens were a bit more on the heavy side, I like to have heavier pens as it reduces the amount of effort to push on the page to get the ink to flow.I LOVE this pen. I actually used it when I had gone out to eat and signed my receipt - I liked it so much that I wrote down what brand it was and then bought my own. I like a gel pen but I don't want it to write too thinly or too thickly (where it's almost &#34;wet&#34; afterwards), and this pen is perfect. I almost hate to be this excited about a pen, but I am. I just wish it didn't cost so much, or that it was sold a bit cheaper in a multi-pack.This pen is great as far as gel pens go. It writes smoothly on regular paper. The ink doesn't dry all that fast though, so I would have to use a ballpoint pen to sign on receipts or write on any kind of glossy paper. I wish they had a ballpoint pen that looks just like this, because I got the matching mechanical pencil, but this will do for most of my purposes, so I won't complain too much.I am a college student.  I am in classes for at least an hour non stop at times for lectures.  My longest class was 4 hours.  Typical cheap disposable pens made my hands crampy in about 5-10 minutes.  I can go all class period and longer with out any pain.  Ink is nice and smooth, doesn't smear as much as cheaper gel pens, and I can find refills at every store I been to that sells pens or here for a reasonable price.  With heavy use (4-6 hours min 5 days a week), 1 ink refill lasts me about a month.The weight and feel of this pen are decent in general.  The grip is quite firm but provides good traction for long-term writing.  I found the section leading to the tip to be a little too long for me to comfortably control my writing - I personally prefer a bit of a stubbier front end.  The clicker and clip are of good quality.  The refills have a nice saturated ink color and write smoothly, though they do not dry very quickly.I am a pen aficionado. I'm addicted to them.  When I find a comfortable smooth writing pen that writes smoothly, I buy several.  I own two Mont Blanc but don't dare take them out of my house. I'm famous for accidentally giving away pens.  This one is a winner.  Need to order a new one--just gave away my last one and I miss it.  Ps. I am a counselor and do a lot of writing each day.If you lend out this pen to someone, keep your eyes on it as you might not get it back! I've had this pen for several years but have only really been using it heavy duty since June, 2012, for almost six months now. It writes smoothly and feels so comfortable in my hand that I can relax and just let the words flow. I got turned on to using a gel pen when I wrote a novel by hand, but those pens were nowhere nearly as comfortable as this pen. As a writer, I use my computer for technical writing, but find writing by hand unleashes my creativity.So, in five months, I've gone through four refills writing case notes in client files daily. I now have two spare pens because when people borrow this pen, they have difficulty returning it.  Do not loan out this pen. It's a great value, a great product, and if you are a writer, it will become your constant companion.This is my favorite pen!  I have used this pen for over 4 years, probably more.  I lost my first one and almost cried.  I went to get another one without hesitation.  This is a smooth writing pen and very easy on the hands.  I have to admit though, that "once" I bought a pack of refills and one of the refills did skip a bit, but I put a little heat on it and it worked like a charm.  I write a lot and don't often have to buy refills, which means the ink lasts a long time.  I absolutely love this pen and would recommend to anyone who likes smooth writing.When my Dr recomended this pen to me and told me to wrap one of my address lables around the barrel, I thought he was kidding (he said it would walk away from my desk).  NO HE WASN'T!!!  I did exactly what he said and everyone at work wanted to borrow it.  I had bought 3 since my work place only bought boxes of Bic's.  After my boss wrote with it she then ordered them just for our Dept.  Thanks Brenda!  Now that I'm retired I don't have to guard them like I did at work. The price for the pen and the refills at Amazon are less expensive then Staples or Office Depot. Their not that expensive, but, it's the most I have ever paid for a pen before. I wish I had checked with Amazon before.  As one reviwer said "LOVE, LOVE LOVE THAT PEN"!!!!!  I only bought one refill that skipped and it was from Office Depot in 10 years.  In 10 years one bad refill isn't bad.  All of you with Carpel Tunnel even if you had the surgery, you'll never want to write with those boxes of skinny black pens again (ask your Dr).  I just bought the Platinum Metallic Dr Grip and a refill pk for my sister-in-law as a gift ( and one for myself since I didn't have the Platinum and it's really pretty and 4 refills for myself) since she is now having problems with her hands.  I sure hope it's as helpful for her as it is for me. Buy one for "The Health Of It"!!!I have been using Dr. Grip Gel pens for over 10 years. They write very comfortably and the gel ink drys without smearing on everything except glossy paper stock. I perfer the fine point refills over the extra fine which don't write as smoothly. On the average one pen will last me about 3 years of daily use before something breaks or falls apart (usually the area where the pen unscrews towards the middle). Ink last about 45 days with average writing and note taking everyday.Just not a fan of big, oversized, wide-body pens. If you have hands like frying pans, then this may be your pen. On the plus side, I do like the rubber grip, and the fact that the pen takes the G2 Ultra-Fine gel refill. The click action is very smooth and solid.I ordered three of these for some friends and the color was perfect.  The pen is larger than most, but the size makes it easier to write and hold onto.  We use the Pilot pens at work and so are familiar with their quality.  The refills are easy to get also.The ONLY pen I have ever insisted on keeping. I don't lend it out, I don't use any other pen if I can help it.The writing is smooth and the grip is a pleasure to use. The weight is just right- not too light and not to heavy.This is the only pen I bother to buy refills for.While I served in the military, physicians determined that I had arthritis.  Since it only bothered my major joints, such as my knees, and since the prescribed treatments relieved the symptoms, I really paid little attention to the condition.  Unfortunately, after I retired from the military the arthritis settled into  my fingers.For me, the most irritating problem with arthritis in my hands is with my writing.  I had used ballpoint pens comfortably and with ease.  Now, with my grip I am unable to control the pen, and my penmanship which was always sloppy became unreadable,  even to me.Pilot Dr. Grip is a wonderful solution.  First the barrel is fatter so I do not lose the pen.  Second, the barrel has a non slip surface which keeps the pen in my control.  Since the barrel is larger it is much more comfortable than other pens I have tried.I highly recommend the Pilot Dr. Grip.These refills were easy to change and the color is good and bright.These have fine tips.I have G2 pens and these were exactly the same as I had in my pens before.I was really satisfied with the purchase and the price.I love the ultra fine point of these refills, but I think the tips may just be too small. After about two weeks, both of the pens stopped working. The heads got clogged and I couldn't use either of them. I now use the .05 pens and they're great. They write about the same and the difference in the two isn't worth it for me.These refills were much needed for note-taking in my science classes.  They arrived quickly and worked like a charm. Make sure to choose the right color.I wanted bold point refills, but none could be found so I settled with these. They work fine, it is just my personal taste that I like the bold point more then the fine point. Compared to the ball point pens, these do tend to dry up at the tip faster leaving a lot of ink left in the cartridge. I think it is just the nature of the beast. I have stopped using ball point Dr Grips pens and had no trouble giving them away.Pilot makes nice gel pens and I prefer fine tips. The pens are very comfortable to use and don't leak and I have very little trouble with smearing.Easy to install and refill your existing pens, and at a great price.  Highly recommend.I personally like the .07 for normal writing, but the .05 works very well for more detail, sketching, or finite note taking.Be environmentally friendly, just refill instead of throwing the pen away. I love these pens so, refilling is much cheaper too.I bought these refills because I had a box of Pilot Gel Pens. I still have two refills. They are long lasting refills. I think this was a very good buy!For  me, I use the Pilot Pen and the BLACK G2 Gel Ink refills for writings extensive reports for a club that I belong to. Many of the reports that I create are in the field and filled out on special lined forms and so I want them to be clear to read and as professional as possible. And these exceeded all of my expectations are you will see below.These precise writing pen refills, I use for these reports as they have fine points which enhance my handwritten report greatly.What I do is FAX the reports, COPY, and also SCAN the reports. And I have found that the reports that are faxed, copied and scanned (in JPEG), look very close to the original and therefore I can later email the scanned reports to the club President.So if you are writing reports or writing anything with precision such as a graph, map etc, this is the pen refill to buy (but buy the Pilot pen set first).**Also the fact that when I write a report and scan it, fax it and copy it and it still looks so close to the original - this is quite impressive.Highly, highly recommend the Pilot Gel Ink Refills in Black!they work very well in a very good pen.  smooth, even writing.  this is all that I use now.  I highly recommend these refills.  better than Cross and much more costly.I have many pens around and many markers this is my bulk black pen, that are scattered about in all areas I might need to take a note. I recently purchased from Amazon a Pilot Dr. Grip which uses the same refills. These in the extra fine I buy whenever I get a deal, the Fine I will buy in dozen lots. A good quality at affordable price.This is an excellent Amazon "add-on" item. Great quality, cheap priced, and has performed excellent.  I would recommend this item due to my personal experience with it, you just cannot beat it for the money.I use these refills for my Pilot G2 pens. These are my favorite pens at work. Way more affordable to get them here than Wal mart or Target.Have been using these rolling ball refills for some time now as they are personal favorites.Bought thisPilot G2 Gel Ink Refill, 2-Pack for Rolling Ball Pens, Fine Pointhere in black because they fit a number of different pens, and they write well. They're available in a variety of colors, but the fine (0.7mm) tip is perfect for my needs. Saves a trip to my local office supply store, where about half the time they are out of them. It's a popular refill, so I must not be alone in my opinion of them.It has been said many times before that any ballpoint or gel pen is only as good as its refill, and in that I concur. These refills fit myPilot Metropolitan Fine Writing Gel Penalong with my newerPilot MR Collection Rollerball Penand without these refills, neither pen would be worth it.Interestingly these also fit theamPen New Hybrid 2-in-1 Stylus, something that I found out by experimentation last year when looking for a replacement to their refill. It also fits the newamPen Hybrid 3-in-1 Styluswith its replaceable stylus, which is another personal favorite when mobile.If you're not going to use your pen for awhile, put the cap back on to prevent the gel ink from drying on the tip. The writing is consistently smooth, with only the very occasional hiccup that happens with gel pens. If and when it does happen, the easiest solution is to re-start the pen by writing a couple of figure-8 lines on paper or on an inexpensive non-abrasive eraser. I use these reasonably-pricedPaper Mate White Pearl Premium Erasers, and it works every time.ThesePilot G2 Gel Ink Refillsare excellent, and better than buying cheap roller pens when the gel ink runs out. Just pick your color and tip width, from bold (1.0mm) to ultra-fine (0.38mm), and you'll have a gel pen that writes beautifully. As stated before and advised by many, a pen is only as good as its refill.JW &#9642; 1/17/2014The product description states these are the extra fine; I purchased the fine. They write and flow very nicely. Overall, Pilot makes great pens. The refills fit right in the Gel Ink pens. Plan on buying refills for the red & green Gel Ink Pilot pens I have. If you don't care for gel ink pens, give these a try!Love writing with this pen... one lasts me about 2-3 weeks, as I do a lot of writing at work. I have a favorite pen and this refill fit perfectly!!!! Nice smooth writing, and quick drying ink!!!I use to continue to buy new pens until I found the refills. Now I only buy the refills unless I break the barrels to the pens. The in is a nice dark black, dries almost instantly, and the refills are easy to assemble into the pens. My favorite part about Pilot G2 pens is the ink and after using the pens that go along with the refills, I could never go back to any other gel or stick pen. These are of a better quality by far and last just as long or longer then other pens. The ink dries slower on thermal paper, like receipts, but on any other paper dries almost instantly.Why does anyone still use regular ballpoint pens? These are so much better. They're superior to any commonly available pen I've ever used and inexpensive to boot.The 0.5mm is the best for general use (office, note taking, etc.). The 0.38 is great as well, if you like to write small and with precision (heck, you can write clearly on a grain of rice with it), but it's a bit scratchier than the 0.5 for general use or fast writing. The 0.7 that they call "fine" is comparable to what used to be "medium" a few years ago. The 0.7 and 1.0 are okay if you want bolder lines, but kind of sloppy for general use in my opinion. They also run out of ink faster.If you like G2 refills but aren't crazy about the G2 body, several "nicer" pens will accept these refills.This is the only pen my family and I use. We decided a few years ago that life is too short to use a pen that doesn't write smoothly and easily.Since In never buy any other pen then the Pilot Dr Grip Gel I certainly buy their refills.  Amazon's price is better then Staples or Office Depot.  I purchase at least 5 packs at a time, I wish I had checked with Amazon before.  I like the Black ink with the fine line point. I just bought the Platinum Pilot Dr Grip for my sister-in-law (and another one for myself, since I don't have that beautiful color) with one pack of refills as a gift, since she is now having problems with her hands.  I hope that it's as helpful for her as it is for me.  Their not real expensive, but, it's the most I paid for any pen (ie, a box of Bics).  I'm retired now so I don't have to guard them like I did at work.When I learned these magnificent refills fit my Waterman rollerball pens, everything changed in an instant.  Suddenly, beauty and class of a Waterman in my hand became renewed, invigorated in a way I never could have imagined.  Far less expensive than the substandard Waterman refills that had caused me to all but to give up on my beloved classic pens, the Pilot refills write splendidly, without skips or smudges, and are consistently reliable.  Yes, for a fraction of the price Waterman charges for very disappointing refills, there is no doubt the Pilot G2 Gel Ink Refill has become my refill of choice and has amazingly caused my lovely Watermans to fulfill the potential of which I once only dreamed.First of all, it is hard to beat Pilot's black gel ink for not soaking into porous paper like liquid inks do. Secondly, the ultra fine point - 0.3mm - allows for very fine detail in writing. I have been using extra fine - 0.5mm - with no complaints, but this is even better.I fell in love with a pen. Who in the world buys refills for pens these days!? I did because I love the feel of this pen: Pilot G2 Limited Metal Barrel Gel Pen, so I got this refill pack and I am back to the business of loving to write.I've been a diehard G2 user for years. I'm a fairly heavy-handed writer, so I wanted to try a finer point than the 0.7 I have always used, and I'm glad that I did. Another great tool form Pilot, and a good alternative for anyone who wants a finer line.Amazon has them for $5, 4 times the $1.48 the extra fines sell for.I bought extra fines last time because they were so much cheaper but I prefer the .38 ultra fines.Used to sell them on the shelves at the W-store but no more.The .38 has great reviews & lots of fans. Where does everyone buy them at a reasonable price ?I recently bought a G2 pro as Ive been using the regular g2s for years and decided to splurge the $2.88 they cost.LOLUsed Cross refills for years and never a problem. Ink lasts a while. I've tried other brands for the same price or cheaper without much success. Stick with the original- by Cross.These things are 4.5 inches long - not 4" as the description says so they're totally worthless to me. And for $6 it's not worth the hassle of returning.  Let me see what a hacksaw can do to a pen refill and I'll get back with you, but I can almost guarantee it's going to be a mess...UPDATE:  Simple pair of wire pliers did the trick. Snipped it off to the right length and it works perfectly.I cannot find these refill cartridges at any of the local stores any more.  The refill fits my Cross pen perfectly.  After the ink warmed up a bit, it writes just as well as the cartridge that came with the pen.I find that my handwriting looks best with a medium ball point pen, and there's nothing more smooth or beautiful writing than a Cross pen- and really it's all in the refills.  It pays to have geniuine Cross refills.This was a pretty good price, and certainly convenient.  The refills always last me several months to a year each.  I try to keep an extra around- it's nice this pack came with 2.This may sound strange, but this pen refill ranks high to me as it is easy to write with: you don't have to use extra pressure to make the ink apply to the paper as compared to a generic Cross pen refill as well as no smears.  That's worth the extra buck to me on buying an OEM refill vs. generic!The ink is a little dull, not very saturated.  Of course as it is Cross fits Cross and Cross inspired pens well.  Price is currently competitive.  Ink flow is fine.  Medium point is more on the fine medium than broad.These Cross Refills worked great with my older Cross pens. The ink wrote very well and did not smear or fade.I needed a sharpener at home for my kids and the various sizes of pencils they use.  This thing is good in theory, but poor in practice.  Every single pencil that is sharpened in this machine comes out with one side sharpened, one side pointed wood.  A big disappointment.  I paid more for mine than here on Amazon.I also tried battery operated kind made by the same company...not enough power.  Now I am looking at the grand daddy of pencil sharpeners...electric! I think I will skip the X acto brand though.Great addition for home office, that does a good clean job with your pencils. Easy working the sharpner.. Best buy for my home office that i've make lately.I've come to the conclusion that the old-fashioned pencil sharpeners are easier to use when they are NOT attached to the wall, but instead are designed with a platform underneath the sharpener part.  That way, even though you have to hold on to the thing to prevent it from moving as you sharpen your pencil,  at LEAST you don't have to deal with the problems you'd find if the pencil sharpener was attached to the wall.Such as, every time you turn the handle, the back of your fingers keep rubbing against the cement wall.  That hurts, and if you don't have any lead in your pencil, you're going to end up with a very sore hand.  That's worse than a crazy English teacher smacking your hand with a ruler.  With a non-wall pencil sharpener (and I don't mean the electric ones- I'm talking about the old-fashioned ones that our parents grew up with) your fingers won't rub against anything.  You can keep turning the handle and be happy about it.Another problem with a pencil sharpener attached to a wall is that sometimes they are located so you have to turn the handle with your left hand.  It feels more comfortable to turn the handle with my right hand, but if the handle is located on the left side of the sharpener it won't be easy.  Sure, the pencil will still sharpen, but it might take me a while.  Impatient people behind me waiting in line might get upset.As for the actual sharpener I'm reviewing, it works great, and holds up through the years really well.  40 years ago students may have been using the exact same sharpener.  It stands up to the test of time, and when test time comes, you better not fail.The description states that it can be used on a table but it does not work well if it is not mounted.  I am disappointed as I wasn't planning to use this at home stuck to my living room wall!As always, this is an old faithful that never gets lost.  Put it on the wall and you can always find it!We've been using this for about 6 months and so far it's fine. I'm a bit old fashioned and wanted one of the traditional sharpeners to have for our homeschool room and this one does the job.I love these older type pencil sharpeners!  Reminds me of the days I was in school!  This one lives up to the Xacto name.  Very good sharpener, leaves a nice fine point.I had this pencil sharpener since 1977. It was dependable and worked without fail..Three years ago, my school district switched to a $25 electrical model. It broke down after one year of usage. Because of reduced budgets, there were no replacements. As a result, I took this to school. It has not broken down with continuous heavy usage from students.Bought this for my daughters playroom so she can sharpen pencils on her own. This is a functional product but very cheap construction. Serves the purpose well but goes to the old saying that they don't make them like they used to!!Well folks. What we have here is a genuine pencil sharpener. No bells and whistles, just good 'ole fashioned hand cranked pencil sharp goodness. Just like when you were a little snot nosed pest in grade school, you can now sharpen away, all the way down to the stub.This is a great old fashioned pencil sharpener - just like we used to have in my elementary school.  It comes with mounting screws and is all metal.  The shavings container can be afixed as shown in the picture, or at a 90 degree angle.  The crank is smooth and it sharpens pencils perfectly.  It doesn't chew them up or sharpen them at an odd angle - as someone else mentioned.I am very happy with this purchase.We bought this because we were tired of digging around trying to find the plastic, school backpack type of pencil sharpener we had.  Although we had some misgivings due to reviews, we have found that this sharpener - once mounted to the wall - sharpens pencils to a fine point flawlessly.It's so easy to use, my 5 year old grandson has no problem smoothly sharpening a pencil when needed.  While not as sturdy feeling as those you may remember from your old school days, it does have the same options as those older ones as far as hole (pencil) size and the easy to remove and dump shavings container.The one drawback we found were that the mounting screws were too short to properly secure the sharpener to the wall.  Once we replaced the screws with longer 1 inch wood screws, the problem was solved.  I can't help but wonder if because the sharpener tended to move when operated using the supplied screws, that this could be the cause of the uneven sharpening reported in some of the other reviews.This pencil sharpener works great, just what we wanted! Gets the pencils needle sharp in no time without grinding it down to a nub. Some sharpeners I've used devour the whole pencil, not this one. Wall mounted it, nice and stable, reservoir attaches good and tight. The kids love sharpening their own colored/regular pencils.this is a pretty old fashioned type sharpener.  I attached it easily, in my pantry, of all places.  It comes in handy all the time.The classic version of this sharpener that I remember from the 70s was sturdy and worked great.  A few years ago I got the then-current Boston KS version (the sharpener had "BOSTON KS" stamped in the metal instead of the current "X-ACTO KS") and it was super-cheaply made.  The metal (shavings holder) was thin and bent out of shape very easily, the whole thing didn't fit together properly, and it didn't even sharpen well.  Mine only lasted a couple of months with moderate home use.This one is a step up from that - thicker metal and sharpens OK, though not as smooth and easily as the original.  It can take a little finesse to get a fairly well centered tip, and the blades tend to grab on the wood pencil, making it harder to turn than it should be.  But thank you to X-Acto for improving the quality a bit!You can usually tell when the pencil is sharp (the tip is supposed to hold the pencil off the blades) - but sometimes it just keeps sharpening and sharpening.Overall it does the job and should last a year or more.This is an ergonomically designed well made product.  Once you get used to the idea of pushing down, you will wonder, why aren't all pencil sharpeners designed this way? So comfortable, so fast, so much less resistance.  You can tell Panasonic tested this design for many years and through many focus groups, something you cannot say about other manufacturers.  The small foot print you will also feel smart about.My husband and I bought this pencil sharpener about 10 years ago after getting tired of sharpening pencils by hand.  We couldn't be more pleased with this product--it works perfectly!  We love the sleek, vertical design, especiallyl how this allows you to insert your pencil at the top.  The machine sharpens in seconds, and it stops automatically with the "auto-stop" feature, thus ensuring that your pencil won't be over-sharpened to the point of breakage.  In fact, I've never had a recently sharpened point break off; this product truly sharpens the point to perfection.  If you are a stickler for the perfectly sharpened pencil, look no further--this is your product!  Highly recommended.Now, I don't use the thing every day and empty the container right after every use -- but this Panasonic has been great to me.  Gives a perfect point every time.  The only reason I'm taking off one star is because I really need one that can accommodate different widths.At least a couple decades ago I bought a Panasonic electric pencil sharpener. It was black, like this one, but was a different model. Mine was horizontal rather than vertical. In any case, the Panasonic Sharpener been an excellent office appliance and I've been very satisfied with it. The auto stop puts a perfect point on the pencil every time. I've had no trouble at all. I hope these newer models work as well as my ancient one.Gary PetersonI've owned the Panasonic KP150BK Vertical Electric Pencil Sharpener for about 10 years now, and I can attest that it's the most reliable sharpener out there.  I'm a teacher, and I used this in my classroom, where it got a big workout from all of my students.  It held up well all this time, which is probably the best testament to a superior product.I especially like the top-loading feature here - I've found that electric sharpeners which are front-loading are less efficient, and take longer to sharpen pencils.  I've also used a Boston front-loading sharpener and it simply doesn't compare to the Panasonic top-loader.Now about the price - I have no clue why the Amazon price here is so high for this sharpener.  I paid under $30 for the one I've been using for the past ten years, and I see them routinely advertised for not much more than that now (between $35 and $40).  I would not suggest paying over $100 for any pencil sharpener, even one this good.Highly recommended - excellent product.  Check around for a better price.Nothing I can say that hasn't been said by others, except to add my 5 stars to the rating total.  I will mention that mine has been dropped on the floor several times in the last year with no visible damage - that's quality construction.  I suppose it sharpens about two pencils per day, and shows no signs of wearing out.TWO YEAR UPDATE: This thing has been dropped from the desk to the floor five more times (blame the kids), and still works great.  I still use it every day for one or two pencils.  It's just a crying shame that it doesn't seem to be for sale anymore.  I got mine for $40, but now I only see one supplier selling it for many times that.  A crying shame.I'd give this 10 stars if possible. I like a #2 pencil. Of ALL the mechanical pencils I have used in the last 20 years, I finally realized that no other pencil even comes near as good. THE ERASERS ARE EXCELLENT. Other mechanical pencil leads are more prone to break. ALSO THESE ERASERS DO NOT SMUDGE YOUR PAPER like others do.These have a very long life. Occasionally I find one in the house that several years old, and find that the eraser is still soft and smudgless.My son's school requires mechanical pencils and he was extremely frustrated with the constantly-breaking lead of other brands. It was really a time waste and made math lessons frustrating. These pencils were a revelation; the lead rarely if ever breaks, and they feel more like an ordinary pencil in your hand than some of the super-thin mechanical pencils out there. Now these are the only ones he will use. They are available locally but how convenient to get them as an &#34;add-on&#34; item top an Amazon order with no extra shipping!These pencils are great.  I like the twist mechanism to eject additional lead as opposed to the push button.  No button, means a smooth and comfortable pencil in your hand.  The lead is strong and rarely breaks on me.  The lead is also smooth and writes very nicely and the eraser is your typical normal quality eraser.  I have used these at work and at home pretty much exclusively for many years.  The eraser almost always gets too short right around the time that the lead runs out.  Usually perfect timing for me.  Overall, I love these pencils and will continue to use them as long as they are around.  Highly Recommended!My hometown recycle center will not allow me to place the pencils when done into recycling.  That's my only complaint.  These pencils are terrific.Pencil work great. High quality lead. Writes well. Well worth the money. Why go to staples when Amazon has it all?I buy these all the time. Best pencil around.  No sharpening needed. I have some in every room.  Buy it. Price is good too.Very slim pencil, hard to hold and slippery.  The lead point keeps breaking, and the quality is clearly lacking.  As a comparison, I ordered the Pilot G-2/07 mini mechanical pencils from Amazon, and they are GREAT.  Don't waste your money on this product, and buy the Pilots instead.Given the range of quality in mechanical pencils, these cheap, wind-outs are as good as any on the market for reproducible service.  I rely on them.My daughter writes this: Love this pencil, though my dad likes Ticonderoga :) Write very sharp and dark, eraser lasts pretty long time too. Very good pencil overall. Best writing pencil. Great for tests and GO FOR IT !!I really like to use mechanical pencils when I am doing design and draft work. Unfortunately they seem to get lost or borrowed often, so I like to buy them in quantity.Other mechanical pencils have the more convenient finger click lead-advance button, but have that inconvenient covered micro eraser and are much more expensive.These have the less convenient twist lead-advance system, but have superior large no-smudge erasers with no cumbersome cover and are much less expensive.For my needs, these win. For the price you cant beat them.RecommendedThese write beautifully, the eraser never gets really hard (of course, I go through them very quickly so I'm not absolutely positive).  You can't refill them but I don't care.  They're cheap and they work great.  I'll never go back to plain pencils or any other mechanical pencil.  These are better no matter what the price.Although I wish the lead lasted longer, I still buy these because they write well and are dependable. Other mechanical pencils that you push the top to advance the lead don't allow you to decide how much lead you want exposed. As a result, sometimes you push the top of the pencil and the lead exposed is slightly too long so that when you go to write the lead just breaks off. Drives me nuts! With these pencils you can decide how long or short you want the lead. I've never had to deal with the lead tip breaking off, ever!I write my appointments in my appointment book, in pencil.  I also write my checkbook balance in pencil.  Anything that is subject to change....pencil.  The eraser on the end makes it easy to change an appointment or recalculate a balance in the checkbook without asking around, &#34;Does anyone have an eraser?&#34;  The flow of the pencil is also nice.  It's a very soft, easy flow when writing and the lead does not easily break off, despite dropping of the pencil.  I buy this brand and style pencil over and over again.  Completely satisfied.As far back as I can remember (maybe not that far back) the Paper Mate SharpWriter has been my favorite mechanical pencil, and I'm not even a mechanic.What's so special about this particular mechanical pencil? I like the feel, looks, and performance of the Sharpwriter. The "lead" is not overly thin so that it doesn't break as readily as the lead on other pencils. Mostly I like how the lead is advanced. Instead of an eraser end clicking mechanism, the SharpWriter contains a more precise turning device at the writing end. Lead can be advanced or retracted slowly to achieve the exact length desired with a gentle twist. In years past I would twist and shout, but now I just quietly twist.I even like the erasers on these pencils. They attach to the pencil body snugly and outlast the lead. Of course, that could be because I make so few mistakes when I write.The price for these pencils on Amazon is terrific and the pencils were assembled in the USA.Simple lightweight retactable pencils at a great price. Single use, non-refillable pencils are smooth when writing and the circular outside makes them easy to hold for long use. Not having to sharpen them is a big plus. Box of twelve is good for home schooling families.  Are there better pencils on the market? Heck yes, but not at this price.Highly recommendedReally love the mechanical leaded pencils. Don't have to constantly re sharpen.  What a great buy.  Now I have lots.These pencils used to be great. Now they must be made with some kind of plastic or something in them--they feel weird, smell weird, and don't even sharpen right. How does a pencil company get THAT wrong?This review is of PaperMate model 2254, but these are not the PaperMate brand Black Warrior "Mirado" no. 2 HB pencils from just a couple of years ago. Just like prior models, these newer ones are indeed black and embossed with the maker's name and trade name in gold as before, but the "USA" is conspicuously missing; they now come out of Mexico. Look out for the word "matte" in the product description, as they no longer have that shiny, hard varnish finish and feel -- it is indeed matte. Every few pencils comes one with a little paint missing up where the eraser begins; I have never known this to happen with prior generations of Black Warriors.Now I have lost my reference standard for the best made-in-USA mass-manufactured writing pencil, though my new south-of-the-border jobs sharpen well and are comfortingly black-leaded without excessive softness; they erase well because of that. PaperMate (owned by Sanford Brands and part of Newell Rubbermaid) is keeping the price low -- but at what cost? My old ones were practically impossible to use up with their hard leads and fine-milled wood. The new ones are probably okay (time will tell if they're outstanding) and hopefully better than the orangey hexagonal kind that can be had at chain office stores for a dime a dozen during school-supply season. If you know of a (somewhat) reasonably priced American-made writing pencil that excels (not a mechnical model or a French art pencil), please put a "Comment" below. Meanwhile, you get what you pay for. Thank you!It's your standard, strong, cheap pencil. They sharpen well, eraser holds up as normal, and the tips dont break too often. What more could you expect?The pencils are flat black, and I think that they look special and very classy! The flat black paint makes them less sweaty in my fingers, and the round shape makes them easy to hold. Of course, with a round shape they roll. As claimed, they do write smoother than ordinary pencils, but the difference is mostly not noticeable.I give these pencils 4 stars  because I had better. I bought these for my 6 year old daughter for school. The pencil writes fine and the lead is nice and dark. The pencil don't sharpen as smooth  because the  wood is lacking in quailty , but it get's the job done. The eraser on the pencil is crap, it  serve the purpose because it don't erase well and break of easily. We need to make our pencils in the usa and not over seas.  So I would say buy the pencil because it gets the jobs done.The Mirado Black Warrior is a round black-matte pencil made of ine cedar that sharpens extremely well.  It holds a point very well and the lead writes very smoothly and darkly.The best attributes are the appearance and the long-standing point between sharpenings. Its a great deal as an add-on item.These pencils have a softer type lead but they work very well and sharpen up nicely.  This is a quality item.I bought these for use on woodworking projects, but they sometimes break under pressure.  They do produce a nice dark line.I bought these as a cart filler and I'm so glad I did. They write so smooth and feel comfortable in my hand. These are my favorite brand now and they must be for others too because they keep coming up missing.This is exactly what I needed.  Amazon always comes through with the right product to fit the need.  Amazon Rocks!They seem well made, but as you try to sharpen them, the lead breaks.  The first one I sharpened took me down to half the length to get it to not break, but only because I did not sharpen it to the tip.  I was using a hand-held sharpener, so maybe trying a different type will yield different results.These are a smooth writing, well made, comfortable pencil.  I wanted something made in the USA, but our neighbors to the south in Mexico did a great job making these.  They sharpen well, and stay sharp, we don't have a problem with the lead breaking constantly like the pencils made in China.  The erasers have lasted quite well, but I do recommendStaedtler Mars Plastic Erasers,Pack of 4 (52650BK4), they are a great addition to any office supplies.  I really enjoy the round barrel over the standard hexagonal, much more comfortable and easy to write with.  I would recommend these pencils!After reading reviews of the Paper Mate Mirado, I was looking forward to a good quality wood pencil. The first pencil out of the box sharpened without issue. The graphite is smooth... not too hard and not too soft, just right. The eraser works well, although the real test is whether it stays supple over time.However, when I sharpened the second pencil, the tip kept breaking off without ever achieving a point. Each time it broke, I checked the sharpener to make sure it was not clogged. After 4 or 5 broken tips, the pencil never reached a point.Then I figured out the problem. The graphite is not in the center of the wood. Therefore, that pencil can't be sharpened, except maybe free-hand.However, the tip of another pencil kept breaking. That one sharpened OK, but I can see that the wood around the lead is uneven.I like the smoothness of the lead, but the sharpening and breaking tips are too problematic. Not sure if I received a bad batch or if the box was dropped in transit.PROS:- Smooth writing tip- Eraser seems good so far- Reasonable priceCONS:- Tip of the pencil with a non-centered graphite keeps breaking.- Another pencil tip keeps breaking.These are by far the best pencils out there.  They don't break as easily like so many others so.  They sharpen easy and have sharp look when they write.Recently got few of these pencils and they are really good. With a world where more and more kids using styluses and fingers for typing on smartphones and laptops, it is gratifying to note that quality pencils exist and still used by schools!This pencil was sharp, and lead did not break while writing for prolonged hours. Definitely worth the price!I wanted to get these to compare to Ticonderoga.  It's not a Ticonderoga, and if you're a pencil user, you'll understand that.  It's good, just not the best.I'm not going to go into detail about the lead or writing quality of these pencils -- they do the job fine for me. But I don't notice a huge difference with others, though I don't use pencils a lot. Just to write music. However, I'm sold on the comfort of these. The barrel is the right size, is round so no edges, and is very easy to write with. I'd strongly recommend these for those writing music, doing math problems, even some basic drafting. Also they'd be good for exams requiring a pencil.this is a dark lead sharpens nice and a smooth write. A nice shade of lead. I bought them as an add-on so they came at a great price. once again it pays to have Amazon PrimeThese would be ok, but don't really like the grip of the black part of the pencil. Too soft for me!I wish they weren't made in China, but they are still head and shoulders above your basic pencils. Buy with confidence, friends!When I started developing a more serious interest in drawing and art in general I immediately began researching tools and techniques. If you've read any other reviews I've left on products you'll notice that that's a recurring theme! I was fortunate enough have been born in an era where I've had internet access since I was pretty young so it's never been very hard for me to find information.In my research I noticed that a lot of the people I admired on various forums and art websites liked Prismacolor. I loved the way their pieces looked and I wanted the same smooth, deep, well-blended coloring effects that they were able to achieve. We all know that typical children's colored pencils don't do that job very well, so I set out to get myself this small set of Prismas.That experience was quite a few years ago now (where does the time go??) and I've been hooked ever since. I was later gifted the 60 set, and I've continued to build my collection up since then. This week I actually purchased the remaining few pencils I didn't have in the full 150 set. That's how much I love them!These pencils are incredibly soft, vibrant and they blend beautifully. I've tried Derwent Coloursoft, Derwent Studio, and Faber-Castell Polychromos and they're also lovely pencils -- I even gave them glowing reviews here on Amazon -- but Prismacolor continues to be my favorite. I think that anyone of any skill level should have access to these pencils. Since Amazon sells them so much cheaper than anywhere else I would even recommend buying a smaller set (such as this one) for the young children in your life because everyone deserves to work with such brilliant colors!Pros:Soft, creamy, blendableExtremely pigmentedInexpensive compared to other artist-grade brandsCan give you a painterly effect that other brands can'tCons:Since the leads are super soft and aren't bound to the wood casing, they're prone to breakage. I don't seem to have as much of an issue with it as other people do. I've dropped pencils several times and they've been fine. However, I gifted a friend the 24 set a couple Christmases ago and she had some issues with breakage.These pencils are wax-based so you might encounter some bloom, but that is true of any wax-based pencil, not just PrismaThey don't score as high in the lightfastness department as other brands do :( (biggest bummer)Buy this set. I've seen it as low as ten bucks and rarely higher than 15 on Amazon, and even if you decide to buy a bigger set you'll have backups of your primaries/secondaries + black, white and brown which definitely isn't a bad thing.haven't used much yet as I purchased them to take on a week long trip to the East Coast (keep myself and my 6 & 7 year old daughters occupied).  However, so glad I spent the extra money vs. the basic pencils the girls already have.  Looking forward to using them with the Art Nouveau coloring book I purchased too.Primacolor premier Colored Woodcase Pencils 12 Assorted Colors/setare just the perfect set of lots of nice colors and leads seem sturdy.I was looking for the best colored pencils out there. i searched on youtube and prismacolor was the first to pop up. i decided to get the cheapest ones to test them out and i have to say, i do not regret getting them. when these run out I'm getting a bigger pack. if you can afford a bigger pack, then get them. Worth every centThis is a good selection of colors to draw with and good quality pencils.  I like the box to keep them organized.  Not much else I can add.Purchased for a teen artist. Very pleased with the quality and brand. This brand was recommended by an artist, so I was sure it would be good.Sanford, Sharpie, Prismacolor and other brands made by Sanford always seem to be of very good quality and remain consistent.  That is the main reason I bought this set.  I was always pleased with all of the different Sharpie Products I have bought over the many years, I hade to try these Prismacolor pencils.  (My first time) I sure am glad a spent a little more money than I had before on crayola and several less expensive brands, I always had to push hard to get a nice bold and rich color.  Not anymore, but I have noticed that with all of the beautiful color, the pencils don't last as long (which only makes sense). The colors flow effortlessly and my work sure shows it!  Color Away Friends.Why &#34;again&#34;? Because I'm leaving this review on every set of Prismas Amazon has. Why? Because I want anyone buying any quantity of these pencils to know how lovely they are.When I started developing a more serious interest in drawing and art in general I immediately began researching tools and techniques. If you've read any other reviews I've left on products you'll notice that that's a recurring theme! I was fortunate enough have been born in an era where I've had internet access since I was pretty young so it's never been very hard for me to find information.In my research I noticed that a lot of the people I admired on various forums and art websites liked Prismacolor. I loved the way their pieces looked and I wanted the same smooth, deep, well-blended coloring effects that they were able to achieve. We all know that typical children's colored pencils don't do that job very well, so I set out to get myself this small set of Prismas.That experience was quite a few years ago now (where does the time go??) and I've been hooked ever since. I was later gifted the 60 set, and I've continued to build my collection up since then. Just this week I purchased the remaining few pencils I didn't have so now I have all 150!These pencils are incredibly soft, vibrant and they blend beautifully. I've tried Derwent Coloursoft, Derwent Studio, and Faber-Castell Polychromos and they're also lovely pencils -- I even gave them glowing reviews here on Amazon -- but Prismacolor continues to be my favorite. I think that anyone of any skill level should have access to these pencils. Since Amazon sells them so much cheaper than anywhere else I would even recommend buying a smaller set for the young children in your life because everyone deserves to work with such brilliant colors!Pros:Soft, creamy, blendableExtremely pigmentedInexpensive compared to other artist-grade brandsCan give you a painterly effect that other brands can'tCons:Since the leads are super soft and aren't bound to the wood casing, they're prone to breakage. I don't seem to have as much of an issue with it as other people do. I've dropped pencils several times and they've been fine. However, I gifted a friend the 24 set a couple Christmases ago and she had some issues with breakage.These pencils are wax-based so you might encounter some bloom, but that is true of any wax-based pencil, not just PrismaThey don't score as high in the lightfastness department as other brands do :( (biggest bummer)If you're unsure, but the 12 color set first. I've seen it as low as ten bucks and rarely higher than 15 on Amazon, and even if you decide to buy a larger set you'll have backups of your primaries/secondaries + black, white and brown which definitely isn't a bad thing.You need to be careful when you sharpen these pencils, they will break easily if you sharpen them for too long. Other than that, these are perfect colored pencils for art projects.Bought for personal use but I've got a ways to go before I try my hand at colored pencils. My friends daughter likes them though. Maybe they'll still be around when I want to try them :-)Evidently as i'm told, these pencils are quite good. He enjoys the selection of colors and the quality of themFinally found a pencil set that has rich pigmentation, and a soft 'lead' so that the color comes out smooth and easily blended with the Prismacolor blender pencil.  Best pencils I have ever owned.There are many excellent colored pencil brands available today, with some of the premier labels being Caran D'Arche (Switzerland), Cont&eacute; (France), Faber Castell (Germany), Talens (the Netherlands) and Koh-i-noor (Czech Republic). Each pencil brand has its own loyal following, and it is certainly true that the performance characteristics of each leaves a unique "signature" on paper (i.e., the experienced eye can sometimes tell which brand of pencil was used for a piece of artwork by examining luminosity, reflection, depth of color, and other characteristics). I have used all these brands myself, having brought back from Europe entire sets from various manufacturers, and often in different sub types ("artist," "student," and so on). Some also have added touches that really make a pencil set shine, including rounded triangular shafts with subtle inlaid grips, bonded coatings between the lead and the pencil wood to minimize lead shattering, and soft textured surfaces for improved gripping and comfort. Some sets are even now beginning to adhere to the lightfastness specifications as developed by the Colored Pencil Society of America.So, what should we think about a set of American made colored pencils when they are competing with these premier brands, some of which have been in business for centuries? The answer might be surprising to hear. After using all these brands for an extended period of time, I can say that these Prismacolor "Premier" pencils easily hold their own against the world's best colored pencils.What are the characteristics of the Prismacolor "Premier" pencils that make them so good?1. Smooth, silky, and rich lay down of color2. Little smearing, even when laying down dense patches of color3. Ability to blend colors as needed4. Wide range of available colors (now over 130 distinct colors)5. Relatively inexpensive (by comparison to other premium brands)6. Availability of the Prismacolor "Verithin" pencil sets, which duplicate the colors of the "Premier" line pencil by pencil (matched by color codes), but in an extremely hard lead that permits a high level of sharpening for detail work which will not quickly wear down (these are sold separately)At first glance, it might seem that these Prisamacolor pencils are expensive, but when one reflects on the fact that some of the more "esoteric" (for lack of a better word) pencils can run upwards of $3 - $4 per pencil, the Prismacolors are nothing short of a bargain. (If you hunt long enough, you can even find the large set of 120 pencils that comes in a two-tiered wood case with lining to house your collection and you'll still be paying far less per pencil than other high end brands.)But the proof is certainly in the putting. Get one of these in your hands, and lay down some color on a sheet of paper and see if you don't experience the very thing I am describing here. These are rich and smooth leads with an almost creamy feel. That's not to say you can sharpen them up to a needle point: you can, but you just must be careful not to press too much when doing so in order to keep the point from breaking. You can also use these in a duller point to lay down large swaths of rich, deep color. (Again, pairing this set up with the "Verithin" set, which uses a much harder lead, can be very helpful for detail work.)Are these pencils perfect? No. There are a few issues, some minor, but nevertheless relevant for this review:1. Lead shattering used to be an issue for the company. My first set had no less than 10% of the pencils shattered all the way down to the end, rendering all those colors useless. This is either manufacturing problems, or some improvement in the cases in which the pencils are transported and sold is required to further reduce shock from transport. It is an unacceptable result when purchasing a large pencil set. (The problem seems to have been addressed by 2013, since none of my newer sets have had this problem.)2. Along those same lines, it would be wonderful if Prismacolor could look into a similar technology such as Staedler uses in its colored pencils, which is a coating of inner material between the lead and the wood to reduce breakage. I've never had a single Staedler pencil break on me yet. Not one.3. The triangular shaped shafts of both the Faber Castell and Staedler pencils is, in my view, a superior design than the round-shaft format of the Primscolors, which allow for greater control and improved comfort.4. The Prismacolors do not use any type of friction coating on the outside of the pencils to help improve grip. Both Staedler and Faber Castell do (and using slightly different approaches), and this adds immeasurably to their performance characteristics.5. The printing on the shaft of the Prismacolor to identify color name and code can be almost illegible, with blurry, imprecise lettering. In some lighting conditions, the markings are nearly impossible to read. (The newest post-2102 editions of the Prismacolors seem to have addressed this issue.)6. The Prismacolors are not "finished" on the end with any type of cap or closure, and the pencils also arrive unsharpened. (Compare the Faber Castells, which both come fully sharpened and are mounted in a manner that makes them resistant to any type of breakage during transport. The Faber Castells, too, as most other brands, have a nice finishing cap on one end of the pencil.)Let me be clear. These minor quibbles all fall away once you get one of these Prismacolors in your hand and experience how they perform. These are simply a delight to use, and many artists swear by them. After using them myself, I can see why. I remain extremely impressed with the best of the pencils Europe produces, but these Prismacolor pencils deserve to be counted right among them. If they ever addressed all the minor quibbles above, they might vie for a role as a de facto standard with one or two of the other most expensive brands three times their price.Five stars for performance. Five stars for price. Five stars for fun. And five stars for rich , creamy, deep color!Note: Although these pencils come in many set sizes (i.e., 16, 32, 48, 72, 120, and 132 colors), I recommend the 72-color set. This gives you a wide range of colors, and does not run you into issues with the larger sets where you have multiple colors so close to one another you cannot easily see the difference. Of course, if you want the beautiful wood case, you'll need to get the 120-color set that is sold in the wood case (a bit difficult to find). But the 72-color set is for me a "sweet spot," and you can often get these on sale at terrific prices. And, I'm sorry to repeat myself, these are terrifically fun to use because of their lay down characteristics.I have only been using colored pencils for a short time. I have tried another brand, so I do have something to compare them to. These Prismacolors lay down a nice solid, rich color. The leads can be sharpened to a long sharp point, and I have no issues with the lead breaking on me. If you ad the Prismacolor Verithin colored pencils to these, you can create some very nice detailed drawings. I am no expert, but I am a casual user of colored pencils, and I expect I will be using the Prismacolor brand for a long time, unless they change there quality.As always the texture if the pencils is beautiful, and the quality is as good as ever. They blend easily and even can lay down over one another to give a certain effect. I enjoy using this and one day hope to get the 172 or 72 colored pencil box as I am ever pleased with prismacolorI've used Prismacolor pencils for 10+ years and they are still the best colored pencils I've ever used so they are in fact worth every penny. (Their other products are great too.) The cores are soft and oil based so please do yourself a favor and get the Prismacolor sharpener for them instead of using a standard sharpener or you will ruin both them and the sharpener. Keep in mind when using them that since the cores are soft you won't need to press down particularly hard while drawing. The colors are very rich, and they blend beautifully, especially with a &#34;colorless blender.&#34; If you MUST attempt to erase a mistake, a standard eraser will not work either, but a kneaded eraser will pick up a little of the pigment making your mistake less noticeable.I have been doing illustration work for my personal enjoyment since the 1980s, and I have been using Prismacolor Premier colored pencils for nearly 15 years. This 48-pencil set was the one I started with, and it served me well.  After using these pencils for a while I soon found that I wanted to expand my horizons and I invested in the 120 pencil set.  Now you have the option of 72, 120, or 130+ pencil set.  Enjoy!I have to tell you that these pencils are a pleasure to work with. I use them mainly for doing biological and scientific illustration, but I use them for other things as well. I was introduced to them by a professional biological illustrator who's guidance was, use only the best. Of the colored pencils I've used over the years, these are the best I've found.Prismacolor Premier colored pencils have a soft lead, so soft that you need to tread lightly as you apply them, or the lead is easily broken. On the other hand, the soft lead makes these colors much easier to blend once they are on the paper, and allow you to put down your colors layer by layer and produce the effects you are after.I find that for my work a good companion investment for these colored pencils is an electric pencil sharpener, because a sharp lead allows you to put the color down onto paper with greater precision, and gives better results.I have used these pencils on a variety of surfaces ranging from drafting velum to mat board to Strathmore 300 Series Bristol Board Pads - 14 x 17, Bristol Pad, 20 sheets, Vellum, and Canson Mitientes 122 Flannel Gray - 19x25 Inch Sheet which comes in many colors, as well as hot press and cold press board, 300 lb. water color paper, and a variety of other art boards. Of course, colored pencil works best on a surface that has at least a moderate tooth (paper surface roughness), because once the tooth is filled with lead it is extremely difficult to put down more color.Word of warning: Make sure that you handle these pencils carefully, because if you drop them on a hard floor the lead can break inside of the pencil, ruining it.5 stars all the way! You will enjoy these pencils as long as you realize that you can't power them onto the paper, and that the lead will wear down quickly because they are so soft. Enjoy!Love to color, but never had any instruction, these make me an instant success. You can layer colors, colors blend like magic, You need the blending pencil that comes with the set and can also be ordered seperately.I am not an artist by any stretch of the imagination just like to doodle in my journals, flowers, small animals, bits of scenerey. I could never get it to look any better then poor, these pencils stepped up my little bits to the point I don't have to be ashamed for people to see my little doodles.  So I love them!They can break and when you sharpen them, they can keep breaking, that is the only thing I have found to be undesireable about these.I just love that they take me closer to having my drawings look acceptable and pretty, got to love a product that makes me look better than I am!I just love Prismacolor.  They provide a rich laydown of color and vibrancy that you just do not get from any other artist's pencil.  I just missed having any options in the gray range, so I purchased the next set up and between the two sets, I am thrilled.  I use the pencils up quickly, so having two sets is not a waste at all.  Very highly recommended if you do not want to have a range of gray in your collection.  It has everything else.These are my daughters absolute favorite drawing pencils as they were in my art classes when I was teaching. Prismacolors are the standard that sets the tone for every other pencil on the market. I won't buy anything but these.I am enjoying these color pencils enormously.  They are aptly named because they do present a rainbow of color as provided through a prism.  They are soft, but not too.  The storage tin is great.  Anyone desiring to explore color pencils would find this a good buy.These are by far the best colored pencils I have bought and totally worth the price and they don't smudge I will not buy any other colored pencil again but this brandThese are nice pencils.  It is my first time using them.  I read that some people had broken lead in some pencils.  My tin was dented, but the pencils seem fine.  I'm looking forward to using these since they are said to be just about the best.  48 pencils fit nicely in my art bag.  Any bigger and it would be too much.  They can be blended.  I got blending pencils, and the appropriate paper - plus some fixatif from Prismacolor.  I'm happy as a clam.  I do digital art, but need to draw mockups and thumbnails.  I might just learn to draw with colored pencils and do some masterpieces.  I got a book to show me how.I purchased these a few months ago when I decided to relax by coloring.  *don't laugh at me, it's fun*  I've been coloring in books like this,Paisley Designs Coloring Book (Dover Coloring Book). I read the glowing reviews for Prismacolor Premier pencils and decided to give them a try. I soon found out that, for my purpose, regular colored pencils perform just as nicely for a lot less money. These pencils are more suited for use by artists & aren't necessary for average use.I am totally impressed that these pencils can be used to draw marbles that look transparent like the ones on the cover of this bookMasterful Color: Vibrant Colored Pencil Paintings Layer by Layer.By the way, all you artists probably know this, but in case you don't know...these pencils need to be sharpened before you use them. A nice sharpener is included in the box.These pencils are just the right size for my hands, and the soft core leads produce beautiful colors and layers of colors on paper. I'm enjoying starting out with them.gave this set to a young artist. She was thrilled to receive the quality pencil set. This particular brand was recommended by an artist.These are the gold standard for my daughter and I.  Very good quality, worth the price.  Amazon has by far the best price, even better than coupon or sales prices.I purchased these color pencils because I had read all these rave reviews about Prismacolor products and decided they would make a great gift for my daughter, a budding artist. The pencils did not disappoint. The lead is softer than some other brands but this works perfectly for blending purposes. They just can't be applied with too much pressure as it breaks the lead. Here is a listing of all the colors included in this 48 piece set:CreamYellow OchreYellowed OrangePale VermilionLight PeachBlush PinkCarmine RedMagentaProcess RedLilacUltramarinePeacock BlueLight AquaAquamarineOlive GreenLimepeelSpring GreenChartreuseGinger RootBurnt OchreLight UmberDark UmberSilverMetallic GoldWhiteCanary YellowSpanish OrangeGoldenrodOrangePeachPinkPoppy RedCrimson RedMulberryParma VioletVioletViolet BlueIndigo BlueTrue BlueLight Cerulean BlueTrue GreenApple GreenGrass GreenDark GreenSienna BrownTuscan RedDark BrownBlackThe pencils are all labeled with the names of the colors so it makes it easy to use and it comes in an attractive tin (the colors are layered 24 on top, and 24 on the bottom, with trays for each set so that they are not rolling around the tin).Slightly smaller and slightly darker/softer than your typical .7mm HB mechanical pencil leads. If that's what you're looking for, then you'll be happy with this.I use mechanical pencils all day, to both write and sketch, and the 2B lead is much easier of the eyes (darker) and the hand (softer, therefore writes/draws smoother without having to push down as much on the lead). Usually pencils come with a standard HB so the 2B is a slightly different lead. It's worth it if you find the typical lead in mechanical pencils brittle and hard to write with- this might be the perfect replacement.Excellent product with a nice dark line so you use less force, less hand fatigue, and much easier to see.I majored in Math in college so used a lot of mechanical pencils through the years. I've experimented with many different hardnesses in lead, and always looked for a lead that is dark enough to read easily but not too soft so that it smudges. This 2B is perfect. I buy Pentel Quicker Click pencils, and immediately dispose of the HB included with them, and put in the 2B. I always carry extra 2B in my handbag or briefcase, as well as extra erasers, so I don't run out. I use it to write in my calendar book, too, as it is easy to erase without leaving shadows. This is the one you want. Not easily broken, good and dark.I love my pentel pencil (the old fashioned, metal kind), and refills.  Here they are.  They do what they are supposed to do.  I use this pencil for writing in my adress books, password books, and even for my fine art sketches.  Great stuff.These leads are good for those who are just beginning to learn to write cursive, or for those who press hard on their writing tool.This is quality lead and in the three pack a reasonable value.  Sure beats the big box store prices.  And you can transfer all of the lead into just one of the containers for storage.I'm in school for accounting and use a lot of lead.  This is by far the best quality.  It doesn't break nearly as easily as some other brands.I mainly use mechanical pencils since it is a lot less messy as compared to regular wood pencils with all the sharpening. And over the years the brand of lead refills I've used most often is from Pentel.The quality of the lead is nice and solid. On paper the lead feels smooth. I prefer 0.5 mm lead since I can write finer lines. And Amazon has a good deal going with a 3-pack(90 pieces) at just under three bucks(as an Add-on item).Not sexy, but it works. And this was a very reasonable price. I shop around and this represents good value.This lead is exactly what you would expect it to be. I don't know much about lead so I can't give any details beyond: it works.I'm a math student who goes through a lot of pencils, this is my favorite lead because it is inexpensive yet good quality. The price on Amazon was very reasonable as well.Fits right into my mech. Pencil. Doesn't break as easily as others have for me. Always the right dimensions so i don't concern myself that I'm going to have some difficulty getting them into my holder.I will by again when i run out. This was a great by for me.Lead is lead, right?  NO! This is Pentel lead, baby. The creme-de-la-cream (or some french phrase) of lead. And along with Pentel's awesome mechanical pencils, you can't go wrong. I haven't, at least. The type of lead I'm reviewing right now is the most common type, although Pentel makes all sorts of hardness' of lead (also blue and red leads, which I haven't tried). You also get a ton of lead for the price on here. I've read some comments on this site-for the same product-from other sellers of the lead. Many have complained that they should only be selling one container with all the lead inside. I say phooey to that. I keep one in my bag, one in my desk at work, and other at my desk at home. That's three places for three containers, so it works out perfectly for me. Great product. Highly recommended.Good. Recommended.Simply put ... do not buy another brand lead refills, just not worth it.BUY these genuine PENTEL lead refills are the best.The don't break as easily as the others we've tried.Erasers for this type of lead are a little harder to find or you could say they're a little less likely to be laying around than a typical eraser (which will work just not so great).  I didn't expect to find an eraser in the pack but there was a heart shaped eraser with the word "LOVE" on it in red.  At first I thought to myself hey, I'm a man I can't be using this eraser!  Then I realized it was a free eraser and I was like cool whatever I never would think to rate pencil lead but I'm just so darn happy with my heart shaped love eraser I had to write this review.  FYI, since it was not  mentioned in the details don't be disappointed if you don't get a love eraser I'm not sure why it's not mentioned or if they all come with one.All there, don't break any worse than any other brand, and fit 0.5 mm automatic pencils.  What more do you want?These are the best refill in the market. They are robust and write smoothly too. They also write dark enough. 5/5I have tried many brands of pencil lead which fall in similar price range.  None made me happy.  They either smudged too much or broke or were too light.  Then I discovered Pentel.  I have purchased this same lead (and also the 0.5 size too for other pencils of mine) many times and just ordered 3 more packs.  I am a college student majoring in accounting and therefore go thru a lot of pencil lead.  This writes nice and smooth, every piece of lead is consistent in size, erases clean, and hardly smudges.This lead is good quality, and predictable lead that does exactly what it's supposed to do.  It's strong enough, but also marks boldly.I have Parkinson's and have unpredictable spasms when writing. This .9mm size lead is much stronger than the .7mm I have been using and doesn't break when I'm having a problem. It also lasts a lot longer just in normal writing because of the extra thickness. Thanks to Pentel for bringing this out and thanks to Amazon for making it available and affordable.This lead is great for drawing or writing, HB is a firmer lead so it won't break as much but it's still dark enough to resist smudging (all lead is going to potentially smudge a little bit, but a softer lead will be darker and smudge more).Here's a list of lead grades from firm (lighter writing) to soft (darker writing):4H - 3H - 2H - H - F - HB - B - 2B - 3B - 4BThere are others but these are more commonly seen ones.  Artists would normally be more inclined to go after the softer leads for fill and the harder leads for early sketching.For standard writing purposes I use HB-Grade which as you can see is pretty much middle of the line, but F-Grade lead is only very slightly harder and lighter so the end result is just about the same.Good luck with your choice, and I hope this review helped you in some way.-DA lot of extra 0.7 mm leads for my Pentel automatic pencil.  I don't know what 'high polymer lead' is, but it makes nice clear marks on paper and doesn't break very often.  The leads fit perfectly and are probably going to last me for the rest of my life, but I can leave the left overs to my son--he writes a lot.How much can you say about lead refills for you mechanical pencils.  Pentel makes a great product.  I think that is enough said.I have been a faithful user of Pentel pencils and leads for over forty years. They are always reliable. The same consistent Quality day in and day out.This is a good lead, high quality, not too many broken in the container.  I will continue to order them for my pencils.Working in the design and engineering field, I have used mechanical pencils loaded with Pentel HB leads, for many years.  I don't know if Pentel leads are the "best", but I have never had any issues with them.  The quality is excellent, and you don't have to press down very hard, to get a nice solid line with their HB grade.  As a leader in office supplies and drafting tools, Pentel is a name you can trust.  Reviews for sizes 0.5mm, 0.7mm, and 0.9mm are grouped together, and while I use all three sizes, this review is specifically for 0.9mm product, which generally is the most expensive.This package has three containers, with thirty sticks each.  For the casual user, 90 leads might seem like more than you will ever need, but if you buy this once, you could be set for some time.  I have quite a few mechanical pencils, and like to load them up with leads.  As the reservoir in each pencil typically holds around 10 or more sticks, 90 leads isn't too much for me.  When Amazon's price dropped below $5, I stocked up and bought a couple of packages.I purchased this for little sisters (in 6th grade) they normally go through a lot of lead in a school year but this lead seems to be a better quality and has lasted them 3/4 of the school year. Good quality good price would recommend to anyone who uses mechanical pencils a lot.Very smooth lead. These pencils are specifically requested to be used in our office because they write so smoothly.I got the X-Acto School Pro Heavy-Duty Electric Sharpener because my two children have always used the excuse that they didn't have any sharpened pencils to do their homework.  Now, we own about 3 or 4 handheld, non-electric sharpeners, but somehow they always seem to get jammed up with graphite, or do a really poor job of sharpening so that the pencils always break the moment you touch pencil to paper.  The moment this arrived, I plugged it in and sharpened every single pencil I could find!  No matter the quality of the pencil, this sharpener tackled them all, leaving nothing but consistent points on all of them.  It was super easy and fast.  My only note was that often it felt like the pencil was hitting something on the way in, causing me to adjust my angle until it would slide in.  So, just go slowly and you should have no problems!  Great sharpener!  And the kids have been using it constantly.I've used a lot of different pencil sharpeners throughout my life, and just assumed they were as state of the art as it gets. In school we had the decent hand cranked units, and later in life I bought a couple of electric pencil sharpeners for my family over the years. They didn't last too long, probably because they weren't very sturdy. In particular, I recall one where you insert the pencil vertically and that action started the electric motor. It quit working almost immediately. In general, these electric sharpeners were made very economically, so I've always figured I'd just as soon get a really good quality hand cranked machine next time I ever needed one.But this machine is different. Way different! It's hefty and solid enough that it doesn't squiggle all around on the desktop when the motor is running, and it quickly sharpens pencils very nicely. It's rather big, but that's why it sits there solidly, and why you won't have to empty some sort of flimsy shavings bin after every few pencils. The plastic in this unit's shavings bin is strong and thick, and the overall feel of the whole machine is of quality. One nice touch is the way the blades automatically retract from the pencil as soon as it senses it's sharp. So, as it grinds the pencil away, it suddenly starts to spin freely, your pencil quits disappearing down the hole, and you know it's done. This is great for kids who seem to like to grind and grind their pencils forever.The simple manual that comes with the sharpener states that it's suitable for heavy duty classroom use. I believe it, and I think it's an excellent product for that application. It's fast, the kids know immediately when their pencil is sharp, and it looks and feels like it will last forever.The instructions say not to sharpen crayons or other improper items in the unit, which makes sense. Even so, they do provide instructions on how to clean the heavy duty blades with a dry cloth if they do get gummed up.  Also, if the motor overheats from too much continuous use, a built-in thermal switch shuts off the unit for 20 minutes or so, until it cools back down. That's the kind of feature that highlights the quality design of this sharpener!Having just gotten this product from the Amazon Vine Program I just couldn't be happier with my new Pencil Sharpener.First of all, what is mainly different from many of the pencil sharpeners I've had is the amount of storage in the case (which is see through) for all the shavings!  Wow! Wow! Wow! It is truly very extra-extra large so you don't have to empty it as often.It is compact enough to not take up much desk space, but heavy enough I don't have to hold it when I insert the pencil.The bottom of the unit also has suctions, which hold the unit down in place wherever you put it.  NO moving around.  If you have small students this is a plus.. no pushing it off the table to be broken.I can see that I will have this sharpener for years, and its heavy duty so if you have a classroom full of students it would be a best bet!It is electric....  so make sure you have a place for it that has an electrical outlet nearby.  The cord is about average length so it will need to be close.The pencils come out sharp..  who doesn't want a sharp pencil??  And there is also a sliding button on the front that you can adjust for ANY size pencil.  (Love that.)  Plus it comes with a 2 year warranty which is awesome.  They will replace the blades if they ever get dull!This is my first experience with an electric sharpener. My writing utensils are normally mechanical pencils and pens. For the few pencils I got, I normally use a manual sharpener. So my initial impression was that this unit physically felt sturdy and high quality.It was quick and easy to switch between the different size dials. The sharpening process was quick but not entirely flawless. But I suppose that could be because I wasn't used to operating an electric sharpener. Regular lead pencils seem to sharpen better than colored pencils.The cup that comes with the sharpener is easily detached and is large enough to contain a sizable quantity of debris. Overall I still prefer manual sharpeners but that is just my preference. If you are in the market for electric sharpeners, then this is a decent choice as long as the price is south of twenty-five bucks.So there's some good and bad here. The good: for the most part, it's powerful enough to sharpen well without bogging down like our old sharpener. Multiple guide holes are very useful, and the large, visible shavings bin is great. It holds a ton and you know when it's time to empty it - a task that's simple.Also, the thing has suction cup feet, so it doesn't slide across a desk or counter while it's in use - a great thing. And it sharpens to a point that's quite pointy, which is nice if you need to use your pencil as a self-defense device.The problem, as some other reviewers have pointed out, is that it tends to sharpen unevenly. I've had pencils come out with a 1/4" of graphite exposed on one side, and NONE on the other, making the pencil unusable. The solution is to let it spin a bit, rotating it around to try and get an even point, and that seems to help - though it's still not consistently cut, and can cause the graphite to break.All in all, if I'd picked it up locally, I'd consider returning it. On the other hand, it may well be that in the case of the uneven sharpening, as my wife and son said "they all do that." If that's the case, I suppose the large shavings container and suction cup feet make it better than others I've seen. And it's much better than the cheap consumer one we've had in the house for the last couple of years (which fills up too fast and bogs down constantly).So it's a "meh - it's ok" kinda review. The thing is good in some respects, but be prepared to figure out how to deal with the uneven sharpening.I use the 'X-Acto School Pro Heavy-Duty Electric Sharpener'in my work office, and it works great. We sharpen pencils all day long, and each one comes out perfectly sharpened. In fact, the points are so sharp, the pencils could be used as weapons. ;) I particularly like the large, see-thru receptacle. There's no guess work when to empty it. The heavy duty motor is very quiet, and sharpens pencils effortlessly. It also comes with a 2 year warranty. The 'X-Acto School Pro Heavy-Duty Electric Sharpener' fits just about every size pencil, and works great. I recommend it for any home, office, or school.I got this to replace my old office sharpener, but didn't realize it would be so big. I love the fact that it has different size holes for different size pencils. Not only can I use it, but my high school age son and my grandson for his huge pencils. The chamber where all the shavings go is huge, and what I like most about it, is that it's clear, so you know exactly when it needs to be emptied, no guessing here. It is definitly too big to be moving around, so if you decide to buy this, make sure it's going to be sitting somewhere. Don't expect a child to carry it in his backpack.OK, X-acto and I have gone fistocuffs on their sharpeners, but each time they have made good.  I ordered the battery POWERED to begin with, that was a lame excuse for a sharpener.  Then I ordered a Bostitch which made me giddy for 2 weeks, then I woke up one morning and "it no work".  They have yet to get back to me.I have arm issues due to the fact I have to sharpen my pencils so often due to the detail work I have chosen to occupy my retirement years with.I ordered this sharpener and OMG!!! how fabulous.  At any price this would be a fine product, but I got it for a steal!When I complained about the battery operated one, I got another, that also didn't work.  the rep at X-acto asked me "do you NEED a battery operated one?) At which point I realized that perhaps that was the issue.  It is ridicuouls to have a product that is going to cost a small fortune in batteries.Buy this!!!!  Great for the wear and tear of children and a beligerant artist such as myself.Dianne Schuch Lindsey  dlschuch at Salon.com (Open Salon)The sharpener is large and powerful and in the short time that I've used it has been fine.  The sharpening angle is not as acute as I would like, but I understand that it is probably safer for children.This is a high quality pencil sharpener that I plan to use in my home only.  There is a large, secure fitting bin to catch the pencil shavings which shouldn't have to be changed that often.  I really like the suction cups at the bottom that help keep it firmly sitting on the top of the desk.  And the sharpener is adjustable for several different size pencils including the fat primary ones.  As the product description says it does not over sharpen pencils to the point that they break easily but does yield a point sharp enough to be effective and fairly long lasting.  I know some other reviewers have claimed with school use this sharpener only lasts about a year but with just a couple of users in a home I would guess this well designed product will perform well much longer.This is the electric pencil sharpener issued by the Seattle School District to all classrooms. After three years, the experience taught me to appreciate the manual ones that were used by teachers for decades. Here is a listing of my complaints:.1. It chews up pencils fast..2. It breaks down after a one year usage..3. The District buys it at $25 each and provides one for every classroom. When it breaks down, the building suppose to buy replacements. Unfortunately because of reduced budgets, none are ever purchased. As a result, teachers use their own money and buy traditional manual pencil sharpeners. They are cheaper, durable, and more reliable than this electrical power device.I am a 7th grade teacher. I have a lot of students and a lot of pencils to sharpen each day. I've had this sharpener for 3 years, but I never let my students sharpen their own pencils. Why? Because they break it. I sent this sharpener to the "Doctor" two times and the last time it almost didn't make it back. Students looove to stick the wrong end of the pencil in or just keep the pencil in and sharpen it down as low as it goes. So I'm the only one that uses it now. Kids bring me their pencils between instruction and the system works great.But...the pencil sharpener...not so much. It's annoying because the "standard" size doesn't fit 99% of pencils. Standard sized pencils work great. However, when you go up to the next size, it's off center and it never truly sharpens the pencil straight and even. Some pencils, if they are the cheaper versions never get sharpened at all because they have that annoying piece of wood that goes all the way to the tip of the lead; some pencils we just have to throw them away. Not good.I spent quite a bit on this sharpener and if I had to buy again, I would pick a different one. One that at least sharpens straight for all sizes of pencils. I can't recommend this sharpener.I was so excited when I got this Pencil Sharpener from Amazon Vine for review. My old pencil sharpener was one of the standard office models that are in every office in the country -- slow, inefficient and barely more productive than one of the little hand jobs.  The X-Acto School Pro Heavy-Duty Electric Sharpener is wonderful!. It sharpens even brand new pencils quickly and effortlessly.  It does just as well as colored pencils which is amazing (the old one just broke the leads off and left us sharpening the things to nubs). It is easy to empty and the shavings are visible. I highly recommend this pencil sharpener -- every home and office should have one.It is funny how much time and frustration can be wasted on small appliances that don't work well or that are designed poorly. This little pencil sharpener does exactly what it should do and quite a bit more. It sharpens quickly, the motor is not too loud and it automatically stops sharpening the instant the pencil acquires a nice sharp point.The multiple size settings are useful, the device is sturdy and doesn't hop all over the table when in use.It comes with a two year warranty on the blade and a ten year warranty on the machine.If you are in the market for yourself or for a classroom, this is an excellent little machine.Update July '11 :  After a few weeks of use the sharpener had an encounter with the eraser end of pencil and that jammed things up pretty well. I tried blowing out the stuff with a pressurized air spray, digging at the assembly with sharp things and finally took the whole thing apart to get the blade assembly apart.On the plus side this seems pretty well built and it went back together easily. The parts seem solid and it performs as well now as it did before my taking it apart.On the other hand, I'd have hoped that a workhorse pencil sharpener would just shred up an eraser withought grinding to a halt. Or that there might have been an easier way to pop off the assembly to clean it.This pencil sharpener is strong enough to handle any job, and easy enough for anyone to handle. Love the variety of holes so you can find just the right one for your pencil. It makes sharpening fun - my kids all want a turn!The X-Acto School Pro Electric Pencil Sharpener is fantastic.  It does not over sharpen pencils and is easy to use.  It can fit 6 different sizes of pencils and has a marking for the standard size!  My kindergartener and my 4 year old both use it with ease.  It is easy to empty, and the container that holds the shards is firmly attached - does not come out easily while sharpening.  The suction cups stick firmly to table top so you don't have to press down on top to hold steady.Review for: X-Acto School Pro Heavy-Duty Electric SharpenerI prefer the Bostitch Quiet Pro 6.  This one is about as quiet and they appear to do a similarly quick and even job, however I like the look of the Bostitch Quiet Pro 6 more and it does seem I can feel the sharpening job is complete more easily with the Bostitch.That said, the X-Acto School Pro seems to be a fine electric sharpener.  If you are okay with its look and size it seems to do an excellent, relatively quiet job.I can't speak for its durability as I returned it after comparing with the Bostitch.  This was one of the two available at Office Depot that advertised their quietness.Pros- Much quieter than most electric pencil sharpeners- Big shavings receptacle- Fast, even sharpeningCons- Nothing that wasn't personal taste/feel.The X-Acto School Pro Heavy Duty Pencil Electric Sharpener is pretty amazing.  It's not cheaply constructed.  This sharpener is meant to last and withstand some abuse.  With six sizable holes to choose from you're likely to find a match for your pencil.  The large shaving receptacle allows for plenty of use between trips to the trash.  We really like this pencil sharpener, design, and color.  However, it's not without its flaws.  First, the points on the pencils can be rather short and sharp, like a needle.  The sides of the pencils tend to have a little wood left behind, so you have to put the pencil back in at and angle to expose more graphite.  We do like the automatic pencil stop, so many times with a regular pencil sharpener the pencil gets sucked down for lunch and before you know it you're left with a stub of a brand new pencil! I can't say it's "quiet," but it certainly isn't as loud as a tree chipper, as our older electric pencil sharpener is.Overall it's a power horse of an electric pencil sharpener, quick and seamless.  However, I can only give you this review from a basic home needs with children who use it and not from a classroom point of view.This X-Acto Pro heavy duty electric sharpener works very well. It has a large receptacle and is less noisy than the usual electric sharpener. It has multiple diameter dial fits for various pencil sizes. it also comes with a Manufacturer's 2-year warranty. This sharpener makes a terrific gift!I love having this electronic pencil sharpner at home. It's heavy-duty and pretty awesome. My only complaint and this is minor is that I'd like the largest hole to be larger. I'm sure it's not standard sized but since I have it at home, I'd like to be able to sharpen non-standard sizes as well.Edited to add: I've had this for a while now. Having an electric sharpner in the house when you have a kid who loves to draw is awesome.There are a number of pros and cons to the X-Acto School-Pro Pencil Sharpener.  It offers a good set of features for the price.But the biggest issue is that it's simply not realistic for X-Acto to promise a heavy duty electric sharpener at this price level.  There are too many compromises.  If price is critical, I'd suggest going with a manual sharpener.Note that this sharpener only has a single cutter.  If you're after quality, look for a twin cutter model.  While the adjustable pencil guide (with various size holes) helps somewhat, it's hard to get consistently good sharpening with a single cutter model unless you're very careful about it.Replacement cutter blades are available on Amazon:X-ACTO S Replacement Pencil Sharpener Cutter/Carrier RackA similar alternative to consider isStanley Bostitch QuietSharp6 Pencil Sharpener.Manual pencil sharpeners to consider include the Westcott School iPoint Manual Pencil Sharpener.Or, a couple basic options:Staedtler Metal Sharpeners, Double Hole for Pencils and Colored PencilsorStaedtler Metal Double Hole Sharpener with Tub(but see the reviewsfor the same product here)We recently purchased this model for our tutoring center to replace several older sharpeners that had passed their prime.This X-Acto performs as promised, and then some. Pencils really do sharpen quickly, quietly, and sharply. I've never experienced such pencil sharpening perfection in my life. So impressed am I that I used every pretense to sharpen pencils and am always on alert for a pencil with a broken point.  Cutters on this device disengage once the pencil has reached its correct pencil point, a great feature.The chamber for collecting shavings is generously sized so that it doesn't have to be emptied frequently, even with sharpening fanatics like myself around.  I also like the suction feet of the machine that keep it planted firmly to the table during the sharpening functions.Bottom line - I feel like a kid in a toy store when using this great, Chinese-made sharpener.X-Acto is known for their excellent cutting blades, and the X-Acto School Pro Heavy-Duty Electric Sharpener doesn't disappoint. Over the years, I've tested many so-called heavy duty sharpeners, and inevitably they either break or the blades get dull. This sharpener is exactly how it's described: Heavy Duty.A rotating dial allows you to insert a variety of different sized pencils, including colored pencils. An easy-to-remove filing drawer collects all of the pencil and lead filings for convenient disposal. The design is such that there isn't any danger of accidently dumping the filings, as is common with other brands of sharpeners.The blades on the sharpener are very sharp and they effortlessly sharpen your pencil.The sharpener is made of a heavy-duty plastic, with an electric cord.Our sharpener has seen a great deal of use, and it's still sharpening just fine. I'm very pleased with it. As I've said, I've probably owned at least six or seven sharpeners over the years, but this is the first one that I've truly been happy with.What's better than a perfectly sharpened pencil? How about a dozen perfectly sharpened pencils and a dozen perfectly sharpened colored pencils! And this perfection comes to me after I spent the last year sharpening mine on a hand held freebie one from a fire rescue awareness program. How surprised and sad I was when it chewed off the already dull point of every pencil I stuck in it! How happy I am by contrast with my sleek and lovely new X-Acto School Pro Heavy-Duty Electric Sharpener!I bought this sharpener because we have a large collection of very thick color pencils which require the largest hole on this sharpener to sharpen. This sharpener works fine.However, I was rather surprised by its large size. It is twice as tall as most of the electric sharpeners one sees in offices and homes, and it is wider and heavier.I'm not sure why, but i feel so much better being able to see the ink in my highlighters.  Helps me monitor whether or not they are running out, I guess.  These kind by Sharpie are my favorite.  I love the multi-color packs, but the most common one i use is the yellow, so i depend on these.  Perfect for paperwork, college annotations and more.  I highly recommend these highlighters.And, if you happen to leave the cap off, the tip dries out quickly and it is very difficult to get it wet again.Still, I would choose a liquid highlighter over the old felt tips any day of the week, because you know how much ink you have left.these highlighters run out quite fast -- i can highlight a textbook and three days later the ink is almost all gone.it is great to make profits making and selling these highlighters, but it is not good for consumers.also, after the ink runs out, there is a lot of plastic that get thrown away as trash.the old style of Sanford highlighters can highlight textbook well, but the new Sharpie / Chisel type cannot.  so I am forced to use these and pay a lot of money for them.  the old style one can last three months without any problem, but it must be too slow for profit making selling them.[Update: what is more, the liquid portion inside the pen is in fact only about 1/3 of the pen's internal volume.  When you hold a new pen vertically, you can see the air bubble at the top 1/3 of the pen, so it is all empty there.  So that's why the ink run out so quickly: all liquid, and only at 1/3 of the pen's volume.  I am sure this pen makes a lot of money, and the director may become a senior vice president now, but what is wasted, is the raw material to construct the pen, the traffic to ship these pens as they run out quickly, and earth itself.  Money is made, profit is made, promotion is made.  The rest, as in some popular commentary nowadays: "is your problem".]One of the better highlighters I have used.  I like the transparent view to see how much of that yellow liquid is left.  Not disappointed at all.Being a college student I fly thru highlighters.  I used to like the sharpie gel ones, but they were out of stock last time I went to order.  I decided to give these a try and I like them even better.  They do not bleed thru my text book pages like some liquid highlighters do, and they do not smudge. Only downside is I wish they lasted longer, but they do get good use.I bought these because of the design.  Most highlighters are short and flat, but this one is more like a pen.  I haven't had any problems with my green one because I don't use it very often.  For being a highlighter, it is very dark and it usually soaks through the page.Bright colors, sharp tips and every color that you need. I only use it for home use (very seldom), so I know they will last for a long time. They came as described and on-time.I like these because they are small highlighters. I kind of with that it would have said something in the description though.5 basic colors that can usually be found for a reasonable price...the pink, blue, orange, green will show up on a color copy machine the yellow will not....These are bright and colorful.  I have no complaints at all.  Price is great and I'll buy them again. Highly recommend.My wife and I use color liners for many purposes such as marking TV shows to watch and tracing routes on maps, There do the job very well. They last a long time and do not pick up &#34;black&#34; from what they mark.These highlighters are very high quality. They last a very long time and are very sharp looking on your work. Highly recommend this product!These brite lines seem to work just fine. There isn't anything special about them. I would recommend them to peopleI'm a third-year law student, which pretty much means I'm an expert on highlighters.  These highlighters dried out pretty quickly compared to other brands, like Sharpie and hi-liters.  I did like these better than some others because I didn't have a hard time reading the text under the coloring, unlike some brands (eg the blue and green in the Sharpie brand).What's not to love about these highlighters! They are bright and colorful! They last for a while! Haven't had any problems yet:)Good tip size; you can mark entire lines of text or underline with a fine point.  Nice bright colors.  But, a couple of the colors are already very low on ink and I've only had them a few months - they seem to be low on ink regardless of how much I used them.Nice and simple highlighters, but not that long-lived.I read a lot of books to review and I highlight every one whether it is highlighting in the Kindle Fire highlighting feature or in a paper book using a BIC highlighter.  When it is a paper book I use multiple colored highlighters.  Yellow for people's names, pink is for a main item within the storyline, orange is for major quotes or possibilities for titles of the review.  I have used highlighters for as long as I can remember and I use them up pretty quickly.  Each drawer in the house seems to have a handful of various colors.I have taken a photo of some of the main colors that I have used and BIC is about the best you can get.  They are good and bright colors with a broad tip that allows you to highlight the entire line or to use the fine tip to just underline some words.  I like the pocket clip as I clip them onto the top of my briefcase or portfolio whichever I am using to store them for the next book I read.Regardless of whether you are studying for school or work or just reading a book to review they are handy tools to have around.  I recommend them to you.These are one of my favorite highlighters... small like a pen and very bright.Plus the combination of colors is perfect.Five highlighters in five colors for a couple dollars -- what's not to love?  The shades are fun, the price is right, and I can now highlight to my heart's content.  Wheee....I have never bought a Bic product and not liked it.  These high lighters are great.  You can't go wrong with BicI don't expect highlighters to be super florescent but these don't even make an attempt. Green and blue are way to dark and make the highlighted text difficult to read.These were a wonderful set. I needed some for my dorm and school work and these fit the bill! Will buy more!My daughter is in college so it is nice to find a deal like this. She loves the size of these because they do not take up so much room in her pencil case.BIC is a very reliable name.  It has been around for ever.  Great price, great colors, great size.  What's not to like about a BIC.  HAPPY, HAPPY, HAPPY!I use this product to highlight the important transaction on my check register. The ink lasts long and I'm still using it now.I couldn't beat the price anywhere. I am always needing a highlighter, especially with grand kids and great grand kids.I especially like the selection of colors allowing me to segment text and special items.These highlighters are GREAT! However, I do have an a minor issue with them.Some colors seem to give off much more ink than the others. I don't know what the issue is, but it is very noticeable on paper! Other than that, I have had no issues with them!It's BIC, but hey not bad at all, you can use the entire chisel tip or underline, will be using for college!It is alright for the price, I guess.  The blue and green are too dark to clearly see what you are highlighting, so they are useless. The orange and yellow are the best colors, and fluorescent upon drying.  The pink is dull but light enough to see the highlighted words.  They are already drying up and I haven't used them that much or had them for very long.These are great, highlight the areas you want and are easy to read thru. colors are most findable as are the words you want to highlitePurchased these for little sisters in school, they have worked really good all school year. Would definitely recommend to anyone who has to hi-lite a lot. Will buy again for next school yearThese are my favorite highlighters.  I like being able to see the ink (and how much of it there still is).  The colors are great.  I will buy these over and over again.these highlighters run out quite fast -- i can highlight a textbook and three days later the ink is almost all gone.it is great to make profits making and selling these highlighters, but it is not good for consumers.also, after the ink runs out, there is a lot of plastic that get thrown away as trash.the old style of Sanford highlighters can highlight textbook well, but the new Sharpie / Chisel type cannot. so I am forced to use these and pay a lot of money for them. the old style one can last three months without any problem, but it must be too slow for profit making selling them.These Sharpie highlighters are colorful and effective, and I like them so much that I've purchased a second package to replace a few of the colors that I've lost (I'm guessing my cats chased them under the couch or something). I've owned them for about 18 months, and while I use highlighters infrequently, I love having a wide variety of colors to choose from so that when I'm marking up pages I can create my own shorthand to note different topics using color.A few things you should know about these pens:With darker colors such as purple and blue, it's definitely difficult to read black text underneath.The highlighters let go of a lot of ink, so if you like to move your highlighter slowly, you can leave the paper a little bit damp. I actually think this is a benefit because I move quickly and hate streaky, dry highlighters.There is also a 10 pack available which has a number of gradations of these same colors as well as purple and red. I've actually found that the five colors included in this pack are the ones I use the most, because when I'm using highlighters, I like to have colors that are obviously distinct, while the three different blues and the red-pink-orange-salmon colors in the 10 pack look pretty similar on a fast inspection.While the fact that these highlighters lean a little to the wet end of things means that you'll probably need to replace them sooner, I'd much rather have that than the alternative, of a highlighter which runs a little dry and ends up giving a streaky highlight. I really like the streamlined, not too bulky tip of these pens, and would definitely recommend them.I'm a third-year law student, which pretty much means I'm an expert on highlighters.Pros:Bright colors!Liquid chamber is so coolCons:PriceyRuns out of ink quicklyDoesn't include a purpleDepending on the paper, the ink smearsConclusion: If you like bright colors and don't care if these run out of ink fairly quickly, get them because they are cool.This Sharpie highlighter feels good in my hand and leaves a clean stroke.  I love the fact that I am able to view the ink. The cap snaps on almost to well; it took a little effort to remove and replace.  This will help keep them from drying out as quickly as others I have owned.  When in use the cap stays nicely attached to the other end so I will not have to search for a missing cap.  Nice pocket clip.  I would change only one thing on these Sharpie highlighters; make the chisel tip just a tad wider.I still wish the tip was wider but I am very happy I purchased these highlighters.I use these and another brand... they both work well... LOL, I like the ergonomics of these better.Colors are bright and vivid without being too intrusive on what you are highlighting. I have used highlighters in the past that are so dark it does not &#34;highlight&#34; the words... it hides them.So 5 stars for this just because they are simply awesome!These colors are nice and bright.  They allow you to clearly read the text underneath you highlighted.  I really love them because they do not run my ink jet ink on school work I print out (like pp's for class).  Also they work nice in my text book.  They also don't bleed thru like other highlighters have on me.  The only two downsides to these highlighters is they are more expensive than regular sharpie highlighters and they go thru ink fast.  You however can see how much ink is left in the highlighter so you can monitor it so you can be prepared when it will run out.I like the variety of colors. I use these to highlight in my Bible. They work really well. They are easy to use and are a nice color, not to overwhelming to cover up what you are highlighting. I would recommend these for any one looking for highlighters.Again sharpie makes one of the best products and this one is great it does what it is supposed to do.I am a college student and found that I tend to do much better in my classes if I at least make an attempt to read the book.I bought these because of the price, but was very happy with them. I used Bic highlighters last semester.  They worked okay, but during finals when I was highlighting like crazy, they would die.  I bought another set, and they too, ended up in the trash.These have yet to die on me.I have a variety of colors because I tend to color code my textbooks.  For me, it makes studying much easier.Sanford Major Accent with orange ink is a large highlighting marker that produces a nice, bright orange color that is easy to see and that doesn't hide the text underneath. It doesn't soak through paper, either, so you don't need to worry that the paper underneath will become dotted with orange ink. The ink in this highlighter sticks to the spot it was intended to cover and even the act of making additional strokes over the same area won't cause it to soak through to the other side. As long as the ink on the paper that one wishes to highlight is dry, there won't be any smearing or mess when using this highlighter.One other nice thing about this highlighter is its lack of any offensive odor. Most of us have experienced the nasty smell that seems to radiate from many different types of markers. This highlighting marker contains no such smell and this is a nice change for those of us who gag upon popping the cap off of most markers.The highlighting line produced by this marker varies in length depending on the way it is angled when it touches the surface of the paper. The chisel tip is good for making wide lines and this makes it a good choice when a large amount of material needs to be highlighted. Angling the tip another direction (to get the thinnest line) will result in a line that is about one- third as wide (when compared to the widest possible line). This ability to produce lines of varying width is another one of the highlighter's strong points.If there are any negative points to make about this highlighting marker they would have to be the lack of a gripping area near the tip of the marker and the possibility of stained clothing. No gripping surface means the marker can sometimes slide between the fingers. It can also produce stains on light colored clothing but the stains can usually be washed out since the ink isn't as permanent as other ink markers. The ink dries within seconds of contact with a porous surface but since its mark is so light, it won't even be noticeable on darker clothing.Overall, Sanford Major Accent with orange ink is a very good choice for highlighting paper and similar materials. It makes lines of varying length, dries quickly, and doesn't have a bad smell. It's a good highlighter to have around when you need to make wider lines and want a nice, vibrant shade of orange.These used to work great on textbooks, for highlighting a whole row of text (not just underline, but solidly through the text).  But after the chisel tip, it is too wide to highlight a row of text.  Using the side of the tip, then it is too thin.  The old style of these highlighters didn't have the chisel tip, and the side of the tip is just perfect for textbooks.  Now I have to use the pen-style liquid accent highlighters ( [...] ), and they run out very quickly, and they cost one dollar each, instead of 59 or 69 cents big ones which could last several time longer than the pen-style ones.I love these highlighters!! And I must admit I do love pink highlighters the most our of all of the colors. It always seems to stand out more than the others for me. I am so happy I ordered the 12 pack set of these highlighters. I am going to order a set of the yellow, green, blue, and possibly next. I highlight a lot as I am a junior in college and I liek to color cordinate topics in a chapter with a certain color because it helps me when studying.*****I would not order the purple though, it is far to light. I get it cannot be dark or else you wouldn't be able to see what you are highlighting, but when you use it and possibly use another color on that same page, that purple section might as well not be highlighted at all, because it does not stand out one bit.I read a lot of books to review and I highlight every one whether it is highlighting in the Kindle Fire highlighting feature or in a paper book using a Sharpie highlighter. When it is a paper book I use multiple colored highlighters. Yellow for people's names, pink is for a main item within the storyline, orange is for major quotes or possibilities for titles of the review. I have used highlighters for as long as I can remember and I use them up pretty quickly. Each drawer in the house seems to have a handful of various colors.This size of highlighter is my favorite and it holds a lot of highlighting dye and it lasts a long time.  It is also larger around,  of an inch in diameter, and easier for me to hold in my big hands for long periods of time.  I like the fact that it is just yellow and not some glaringly bright fluorescent color that glares out at me on the page.Regardless of whether you are studying for school or work or just reading a book to review they are handy tools to have around. I recommend them to you.Sharpie highlighters are excellent at highlighting text and are reasonably priced.  Under some lighting conditions, yellow simply doesn't show up (why I disagree with those who prefer "plain yellow"), so I have switched to these for all my highlighting needs.Highlighters seem to run out quickly around my office. With 12, I have enough to last a while. Note: The fluorescent green is better for thick paper documents. Yellow is more suitable for thinner documents.I love these! I use purple a lot at the office and this just falls right in to the rest of my supplies! Perfect!I was really happy to find this here.Staples stores (I dont know about the online availability) no longer sell this color because everyone seems to have hopped on the neon yellow bandwagon. I really like the darker, golden color and find it so much better for highlighting than the neon.It highlights clearly and allows you to see the text that is highlighted. It is a little darker than I would like though and usually at the end of a highlighted streak a bit of extra ink from the highlighter pools up and leaves small areas that are much darker.I would say these are great for emphasizing points, but I still prefer yellow highlighter for large areas of text.These Sharpie accent highlighters work quite well. I've been using them at work for the last couple of years and am totally pleased with them, as are my coworkers.I usually use the same brand and model, but the yellow highlighter.  I wanted to get this green one so I can differentiate between main ideas/categories and sub-ideas in my textbook, unfortunately, my pen scanner gives me errors with the green highlights.  Doesn't matter if I underline with it, or highlight the line completely with it.  I believe it is too dark of a green which causes these errors.  Thankfully, it only affected 1 chapter in which I tried it with.  I guess I'll have to try a lighter color.Great highlighter, not as intense bright as a fluorescent highlighters, does not smear, and perfect size tip. These highlighters last much longer than no name or knock of brands. They do not dry up.The smear guard really works, and the highlighter is instantly dry, so when writing over it your hand is not painted all different colors. I highly recommend these to everybody.I purchased this pack of highlighters expecting to get highlighters that highlighted in blue color.I received the package a few days later within the expected delivery time frame. I opened the adequate packaging for the highlighters to see, well, a box of highlighters. Sharpie even went ahead and colored the housing of the highlighter blue as the highlighter itself is in blue ink.I highlighted a page in my textbook, which has semi-thin glossy paper (as do most textbooks). It highlighted it in surprise, a BLUE COLOR. The pen, while highlighting, did not explode, leak, nor did it shoot magic out of its rear. The highlighting is mildly noticeable through the other side of the paper, but you won't notice it when you highlight on that side. I would be cautious when highlighting particular inks and/or on thinner, more absorbent paper, as it may show through to an unacceptable extent.Tl;DR, Unless you are a highlighter Nazi, and if you just want a plain, blue highlighter, then this will work. High capacity for more highlighting, large grip so your hands dont cramp from hours of highlighting. Enjoy.Feel free to comment on this if you have any questions. I can answer directly and/or provide pictures if necessary.I prefer a yellow highlighter, but many years ago it seems that most manufacturers adopted a fluorescent yellow color that looked attractive initially but quickly faded to the point that the highlighting was useless. This yellow highlighter is acceptably fade free. The cap goes on and off easily and smoothly. I also use the green color of this brand, and i like it too--not too dark.Use a lot of highlighters in my work and finally have had to buy my own.  These are a really good price and last pretty well.  Not a lot else you can say about highlighters but I like these.I am a college student and found that I tend to do much better in my classes if I at least make an attempt to read the book.I bought these because of the price, but was very happy with them. I used Bic highlighters last semester. They worked okay, but during finals when I was highlighting like crazy, they would die. I bought another set, and they too, ended up in the trash.These have yet to die on me.I usually carry at least 2 yellow highlighters in my backpack, just in case someone asks to borrow one.  I also have 2 yellow highlighters that I keep at home, but in case I don't get it back.I have a variety of colors because I tend to color code my textbooks. For me, it makes studying much easier.I love these highlighters. First of all, if you highlight documents and then need to photocopy them, the yellow fluorescent will not shop up on the photocopies. The other colors like pink and green just mess everything up when making copies.The price on Amazon cannot be beat!!Box was damaged upon arrival, but luckily it didn't damage the product.  Will order again just hope the box is in better condition next time.Works great and is very fluorescent.  Perfect for highlighting books and notes.  I have used Sharpie products for decades and the only important thing you need to remember is with any Sharpie product MAKE SURE THE CAP IS ON TIGHT!  That way it will not prematurely dry out.I have used the Sanford highlighters for close to 20 years. there are nice. However, just yesterday I got some from a local store and it is now called "Shapie by Sanford". They are almost a disaster when highlighting textbooks. The wide brush is too wide. The side (the narrower brush) is really thin. So, I cannot highlight any books or textbooks and had to return them.I guess the new ones could be good for highlighting invoices or business computer printouts, but they may lose some customers who would like to highlight books.Sharpie is the only brand I use for my highlighting needs.  I use it often while at the office to underscore important information and data.  The pen lasts a long time.  Don't settle for other highlighters that will only last half as long and dry out quickly.These are my absolute FAVORITE YELLOW HIGHLIGHTERS! I have used them for more years than I will admit. (Makes me appear old)! However, SHARPIE wins hands down on this product over ALL OF THE REST! The packaging could have been better thought out. Placing these in a box of heavy copying paper is not the best way to ship them. Other that this tiny occurrence they are wonderful! I can not say enough good things about how effective these highlighters really are! The were also sold for at a decent price which is also HUGE for me when I am making purchases. You absolutely can not GO WRONG with using these! Believe me, I should know. Thank you SHARPIE and AMAZON!I am a freak on using highlighters.  I use them so much that I constantly have to purchase more as they run out of ink.  Even though I prefer the smaller ones I buy a lot of these in the 5 packs because they last a long time.  I like the gel ones as they seem to last longer and they dry on the page quickly so I don't have a yellow stained hand from using it.These are the same, normal, size as all my other standard highlighters, not stubby or "mini" in any respect.They were delivered quickly, saving me gas and time in line shopping at a great price.  I prefer the flourescent to the yellow because they do not obscure the text when I need to photocopy.I can't comment on how long they last yet but noted nothing adverse in the other reviews.Great product.  Great price.I donated these to my sons teacher for the class. No complaints, however, its sharpie so I am not expecting any complaintsThe item is fine and it is a great price; they are just shorter than a black regular size magic marker.  When you look at the picture you cannot tell if these are the same size as a black magic marker or a shorter version. The tip is also not as wide. I have added a picture to describe the size of this magic marker to an average black magic marker since a reviewer is unable to comprehend my review.If you haven't used Sharpie yellow highlighters before I don't know what rock you have been living under, but crawl out and try them! They are the best highlighters I have ever used.I use them for all manner of my work in my home office. This twelve-pack is such a great way to buy the Sharpies if you use them a lot.This is a good item and a good price.  They arrived on time.  They are smaller than your average sized highlighters but they get the job done.  I purchased them for my 4th graders anyway because I teach them how to highlight important information as they are reading.  We have our major State-Wide ELA exam coming and I wanted to make sure that all my students have a highlighter just like I taught them.  They seem to do very well when they read and highlight the important information that's needed to answer questions for comprehension.  Cute highlighters, children love them and it helps.So far these highlighters are great even though I am still on the first one.  I bought these highlighters obviously to highlight important text in textbooks for the class I'm taking.  One reviewer said that these were not full-sized highlighters so initially I thought they were miniature highlighters that were like half the length of a regular highlighter, but this is not the case.  These are full-sized highlighters, and you get 12 of them for a great price.  Highly recommended!I thought it just one than it arrvied with 12 pens .but  when i hight line on the paper .not so good .hummmmmmThese Sharpie Highlighters are great and I go through a lot of them due to school work. In my opinion, these are the best out there. I highly recommend them for all your highlighting needs.Bought it because it's Sharpie! However, the tip is too thick for my liking and it's not very practical many of the times.I find the smaller tip version which is retractable better. Added the URL below for your consideration :)http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002LD1KI/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B0002LD1KI&linkCode;=as2&tag;=civcikdx-20&linkId;=HTU7A45MXQQVBXHFThese are the best highlighterst that I have bought.  I used to buy the Bic ones all the time.  These were on clearance when school was getting ready to start and I was a little strapped for cash.  They last much longer than other highlighters I've tried (Bic, Avery, some cheap dollar store kind).I tend to color code my textbooks.  For me, it makes studying much easier and I have found that I remember more if I use different colors.I would like to mention that I got jipped.  My pack of highlighters didn't have turquoise.  :c)Bought it because it's Sharpie! However, the tip is too thick for my liking and it's not very practical many of the times.I find the smaller tip version which is retractable better. Added the URL below for your consideration :)http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002LD1KI/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B0002LD1KI&linkCode;=as2&tag;=nealo10a-20&linkId;=HTU7A45MXQQVBXHFI have used the Sanford highlighters for close to 20 years.  there are nice.  However, just yesterday I got some from a local store and it is now called "Shapie by Sanford".  They are almost a disaster when highlighting textbooks.  The wide brush is too wide.  The side (the narrower brush) is really thin.  So, I cannot highlight any books or textbooks and had to return them.I guess the new ones could be good for highlighting invoices or business computer printouts, but they may lose some customers who would like to highlight books.These are the old standby highlighters, and at a good price for the variety of colors.  One of them had cracked and dried up, but other than that, all were in perfect condition.I bought this set for my backpack.  It has all of the colors (the description says turquoise, but mine came with 2 yellows). I have used other highlighters, that have cost more, in the past and was pretty disappointed with how long they lasted.I didn't expect these to last very long because they were cheaper that my old highlighters. Much to my suprise, they have made it through the semester and I will being using the same set again next semester.  This has saved me money because in previous semesters, I have to buy at least 2 sets of the Bic highlighters just to name it through the semester.I also like this set because it has all of the colors that I use to color code my textbooks.  Color coding has made studying MUCH easier for me.Great group of colors at a great price.  Love the sharpie brand.  Couldn't get half of the highlighters for the same price locally.  They don't bleed the ink and they are nice vibrant hues.  Will purchase again!quality highlighters.  Sometimes when you get a highlighter it doesn't glide smoothly but these work really well.  Much better deal packaged as a set too.I'm a third-year law student, which pretty much means I'm an expert on highlighters.  These ones last fairly long before drying out and are pretty cheap.  Couldn't ask for more. I also like the larger Sharpie type because you can highlight with just the tip and make a fine line or highlight with the fat, flat part and make a very thick highlight.  The difference might seem silly, but I spend a lot of time reading and highlighting, so it is important to me.  The only downside about these is that it doesn't come with a purple, that would make them perfect.Excellent Sharpie Quality Highlighters. A Value buy at this price. Stay good a wet for many uses. Wife has been using them for a few weeks now in office settingI really like the size , and fit in my hand. great colors too.I use them for so many projects, they don't dry out, I recommend themthey don't fade the pencil marking and writings that are already not he pages, and this is one of the most important advantages for me. also they are supposed to be toxin free, hopefully. a good combination of colors too.Great set of highlighters!  The mix of colors are nice for projects, helps keep things organized.  The colors are bright and don't bleed.  Would buy again.Pros: I go though highlighters like crazy.  These are by far my favorite.  They are very long lasting and bright colored.  Also they do not smear at all.  This package is great too because it comes in a resealable little pouch.Sharpie has been around for a long time.  The quality & reliability continues.  Love the color choices.  They last a long time too (don't dry up too fast).I was especially excited about these as I haven't really owned good name brand highlighters, as I'm going to college I thought why not grab a cool pack of highlighters for a good price! Sharpie is my fave highlighter brand.I love to highlight sentences and passages as I read.  These highlighters are the best.  One side is pointy and the other flat so that it can cover the whole phrase with one swift move.  If the paper quality is at all decent, it does not bleed onto the next page which is something I hate about some markers.  I recommend these whole-heartedly.Sanford is one of my most often used office supply brands and I have a collection of markers from this company for many uses. This particular style of marker is nice mainly because of its thin design. Even when compared to other "thin" highlighting markers, this one is thinner than most, with a thickness that makes it similar to gripping a pen or pencil.This marker uses fluorescent ink and this makes for a bright, shiny mark that is easy to see and is pleasing to the eyes. There is virtually no smearing with this highlighter. The ink dries within seconds and about the only way it will ever smear is if you intentionally try to smear it. I experimented with it myself and it was basically dry and incapable of smearing in about two seconds. The only way it will smear is if you immediately rub it after it has touched the paper. This is why, like I stated, this marker is basically smear proof.The mark left by this marker is anywhere from one to three mm, making it a good choice when you need to highlight smaller text (no more than, say, sixteen point font). But it isn't very useful when you have a large amount of text to highlight. This is why it is so important (if you highlight very frequently) to have several different highlighting markers available. Some are good for specific tasks but not good for other tasks.These markers leave a nice, easy to see, colorful mark on white paper and certain other colors of paper, provided there is sufficient contrast. But you need to make sure that you stroke the marker slowly across your paper when you use it. If you move too quickly, the ink will not flow out at a sufficient rate and the color will not be even. You need to move the marker at just the right speed to get the best results. A few practice strokes and you will understand where I am coming from.This marker uses non- toxic ink and while it is possible to get it on your clothing, it is only a problem if your clothing is light in color (you won't even notice it on dark colored clothing). If you stain your shirt, don't worry- this ink washes off easily in regular soap and water. There is no need to pre- treat the stain. It should be gone by running your clothing through a normal wash and rinse cycle.Overall, this is a decent highlighting maker from Sanford that gets the job done but doesn't really offer anything special. These markers do not have a fancy, easy- grip surface and they are very utilitarian in appearance. But they do offer a nice, shiny light green color and they are inexpensive, too. They make a good choice to add to your highlighting marker collection.I use highlighters quite a bit and have several different brands on hand, to my dismay.  Every one of them bleeds through the paper or makes the ink bleed and smudge.  Sharpie has come up with a real winner.  Even the materials that I print out on my printer and highlight don't smudge with this brightly colored winner.  I also get some reprints that are difficult to read (I'm in grad school) and I find that highlighting the print with these makes it much easier to read the print which, at my age (68) is a definite concern.  On all fronts, these are great and I shall purchase them again when the need arises.  You'll love them too!the highlighting is so weak from these highlighters they are essentially unusable. Considering that Sharpie is usually the best brand for markers, I suspect these are drying out from shelf life.  I should have sent them back but was too overwhelmed by other pressures.I'm no highlighter guru, but I know that these two companies have their paws all over this market. For me, it's all about longevity and comfort. I'm a avid reader and I do quite a bit of highlighting, so I want something that's long-lasting and feels good in my hand. And it has to be priced right, obviously. I got all of these things, but there's one thing that I didn't think to consider. And that's the satisfying click missing when you cap these. With the blue bic highlighters that float right around this price range, you get to hear the click that let's you know the cap is secure. Recapping the bic's require no attention because you expect to here that clicking noise, so when I didn't hear that the first time using it, I said, "where's the click?". Now, it's actually not THAT big of a deal and other sharpie products may have this feature incorporated, but not this one; and since Bic's comparable product does, I gave it a 4 out of 5. There is tension when you close it, so it's not like the cap's just gonna fall off, but still. What Sharpie does have that Bic doesn't is a prettier product. The cap is not as big on the Sharpie's, the clip is designed with a nicer curve, especially at the tip which flares slightly outward at the end so is slides easily into your pocket. It's also less bulkier than the Bic's from tip to end.  Oh yeah, regarding the "smear guard"? I tested the "smeariness" of both and they both smear at the same rate, whether rubbing a finger over it or dropping water on it and then rubbing a finger over it..So, if you rolled you eyes at my rant regarding my love for "clicking" caps, then these Sharpie's will make for a great purchase and keep you in highlighting heaven.My personal favorite highlighter. Always work well. I think they could last a little longer, but they don't smear like others which is great. Also the aren't too wide which is nice. perfect width for highlighting in med text books.I actually was surprised that this was a disappointment for me!  I purchase a lot of Sharpie Products and I have always been Happy and Pleased!  However, this product I am not thrilled about much at all.  I gave it (3 Stars) because it is okay I guess but is not what I am used to experiencing with Sharpie Products.  They are more convenient to throw in your purse if you need to.  However, these highlighters run out Very Quickly and not as reliable.  I had to give them a try since I use other Sharpie Products but now I have done this and I can honestly say that I will not be ordering or buying &#34;These Type&#34; again.  I have had the need and have been exposed to numerous &#34;Office Supplies&#34; of All Types and Brands for the past (20+ years) and most likely will continue to do so until I no longer can, if that time comes.  I do like the concept behind this type of marker.  However, there is quite a bit of room for improvement which I truly do believe will occur.  It is just a matter of time.Ordered these for my husband who did not want or need all the different colors for a tracking chart they use at his job. He's very fond of these because of the clip which enables him to place them in his shirt. What would make it better? Make it like a ballpoint pen with a &#34;click&#34; top! Sharpie is still the best - even with the odor which some of the colors have (but has gotten better over the years). Nothing beats a Sharpie.I prefer this size and shape of highlighters to the fat ones. They are easier to store and to use.will buy more!!good for musiciansIt's a binder. It has all the standard binder features, it feels nice to the touch and is easy to keep a hold of, and it's holding up pretty well so far.Update: after one and a half semesters (7 months of daily use), the plastic on one of the edges broke open, and the folder will have to be replaced. Not too bad but I expected more, so one star off.This binder is just right for such tasks as starting a collection of recipes, gathering material for a presentation, etc.I needed a small binder for some workbooks.  This solved the problem.  Very durable and good quality.  Just what I needed.Nothing fancy. I purchased 5 of them to use as syllabus/assignment holders for my college classes. Luckily I have online courses, I couldn't imagine taking these things out. Very flimsy. Probably wouldn't purchase again. These things are worth .99 at the most.Truly too fragile for my use. At this price I would say it is not worth it. Besides I found a much sturdier binder on another website and each one cost less than this one. Similar to what Amazon charges 15 bucks for I bought 2, 3 ring binders at 14.99 from somewhere else and they were the same quality as the one selling for 14 to 15 bucks for one.These binders perfectly filled my need. You can't buy this size and "center open" design anywhere anymore. They are very well built & exactly what I was wanting!Just what the kids needed for school. It arrived in new condition and was just what I wanted.KenWebmasterAbout Facts NetThe rings crush easily on this.  I bought it because my son needed a two inch three ring binder for sixth grade.  He's not particularly tough on his school supplies, but this survived less than one month.I use it to organize files, and paperwork. It is easy to click and pull together.  I have had it for years and it still work wonderfully.I love these file folders. The quality is sufficient. The product is exactly what I expected to receive. I like five-tab folders (like these) better than three-tab folders because I find them easier to use &#8211; I think it&#8217;s easier to see all your files at once with five tabs. Also, I used to have some plastic-y file folders instead of these, but they took up more room in the file cabinet. For a minimalist like me who likes saving space, these are better.Note: The green is a bright emerald green. When I say bright, I mean bright. As in, a not-found-in-nature bright/true green. Since I like the color green, this was totally fine by me. However, if you prefer yellow-greens or muted greens, then you may not like this color.4 stars because the folders fit into my sentry safe, are made of strong material, and you get 25 folders.I didn't give 5 stars because personally I feel its highly priced. Then again not giving 5 stars should not detour anyone from buying this product. It did its job.I'm not a big fan of the color black, although I live in a city where it's the default color for all seasons, but Pendaflex black hanging file folders work better than any other color, because they don't show dirt and wear. I've tried an assortment of colors, from office green to yellow, blue and red. The old-fashioned green ones wear out the fastest and the crumbling paper product triggers coughing. Yellow shows every smudge and fingerprint. Red and blue aren't far behind, and don't always go with the colors of my interior file folders - I usually color-code my files with the interior ones. Along comes the black hanging file folder, and it doesn't show dirt, it's sturdier than the standard office type, and it goes with every color of interior folder. If you don't much care what your files look like as long as they're orderly, fine, but I have a home office and it matters to me to have a pleasing aesthetic in place. I don't want my home to look like a cubicle monkey's space. I recommend these highly, and just wish they also made box-bottom hanging files in black.I'm also a Breast Cancer Survivor and my files that i keep that are related to what happened to me are put in the pink folders, makes them stand out when i need to check something for reference.  Sturdy as is most Pendalfex brand products and then its my favorite color so you can choose it for being pink if its your favorite color, not only because I'm a survivor.Found the folders to be adequate in implementing the pendaflex filing system system for our personal papers. These folders fit the frames and have board strength strong enough to give good rigidity. They metal ribs also fit the frames and slide easily. Will buy more of these folders as we need them.Very well made with reinforced bottom. I got these and a box of 1" capacity. I have used high capacity hanging folders for years. I'm mostly using these to replace Pendaflex High Capacity folders that are 25 years old. They make filing and retrieval of documents so much easier than when using overstuffed regular folders.For thick files or books, pamphlets, etc.  Too bad the colored ones were more expensive.  My file drawers are open and the green is very blah.While moderate weight, these are an economical solution to your filing issues. I mix the wide with traditional to meet my filing needs.  So convenient, good price and free shipping with Prime.  I now buy all my office supplies on AmazonGreat separators of miscellaneous files. . . However, again I wish they were in a variety of colors, and also, if I may,I wish they held up a little better. . However, they still come in handy for me in my filing system.Renee EversJust bought a filing cabinet, so needed these.  Purchased 50 standards, 25 of the 2&#34;, and 25 of the 3&#34;. The boxes the folders were in were slightly damaged.  Some denting, even one or two tears / holes.  Nothing inside was damaged.  So these were exactly what I needed and expected when I ordered them, and a good price.this was a deal ... about half the price of picking it up local and great quality folders that do the job rightGreat to use for my office files, I can always find the client files, no issue what so ever, its strong enough to keep the files safe, thick enough to keep the files separated from each other.Works great.  Nothing fancy.I really need to get something to organize all my office papers, and these work great.These are great folders for the price.  Ive used them before and will most likely use them in the future.  Computers are great but its always good to have back up.Qualtity is correct and the paper is very sturdy, these should overcome the perils of life and come out on top.I used it to get my personal bills, records in order. Easy to use and very well made quality stock and product. It is but also flexible, sturdy, strong folder. They did not skim on the quality and made it flimsy and so light.No much not to like.  Product is exactly as promised with one great bonus.  Reinforced tabs.  Didn't realize how much easier they would make thumbing through a file cabinet (these tabs do not bend), and when I put them in my bookbag I can already tell they will hold up much better.  Great product!I guess it is hard to work up great enthusiasm about file folders.  Essentially, they are are all much the same.  In the past the only issue I have ever had with folders would be when the weight of the stock was inadequate.  These particular folders are of average weight and are quite adequate.  The selling feature for me is the reinforced tab feature.  Tabs have a tendency to get folded, creased, and torn--I hate when that happens.  The reinforced tabs hold up extremely well!We use manila folders all the time. This was not an item I was particularly looking forward to reviewing. After all how different could they be than the St*pl*s generic brand we always ordered. But there I was needing some manila folders so I figured what the heck. Well I was pleasently suprised. It turns out with a little engineering and manufacturing know how Smead has really improved manilla folders. These are reinforced at the top which mean the tabs wont bend and break off like standard folders after continued use. So if you find yourself frequently searching and using manila folders this is the one to get. These are higher quality and better thought out than just about any other file folder I've ever used. An odd thing to say I admit, but these are definitely built to last. They come with 1/3 left, center and right aligned tabs.The very reinforced tab of these file folders ensures that they will probably outlast any project you have. As an avid recycler it has often perturbed me to have the tabs of folders wear out long before the folder portion.These little gems will last 3 times as long as regular folders even with daily use. A wise investment for any frugal person like myself.Well maybe more than one box as there are only 100 File Folders in the box and if you are like me they go fast.The reinforced tabs are a necessity in intense filing and refilling.  But an added plus is the peace of mind knowing that the folders contain 10% post-consumer material.Just keep in mind that you will probably need more than one box of folders.The physical quality of paper material is similar to other manila folders. The 2-ply tab is a nice touch, and more durable in case you decide to stick a label on it.There's at least a 10% Recycled content and Certified Fiber Sourcing. The product is Made in the USA. Price on Amazon is a good deal(around twenty bucks as of this review) for 100 manila folders. If you need Manila folders, can't go wrong with this.These folders are great quality -- extremely durable. They are easy to stack together and are quite slim despite their durability. Really great to organize scattered pieces of paper, especially because of the reinforced tab/material the folder is made out of.Don't get me wrong, these are perfectly good file folders.  It's just that I expected a little more out of the tabs, given that there's an emphasis on them in the marketing of the product.I'm a person who doesn't believe in needlessly cutting down trees, so I re-use my file folders, sometimes for years. (I literally have some that date back to the era of the Reagan administration.  Had planned on swapping out my old folders with these new, industrial strength ones, but...Honestly, the tabs are really not that much stronger than standard tagboard.  Also, the material these are made from isn't even as strong as some other folders I've bought from the local discount office supply chain.If the price is right, go ahead and buy them - 100 per box is a decent deal.  But just don't expect that the tabs on these are going to be particularly superior.While I do use file folders in filing cabinets I also use them extensively in an open type briefcase in my vehicle while traveling. I have found that the tabs tend to bend or become creased when placed in a briefcase and frequently removed in a not always too gentle manner. I travel all night and have occasion to pull the files out of the case and don't always manage to cleanly remove or replace them when finished. They typically get stuffed into the holder until the next need arises. Since I seem to manage to remove them by the tab I have experienced my share of "tab failure" and the resultant need for new file folders.I have tried these folders for 2-3 weeks now and they are holding up to the frequent wear and tear I demand of them and I have not had one tab bend or become creased. The folder does feel a bit flimsy but the tab is reinforced completely along the top of the folder and seems to be performing as advertised. Smead use to make a similar folder that felt much heavier and the tabs were much better reinforced (No. 2-152 C) but this product seems to be adequate for most jobs and I suspect will be just fine for filing cabinet work as well as the stress put on it in briefcases, etc. If you watch various ads you can get a decent discount which makes them so much the better for general use.Like some other reviewers, I never put too much thought in choosing Manila Folders, other than seeing which packet was cheaper and choose that.  Once in a while I might choose straight-edged or tabbed-edged depending on the office I was working in.However, once I received these I was quite impressed.  These reinforced tabs do make a difference!  Not only are they more substantial and seem to stand up to wear, they also make the actual job of finding and extracting a file that much more enjoyable.  Filing = enjoyable? Well, not quite.  But the reinforced folded over edges are much easier on the tips of my fingers and my number of paper cuts has decreased immensely.In sum, buy these for less papercuts.Smead file folders have been used by me in my working office and home office for as far back as I can remember. They are always a quality product. Using them in your home office will be ideal since there is a mixture of 1/3 tabs in the box so you can set them up to view easily.The tabs are strong and they are always easy to label when you get the labels to run off in your computer. What this is as always, a great way to stay organized.You don't even need to unbox these Smead manila file folders to know that you've got a quality product.  The fact that the shipping box will weight a ton is the first giveaway.  Taking a closer look at the folders themselves, you can feel how sturdy the materials are - not just the reinforced tabs, but the entire folder.  They can hold a lot of papers without buckling or tearing and the tabs will withstand a lot of "thumbing" with no dog-eared wear.  Mix in the reasonble price, and there's no reason to shop around for your next box of manila folders - these are the clear winners.I never once thought to myself, "hey, you know what this manila folder needs?" It's like pencils. Who cares. Well, I was wrong. These re-designed manila folders have reinforced tabs not only on the tab, but all across the top. No big-whoop, some might say. But after taking a look at the folders I use the most, I noticed the tabs are all bent at some place along this top ridge. Suddenly I became annoyed with them. Again, something I never considered. After filing a few of these, I've also noticed that the reinforced tabbing saves you about a bit of time (which add up if you're doing heavy filing) when you have these crowded up against each other; The other ones, you often end up swiping the wrong tab open when you need to put something in the folder. Now, I just lightly press my finger in the middle of the tab I need and the one right in front of it, and it opens right up. Voila. Simple improvements that save me a bit of time always make me smile.These manila folders are 1/3 cut meaning that there are three different tabs in the box of 100 (while this doesn't come out evenly, I have yet to discover the odd folder). The tabs are reinforced and the folders are made of quality stock. The folders will do a fine job in any office and at home too.As one of those people who "thumb through" my folders, I like the reinforcement along the top 1" edge of these folders. It keeps the folders standing up straight, for better visibility.But these folders....I've never seen such a mess.  I thought I was imagining things when I noticed they weren't sitting uniformly in my folders.  Now that I take them all out and look at them from several angles, I see that these folders are not all the same height! In fact, only one third of them are all the same height. The rest are within a 1/4 inch of each other up or town.Two folders are very roughly cut, which might indicate the "cutter" was off on the assembly line.  Or they haven't gotten all the kinks worked out for this product.As it is, I've wasted a sheet of labels and must re-start a tedious job.  I will give away these folders, as they are unusable for my purposes.Even if they hadn't been defective, I was shocked by how flimsy the paper is.The Smead file folders with the reinforced tab are just okay.The pro of the reinforced tab is that it holds up better in the drawer and/or with use.The con is that the reinforcement is created with an extra folded down section along the top of one side of the folder and this "fold-over" effect is not securely held down with adhesive on every file folder.  This means that your papers can get snagged or caught under that fold and may crumple or rip if you don't pull them out carefully.  Since I only have one box I don't know if this problem is batch specific or an issue with the folders overall.So if you just need some folders to hold papers and you don't have any issue with them sometimes getting a little bent as they come out, they're fine but I'd rather have a box of folders where I don't have to worry about whether or not my papers are going to get caught coming out of the folder.The Smead File Folders reviews here are known specifically as "Letter Size, Reinforced Tab, 11 Point, 1/3 Cut Tab, Manila, 100 Per Box."  These work as advertised, pretty much as any manila folder would.I give this particular folder a bit of extra credit since they include folders with the top tab in the left, right, and middle of the folder.  They also include reinforcement (another layer of material) in the tab area - which apparently is useful for those pulling these folders in and out of a filing cabinet constantly.  Now in my case, I use manila folders to carry my papers around at work (great for organization) and my kids use them to carry homework back and forth to school; for these uses I'd much prefer some reinforcement in the bottom / crease of the folder, since this is invariably where the manila folders we use fall apart first.In any event, if the price is right this is a good choice for a manila folder.These appear like standard manila file folders at first glance, though upon closer inspection you find the top portion of the back of the folder is reinforced with an extra layer. This means that if you are putting a lot of wear on the tabs of your files these will last much longer. Smead has done a good job with devising ways to make file folders more durable and user friendly, and this type of folder is one of the valuable enhanced folder styles they offer.I use a lot of tab folders , at home and at work. This Smead product was a nicely constraucted alternative to what is already out there. The reinforced tab assures that it will hold up to frequent "thumb-abuse" and they appear as they will last a long time. Very happy with this producttThese are a good choice for file folders which might get handled a lot. The reinforced tabs make them tougher than the usual plain folders. The only downside is that they are not great for turning inside-out for re-use if that is something you often do.the reinforced tabs on these folders make them extra strong.  These are highly recommended if you file documents regularly (over the standard type).These are a MUST for busy , overstuffed filing cabinets (like ours!) The folders themselves are laid out the same (with the indented tabs, 1/3 on the left 1/3 in the middle and 1/3 on the right) What is different is that these?They are a bit thicker than normal ones, but what is awesome is the reinforced tabs! These are double the thickness of the folder and just do not tear no matter how many times the folders get pulled out!Do you know when you overfill your cabinet? What happens all the tabs slap the cabinet like a card in a bicycle spoke.. these tabs can take a beating! These folders Definitely worth every penny!I have several filing cabinets, all full! Lots of file folders have come and gone through the years. These are very good ones.The area that extends up at the top of the file for labeling can get a lot of wear and tear as you open and close the drawer and go through files looking to the one you need. These folders have plenty of reinforcement there, to really do the job.The fold lines that allow the file to be neatly thickened at the fold are excellent. My files are about to be improved! I like folders that last and last. If the folder is still good-looking when I'm done with that file, I can put a new label on the top and use it for another round.These are a good price for a good product. Recommended!Many people have little preference about manila file folders. I'm of the opinion, that it is worth spending a little more so they are of good quality and last. The Smead folders fall into the good quality catagory. If you look at your files, the ones with the bent tabs, don't have reenforcement on the top. This style from Smead has a reenforcement across the entire top. They have a nice feel to them and according to the product info "Contains 10% post-consumer material. SFI Fiber-Sourcing Certified".  As one would expect, they have the places to help you fold them across the bottom. All in all, these have everything I would want in a manila letter sized folder.As an English instructor who is on quite a few work committees, I go through quite a few file folders each month.  These Smead ones have a reinforced tab that makes them extra sturdy, especially when you're tossing them into a full bag or file cabinet.  They feel secure; have a nice, wide tab; and are easy to use.  Good product!I received my Smead file folders free from the Amazon Vine program, in exchange for writing a review.We have file folders that are decades old, taped and torn, and some that are turned inside out to re-use them. some of ours are even fuzzy from years of friction on the paper.  I was looking forward to getting these folders so I can tidy up our filing cabinet.I was pleasantly surprised at the weight and stiffness of these folders when I got them, because so many paper items feel recycled and flimsy these days.  They are standard 8.5" x 11" manila folders with three different tab notches along the tops, with one big difference.  The top 1 inch of the folder and the tab are reinforced with a second layer of manila paper.  This makes the top of the folder last longer, stand up better, and makes for easier thumbing through to find the one you're looking for.  I would definitely look for these folders again based on the quality.  But with 100 folders in the box, it will be a long time before we'll need more.  It would be nice to find these folders with tabs in five places, instead of three, but for our home filing needs these will work perfectly.One small criticism is the thin, flimsy box they come packed in.  It feels like it would rip and collapse, allowing the unused folders to get bent or dirty.  I plan to reinforce the box with packing tape to make sure that doesn't happen.These are well-made, no-nonsense file folders.  The tabs are reinforced so that they won't curl or rip.  All file folders should be made like this.... Economical, too!  These are really excellent, high-quality file folders.  I've been able to reuse mine a couple of times by using movable-adhesive labels.  The tabs are reinforced, which means they don't tear as easily.  The neutral manila color works with any decor, but these are also offered in a variety of colors.  I use different color labels to signify different categories.  Works great!There are certain products that we take for granted and file folders are one of them. When I got this box, I thought I'll never use all 100 of them. But then when I looked at just how many I currently use, I was surprised. I had RPG materials, Landscaping and Gardening notes, Recipes, Bills & Receipts and Legal Documents. Hmm, 100 may not be enough.These are better made than most of my old ones; thicker paper, reinforced tabs and expand out to 3/4 of an inch. If you use folders in your home of at the office, you can't go wrong with these.Not only are the tabs on these folders reinforced but the  folder itself seems to be a bit thicker than the cheap office store brand files I have been buying.  The box of these Smead folders was noticeably heavier than a box of the generic ones(both 100 count) and that can't all be from the double thick tabs.  So if your files get a lot of use and often break down before you're done with them, these Smead Reinforced folders would be worth spend a little more on.  One thing to note, the tabs on these have square corners, not rounded.  They do not match with the other folders I have and only time will tell if those square corners will show wear more than a rounded corner despite being double thickness.These are perfectly adequate file folders, but they are not made of particularly heavy stock, and I don't like the tab design, which is a double layer of paper.I would steer you towards the Smead SuperTab Heavyweight Folders, 14 Point, Letter Size, which I thought were excellent.I am a nurse and I work in an office.  Believe me, flipping through folders is something I do several times a day, looking for a care plan or form that has to be filled out for patient records.  It's true that the tabs on standard manila folders start to wear out, and eventually fall off completely, after use.These Smead reinforced tab folders are simply standard sized manila folders, with double the material in the tab area, so the tabs stay strong and more resistant to long-term use.  Why is it important?  Anyone who works in a busy office knows that time  is short, and there  is never enough time to re-do the work you have already done, like re-label old folders, etc.  So overall, the reinforced tab folders are worth the minimal investment increase over standard file folders.I'll be spending my weekend reorganizing a file cabinet, and replacing old worn-out folders with these reinforced tab file folders.  Hopefully it will be the last time I have to do that now!I have used about a fourth of my box of Smead folders and have found them to be quite good. The reinforced top keeps the tab from being easily bent over or distorted and makes it easy to find the folder when I need to in the cabinet. The surface allows for my folder labels to adhere well and I can write on them with both pen and pencil. Some other folders are hard to write on due to their waxy surface finish. I like these because I can add notes to them easily.I would have given them five stars, but the packaging is too fragile. I had to tape up the box to keep it from disintegrating at the corners.What does one say about file folders?  They hold papers.Seriously, I have no complaints with these.  They hold my papers just fine.  They aren't flimsy.  The tabs are consistently cut.  They do the job!Excellent, Smead file folders - letter size, 1/3 cut tab, 100 per box: what a great product!  A standard, reinforced tab folder: plenty of room for writing info on the tab (and it's thick and reinforced - very nice)...these are highly recommended for filing, carrying papers, etc.  There are certain office products that you get used to, and then never want to do without again, and for me, good, solid 1/3 cut tab file folders are one of those products: always handy to have around, always can find a hundred uses for them...would definitely recommend a box of these!The reinforced tabs on these file folders are just enough stronger that I expect them to last longer than the ones I normally use.  Can't say for sure that they will, but it seems logical to expect it.I've used these Smead File Folders for my home office filing. They seem to be quite durable and are a perfect fit for my filing cabinet. This box comes with 100 folders which means I have more than enough folders to keep track of bills and expenses. The 1/3 cut tabs offer the ability to stagger the folders making them easy to sort through in the filing cabinet. I like that they have a reinforced tab which helps when you have to constantly thumb through the files in the filing cabinet, a lot of my older files were looking quite worn, but these seem like they are sturdy enough to hold up to repeated use. These folders are pretty basic, but they definitely get the job done. I've been pleased.These are pretty much your average file folder, although the expansion feature is nice.  The reinforced tab means they are somewhat more sturdy with respect to the tab folding over, but not much---enough use and pressure will cause these tabs to fold, as well.  But what difference does it make, the tabs can always be righted again!  I would not find this folder worth a premium price (and I prefer the five-tab vs three-tab variety).  The reinforced tab also makes it difficult to turn the folder inside-out for reuse, which I commonly do as a cost-saving and recycling measure.These are really high quality folders with stronger than normal construction. The paper is really thick, and feels sturdy, and still smooth. Even the initial expression, when you hold the weight of the carton says it's high quality.My only gripe is the three different tab locations. I wish it were more. However for what it's supposed to do, these folders are more than adequate.These Smead File Folders are really good office products that can be used for creating homeschool lapbooks. They are sturdier than construction paper and can be easily filed away into it's educational category. I like that it has post-consumer material used. A variety of colors like pastels would be nice instead of the standard Manila color. A good product, good purchase and since there are 100 folders in here, it should last a long time!I looked at these and thought, what possible difference could these folders have from any other file folder? It's definitely the reinforced tabs. These tabs make the folders more durable because you're always grabbing them by the top edge and opening them by the tab. Not only are they more durable, but they even open more quickly and easily with this one little addition. Amazon not only has them at a great price, but they'll deliver them right to your door-- free delivery if you have a Prime membership. We love these folders and will definitely order more when it is time to re-stock.When you need to use file folders then the only thing to decide is if they work or they don't work. I've never met a file folder that doesn't work, and I can't imagine not giving 5 stars for something that does exactly what it is designed for. So as I say in my heading: no complaints.Manilla folders. Nicely colored. Well cut. They'll blend in well with the crowd.But look closely, and you'll see the tabs are reinforced. Tabs do tend to bend on folders you carry around or shuffle a lot, and the reinforcement will inhibit bending. So it's really a question of how much bent tabs get your back up. If you're crease intolerant these folders may get you endorphins flowing. If you don't even notice the creases you might as well stick with the folders you are currently using.These file folders are just like any other file folder but with an attractive difference -- the tabs are reinforced so that they do not bend or otherwise collapse under use. I have put them to use in my own filing system so that I can take advantage of the reinforced tabs.I will recommend these to my friends and colleagues as an improvement over the usual file folders found in the stores.The bells and whistles of this folder are that they have fasteners on each side, so you can store documents with papers that are louse in the folder.  They are high quality, nice selection of colors, and good for permanent archiving.They appear a bit pricier, but look like they will last.These file folders are colorful and well designed.  They have folding metal fasteners on both sides and they have organizing tabs on them (top, center, bottom).  They come in three colors.  All in all, these are really nice, except for one thing: the card stock is light weight. The tab-edge is reinforced (2-ply), so you can use it reliably.I plan on using these for organizing data and some reports.  If you plan on using these, you WILL need a two-hole punch, or some means of consistently punching holes in the tops of the papers.I Received this product as part of the Amazon Vine Program.This folders are great folder for office or home use.They are colorful and not too thin but not to thickeither. Don't over load them.The fastener are sturdy and I like the 1/3 reinforced tabrather than the 1/5.I have bought different type of folder and always like smead better.I know that paper folders are on their way out since most records are digital.  However, if you still have a need to keep paper records, then I recommend the 2 fastener folds.  These are like the ones your doctor used to use for your medical chart albeit these are nicer colors.  There is an organizational benefit to flipping pages as opposed to turning them *if* you are printing on one side only.  The assorted colors also help with color coding your files. IF you plan on using this type of system regularly, try purchasing one of these as well:Swingline Comfort Handle 2 Hole Paper Punch (A7074050D)I am self-employed and use file folders to store both business records and personal files. I am generally organizationally challenged and have found that I do a much better job of keeping a file together when the papers are physically attached to the folder. These folders, which have two-hole metal fasteners at the tops of both sides, are great for organizing papers and for making sure that, once organized, everything stays where it belongs.As far as quality goes, I was very pleased with the strength of the metal fasteners on these folders, but found the overall weight of the folders to be a little bit lighter than I'd expected. While fine for my own personal use, I'd suggest that office users may want to look for something a bit sturdier.I especially like the large, reinforced tabs on this product.  This makes the folder much sturdier since that is the part of folders that usually gets the most damage.  Each of the inner sides has its own fastener which is very handy in organizing paperwork.  The assorted colors add an additional help in organization, not to mention that the colors look more attractive.  I highly recommend this product.  I am using the folders in my classroom where they are handled frequently; they are not collecting dust in a file cabinet. The folders are holding up very well with this classroom application so they would work well in the home or office also.I think these folders are well-suited for household use, home office etc. The bright colors make filing by category easy and I like the 1/3 cut tabs for labels.  Pluses would be the bright color, wide tabs, and they are made in America.  What I see as the downfall was mentioned by another reviewer, they are too thin.  If you use the top punch method for filing, you can't get much in these folders without fear of the folder tearing under the weight of the paper.  I think the thickness would be appropriate if you are not using the top fasteners and just slipping things in loosely--and that would mean the folders would be less expensive because you don't need the fancy fasteners.  I will use them but I think they could have done better with the paper quality.I like this product a lot.  The folders don't cut my fingers when I pull one out - and at my office that makes this a big plus.  However, they are heavier than other Smead folders, and given the volume of paper at the office, the extra weight mades a difference.  I carry folders with 8-13 of these in each and it adds up.  That is the only reason that I didn't give it 5 stars.  With that being said, using these for files that really need to stay in one place and not get messed up may make perfect sense.  I will try that next.  But for most of my files, the ability to pull out papers quickly and easily makes this product pretty impractical.These fastener folders are nifty for keeping paperwork protected -- and from getting lost!In my files, some things are in folders because they need to be handy, while other things are there because I need to keep them ... and not lose them or have them slip out. These folders have fasteners on both the front and back flaps, enabling you to make your paperwork stay.Example: I serve on board that distributes a financial statement at its meetings. Those papers are strictly confidential, so a two-hole punch enables them to stay put in my folder so they won't fall out or get mixed with other papers.This feature is not necessary for all your folder needs, just the instances in which you need to keep paperwork more secure. A very good idea.These folders seem reasonably sturdy and look like they'll hold up. Our file folders are used for years, sometimes decades, and other brands have fallen apart when the adhesive under the fold breaks down. Won't know for years if these will pass that test, but they seem solid enough. My only complaint, very minor, is that the tabs have pointed-corner edges, which might get ragged with multiple handlings. I've always prfereed rounded-corner tab edges.One of my first managers had a 2 hole punch and a box of wire clips on her desk and whenever we went into a meeting, she would flip through her notes - fastened in a file folder with the clips - without losing a single sheet of paper. Her level of organization was remarkable and all these years later, I still envy her talent in that area. I asked the secretary to order me a set of clips and a 2 hole punch and for a while (at least while I working there) I was also pretty organized and never lost an important memo or other floating piece of paper. When I left, it became a gift my co-worker Kenny.At my next company, I was trained in and became addicted to the Franklin Planner system (they makers of the FP system HATE floating pieces of paper). That system worked well for me too and over the years, I forgot about the "clips that keep the paper in the folder" system. When I saw that you could buy a folder with clips already inside from Amazon, it like a was a trip down memory lane. I decided to give them another try to keep my work organized.Upon inspection, I can say that the folders are of good quality. The clips are fastened properly. The 1/3rd cut works in a file cabinet and the choice of colors (red for X, green for Y, etc.) will help with organization if you decide that is how you want to use them.You will need a hole punch to effectively use these folders - they make ones with the proper separation and I think using these only make sense if you have one handy.Need to file paper? Try this system. Prevents floating pieces of paper falling out and the dreaded lost pages.I have tons of files with tons of papers in those files due to my fetish with researching any and all kind of subjects. Up until now, I had been stapling or placing clips on the papers to keep certain categories within particular subjects in order. Because of this, I had to continuously un-staple and re-staple sets of papers, in addition to having to deal with paper clips snagging on each other when removing those sets of papers.With these folders, the problem is gone. I had to purchase a two-hole puncher (since re-adjusting 3-hole punchers all the time proved to be tiring), but the savings in time alone makes this product well worth the purchase price. The files are thin (a good thing, in my case)enough to prevent adding too much bulk to my folder, but the tabs are thick enough to handle the constant finger-shuffling when searching through papers. The fasteners are durable to keep all your papers secure in the folder, and there's two fasteners on each side; something that's pointed out in the description, but that I somehow glanced over, so this came as a bonus surprise to me.I'm not a fan of the multi-colors, since the limited amount per color won't allow me to categorize all my subjects with specific colors designated to each subject, but I knew this going in by the pic on the site and not everyone will share my enthusiasm for plain, tan-colored filing folders, so I didn't dock a star for it.All-in-all, this is a great solution to my former filing problem and the price on here (as if it even needs to be said) is unbeatable, and with 50 folders per box (for this listing), I have plenty to organize my papers with. It's serves a niche purpose that I've come to appreciate. Great product. Highly recommended.One reviewer spoke of organizational overkill. I can understand the sentiment. This is not a product I would have normally considered ordering. But as I was able to obtain a sample for review, curiosity won out and I admit I was quite surprised at the quality and potential utility of these folders.As has been noted in other reviews, they are very sturdy and the fasteners give you the ability to micro-organize the contents of the folder, whether you are doing taxes or some other type of organizing. I do a lot of research; being able to subdivide the contents of a folder, or to add note cards or other scribbled notes to a folder full of printed material, is quite handy; you won't have to dig through a bunch of disorganized papers to find what you want.While clearly not something everybody needs, I can see many uses for these fastener folders and I do recommend them on those grounds as well as based on their sturdiness.Pretty soon we'll all start to see income tax paperwork arriving in the mail.  Early in December I try to set aside a special place to start accumulating all the income tax "stuff" that will start to arrive as holiday clean-up begins.  These folders will be easy to see/easy to find--and an easy reminder to stay organized!  I hate wasting precious hours at "income tax time" looking for a document that came in the mail and got misplaced in the year-end hussle and bustle.I wouldn't use these folders for heavy-duty work or constant handling.  But I think they'll work fine for organizing paperwork to be stored.  The paper they are made of is not heavy-weight, hence the need for the reinforced tab that extends all the way across the top.  Please don't misunderstand me:  While they are not heavy-weight, they are not flimsy either, and the reinforced tab helps give them stability.  It's a good thing to try to use the lightest-weight possible for the job at hand--and save some trees!The colors are accurately shown in the picture.  They are pleasing colors, too.  Why not add some color to dreary filing tasks?These folders are made in the U.S.A.These folders are fine, they're strong, colorful, etc. But what I didn't know (but wondered about) when I requested them from the Vine program was that in order to use them efficiently you really need a 2-hole punch--and I might just order one (I saw one on Amazon for under $10) because I think the folders will come in handy. I'm a writer and a lot of times I file a printed hard copy of an article or chapters of a book and it would certainly be nice to have them bound into one of these folders. I tried to use my 3-hole punch, and I was able to make it work, but it took some experimenting (and you end up with a middle hole that you don't need) to get the placement right. And then, of course, then you want to return to 3-hole punching, you have to re-set the punches (not a hassle if you remember to mark where they go--but I didn't).Anyway, I won't gush about this product, it's a folder. But if I had a 2-hole punch already, I'd probably have used them all up by now. Maybe someone will offer the punch via the Vine program--and wouldn't that be nice :)The colors are great and the fasteners are fine.... but the actual folder is a little on the thin side and is a bit flimsy.  I needed to alter what I was going to use them for because they do not appear to stand up well to a lot of use.How often do checklists, memos and receipts get buried in a fat file?  Do you maintain client or student files with mandatory required documents?  Can you tell at a glance what's contained in a file without pawing through it? It those questions started you thinking, these folders are for you.  They're wonderful, and make it possible to attach a table of contents or checklist to the front cover, making the contents quickly accessible.  The colors are bright and actually pretty, and the folders are sturdy enough without being bulky.Once again, Smead provides an invaluable paper product.The Smead Fastener Folders come in easily discernible, assorted colors, and with two sets of fasteners.  They're the kind of file folders that are an easy choice if you're not exactly sure how you're going to use them, or exactly what size fasteners you need, because these cover all the bases.  The fastener hardware seems plenty study to stand up to repeated bendings and the paperboard folders are also sturdy.  It would be nice if the manufacturer could do a little better in the percentage of post-consumer waste that's used in these, but that's a minor quibble, especially considering that there are probably some competitors out there that are shipped thousands of miles across the Pacific Ocean.  These decidedly are not:  they're U.S. made, and an ideal all-purpose file folder.For a pack of fifty it seems to be a good value overall. However, the folders are very thin and will not stand up to muchheavy use or being overfilled. Also, you will need to buy a two hole punch to get any use out of these folders. I ended updonating them to my daughter's school in the hope they could better utilize them.I'll admit to being an office supply nerd--love office supplies of all kinds. So it's no surprise that these fulfilled my wishes perfectly. They are sturdy, colorful, and get the job done. Having the metal fasteners makes for a tidy file drawer, and the color assortment means COLOR-CODING! Yay! Who doesn't love color coding?The folders are made in USA and they have minimum 10% post-consumer recycled content. They come in brightly colored yellow, red. green and blue. Having different colors makes organization easier as opposed to looking through a pile of manilla folders, you can categorize what you are filing. These may be useful for business professionals, lawyers, and students. There are 50 folders in the box.Organizational overkill?  I've been resisiting the impulse for awhile to invest in some of these folders.  I've seen them used in legal offices and they do what they were invented for - keeping papers organized and in order within individual files.  Kind of like a computer file folder tree - although actually paper did come first, I hear...I'm not ready to go entirely paperless at home so yes, these are turning out to be pretty useful.  They feel just a bit more substantial than your standard beigy-yellow file folder, being reinforced at the long edge all the way down the side that has the labeling tab.  The choice of !NEON! colors will be either distracting or useful, depending on your organizational needs.I'm not going to invest in a dedicated two hole punch, as I have several adjustable three-holes.  For light/home use, or for cheapos like me, the trick with the 3 holes (which tend not to have pre-set marks for 2 hole use) is to set the pegs on your punch a bit off center.  Your mileage may vary depending on your punch, but I set my left side peg out to the 2 5/8" mark (which is actually closer to 2 6/8" with paper flush left), the center peg 2 7/8" to the right of that, and the pin that won't be used goes all the way to the right.  Thus, pages punched are a bit offset, such that if bound on the right side of the folder, they won't as easily get "caught" or bent on the left side when the folder is shut.  Of course, this handy flavor of Smead Fastener Folders has a right side AND a left side set of prongs, so if I'm punching a sheet for insertion of the left side of the folder, I punch with the paper turned on its back side, so it will (back on its face) be offset just a bit again away from the center.And that explanation is likely more obsessive-compulsive than anyone requires, but I'm just saying.  And yes, papers you might actually need to find on short notice really do have a way of staying more reliably put when you (literally) pin them down.These are great folders, but they're probably best suited for relatively light household use.The box contains four very bright colors of folders, which are 1/3 cut, allowing plenty of room for labels.  There are two clips per folder (i.e., one on each flap), so they can hold quite a bit of material.However, as others have mentioned, they aren't heavy-duty office-type folders.  The fairly thin material means that if you put a large number of pages in the clips and flipped through them--which is exactly what top-punch clips are designed to allow you to do--you'd risk bending or tearing the folder.It comes down to judging your needs.  If you'll be using the folders heavily, this isn't the product for you.  However, if you're a home office user, these are really nice, attractive, useful folders.I love the colors, nice, thick and sturdy, the prongs are great, make fastening documents very easy.  We use them at home and at the office for all our filing needs, would definitely buy them again.  Everything you need in a good folder, you can't go wrong with these!How much can you say about a file folder?  These folders are holding up well for me.  I like having the options the fasteners give to me.  I like the 1/3 cut tabs because I write big and use too many words a lot of times.  And, I like the bright colors.  They help me find the material I am looking for more quickly.These were just what I needed. I am finally organizing my office and having different colored folders for different topics is great. I just need to order more! LOLI like to keep my bills nice and organized and use fasteners to do this with.  Normally I buy plain file folders, the fasteners and tape them in to make sure they don't fall out.  With this product I don't have to do that anymore.  The nice thing about it is that I can either use one folder for two bills (electric company and phone bill) or simply have more space for my bills.The construction of the folder is very sturdy so these guys aren't going to begin tearing on you.  The tabs are reinforced and the fasteners are in there nice and tight.  Yes, you can save some money doing it the way I've done it in the past but you save yourself the headache and time by purchasing these.Well worth the money!If you're a big ole NERD like me and can't keep yourself from printing out amazing articles and essays for inspiration and reference, then you know how fast those papers can pile up. Digital is okay, but nothing beats the concentration involved in highlighting important passages and making your own notes by hand. When you have a veritable case full of papers though, it becomes a problem until you get a system like this - until you stop being in denial long enough to order yourself a proper file cabinet. I like the two hole prongs on top of the paper so it is easily accessible for margin notes on either side, though I've most commonly seen these at the doctor's office. The great vibrant colors will also perk up your work area, be it home or away! A great and sturdy buy.I use a LOT of file folders on the job, so I have become somewhat of an file folder aficionado.  :-)Pros:- Wire Fastener are well made/sturdy- Tabs at top of folder are reinforced (paper is doubled over and glued down well)- Bright colors- 3 tab positions in every colorCons:- VERY thin folders!  I was expecting MUCH thicker material for the price.  These are on the thinner side of EVERY file folder I've used at different prices.- Thinness of folder makes the fasteners more prone to ripping the folder, especially if you flip the papers that are fastened up (i.e., if you're reading the BOTTOM page, the folder becomes very unstable, bends, or can rip)- Must use on a desk or table -- folder is so thin that you'll likely need to put it on a desk or table to flip through the fastened-on papers, because the folder isn't strong enough to be stable if you're standing up while reading the bottom few pages.  The whole folder can bend over or even rip the fastening clip off of the folder if you flip the paper up to read something.Overall, I was disappointed.  I have never, ever seen fastening-clip style folders like this made out of such a THIN material!  They would be perfectly fine for folders that are rarely used...though in my experience, people generally want fastening folders like this for HEAVILY used folders, or folders that are moved around a lot, read through while standing at the filing cabinet, etc...and these won't hold up to much use at all.  Why take the extra time to clip everything in place so carefully, if the folder is just going to rip on you?` These are fine for 'file and forget about it' files, but I think people generally aren't bothering to punch holes and clip documents in unless they intend to use that file quite a bit/carry it around with them.  These won't stand up to much of ANY use, let alone heavy abuse!They would be great if they'd only bothered to use a halfway decent, heavier weight paper/cardboard to make the folder out of.  Or at least they could have reinforced the cardboard around the area of the fastener (as they did on the tab).  Only order these if they're very inexpensive AND you only intend to put rarely used files in them.These are excellent folders.  Bright colors for easy distinction; strong fasteners; fasteners on right and left interior sides; pre-creased for clean folds; and light to mid weight stock.  These are great for ready access to stored documents. Although the fasteners are 2" long, it is recommended that a maximum of about 3/4 inch of files be placed in a folder.  The extra length gives you extra holding strength, not extra volume.  Each color comes with folders with raised tabs, 1/3 each at right, left, and middle.  These are extremely useful for storing and finding records that are not subject to heavy use.  The light to mid weight folders are excellent for that.  I would not however recommend them for filing documents that will be used often or for heavy use, since the folder material is simply not heavy enough for that type of usage.  For example, they would be fine for storage of wills, insurance contracts, home medical records, letters, etc.  For an attorney, they would be fine as light witness files, but would be inappropriate for heavy or often used case files.  As long as you know what you are going to use them for they work great.  They are not cheaply made, just made for particular types of use.  The quality is excellent.  The big plus side of this is that they do not add nearly the weight of pressboard folders, and they are much more economical.  Each box contains 50 assorted folders. That's a lot for the money.This is handy folders for keeping records accessible and in place.  I find they are useful for keeping invoices together in chronological order.  You will need a two-hole punch to prepare the papers if they are not pre-punched.  The tabs useful for staggering files.There are 50 folders in four colors; red, blue, green and yellow.Aside from using these to organize my paperwork and documents for tax time I am also using these to organize my sheet music. The folders are firm and the fasteners are sturdy. The folders also fit in a hanging folder in my filing cabinet and my portable file storage box. I also like these folders because they have fasteners on both sides of the folderallowing me to further separate my paperwork. If you are looking to organize any paperwork then I recommend these folders to make it much simpler.I have found these folders incredibly useful -- I tend to have a lot of odd-sized scraps of paper to keep organized, and the fasteners are an enormous improvement in security over plain manila folders. I like the cheerful colors which encourage me to be more organized than I might otherwise be. The only drawback is that I would wish the folders were a little sturdier; as it is (and given the odd-sized scraps I'm storing) I don't feel I can put more than 10-15 sheets in each folder before they get warped by the bulk and weight.Quality is not too great. Not that sturdy and stong. It feels kind of like regular paper. However, it still gets the job done.These folders have been so helpful in getting our paperwork at home straight. Tax forms, insurance statements, health records, etc. all are so much easier to handle when well organized. The folders fit easily into file cabinets and even some home safes. The two pronged metal holder at the top of each folder is well secured, which is something you won't find in many brands.  Why bother taking the time to organize and punch holes in all your paperwork if the prongs break or tear out of the folder?  Cheaper versions of this product can leave you with an even bigger mess than when you started.The stock material the folders are made out of is nice and heavy.  If you need to constantly access or transport a file, it's nice to not have to worry about immediate signs of wear and tear. This also makes these folders perfect for business travelers or medical offices.  The tabs are large, allowing for labels or other stickers. The edges are smoothed which helps prevent catching on other folders or papers when filing and also paper cuts. I happened to spill water on one folder, and thankfully since the stock was so thick I had enough time to save the papers inside. After drying, the folder was still useable (though it had water spots) with no real warping or pilling of the material.It might seem weird to get excited about an office product, but if you have to deal with them day in and day out, you really begin to appreciate the little touches that separate quality from cheapness.  I like that these folders are made for long term duty and can handle an inch of paperwork instead of falling apart after a couple of uses.  If you don't want to be refilling the same paperwork over and over again because the folder wore out, I truly recommend these.  Save yourself some work!I really like the organizational features of these folders: the different colors, three different tab positions, and fasteners on both sides. I didn't rate it as highly as I could have due to the flimsy cardstock they used. They're okay for light files, but would be much more useful if heavier cardstock was used.i like these folders.  you've gotta be careful when ordering folders.  some packets are all one color and some (these) are 4 colors.  the most common sets of folders are 1/3 and 1/5th cut.  if you want to read the folder, i recommend the 1/3rd cut:  the 1/5th cut is so small it's hard to read.  the varied colors can be used to separate out different projects or patients ...  personally, i like one color a folder for each type of project ... then again, i like a christmas tree with all white lights but many folks like multi-colored lights.  personal preference.  the clasp inside that holds the paper is smooth and well made.  the folders are solid enough - i'd bought folder before that were so thin that they ripped.  i give everything that i review a grade.  these folders are very well made, ready to use, the 1/3rd cut allows me to use lots more tape labels.  i give them a grade of "A-".  i highly recommend them for many offices - again, i think that using the separate colors to guide office staff to different sets of patients or projects makes sense.  these folders may be useful for college students working on different projects within different classes.  nice quality!I was attracted to Smead's fastener folders folders primarily because of their diverse color scheme.  However, I am used to pressboard folders that are fairly industrial and expand to accommodate large amounts of paper.  These folders aid in organization but are not very sturdy and would not be recommended for any office where folders are handled with regularity.Here's what I like:1) Different colors - I received four different colored folders - blue, green, red, and yellow.  I organize projects by colors so this is a nice feature.2) Papers can be secured -  I really like folders with fasteners because of the user's ability to flip through pages rapidly while keeping the document in place.  If I happen to drop a folder, the contents are going to stay inside and in the order in which I placed them.3) The folders expand somewhat - The user is not limited to a couple of pages with these folders but the user isn't provided with a lot of expansion room either.  Once you get beyond 25 pages on each tab (50 total pages per folder), the folder begins to reach the end of its utility.4) Recyclable - It is important to me that a product can be recycled rather than directed to a landfill after its useful life has been depleted.What bugs me:1) These folders are not industrial - I was greatly disappointed in the thickness of the folders.  If you think about the thickness of a poster board, you can visualize the consistency of these folders.  The consistency is thin and edges of the folders are easily bendable. Unless you are just keeping these in a drawer and don't plan on regularly removing files, you have to recognize that the life span of these folders is limited.Summary:  These letter size folders come in a nice range of colors and allow the user to secure a decent number of papers for subsequent reference.  However, the product is easily bent and would not be sufficient for offices requiring folders that could accommodate a high volume of papers and/or regular handling.  These folders are best for casual office use.These folders are made in the United States.3.5 - 4 starsThey seem to be about the same weight & sturdyness as most other folders.  What I especially like are the colors -12 folders in each color (red, blue, yellow & green).  Wonderful  for organizing my papers.  I've begun organizing - using the yellow folders for different insurances.  The fastener is a good feature.  For me the fastener is  for an important piece of info,  I'm fastening the original insurance policy for quick, easy reference,  which could otherwise become time consuming  searching among the other papers in the file.  Will use other yellow folders for different i.e. homeowners, auto, etcThe Smead Fastener Folders are a very good product for light office filing.  The fastener is attached to both sides of the file folder so you can hang papers off of either side, and the "brights" colors are very nice and come in red, blue, yellow, and green in case you need to sort things by color.  The tab at the top of the folder has ample space to place a label on the folder.  These are made in the United States and are manufactured from a minimum 10% post-consumer recycled content and are labeled with the Sustainable Forestry Initiative, so Smead appears to be doing what it can to help the environment.  The only disappointment with the product is that I would prefer a folder with a little more weight to it.  The file folder itself is a bit flimsy if you are using the folders with a lot of paper.  A sturdier paper would have made this a 5-star product.  Still a very good file folder and recommended.Very nice folders, with easy to use fasteners on each side.  I really like that I can attach the paperwork easily, so that it doesn't slip out.  (Some papers I merely push the metal fastener through, and others I quickly punch a hole with a single hole hand squeeze punch, since it's easy enough to eyeball the spacing...)  I use this feature to sort within the folder, which is handy.  They are very sturdy, and have held up well.  I love the different colors, allowing me to instantly grab what I want, without necessarily having to read the tab.  Much much handier than standard manila folders.These folders come with fasteners on each side, allowing to securely store your documents, bill, and other stuff for archiving. Consistent with my previous Smead products, they have a nice feeling, and do their job well.The overall quality of the materials is top notch. And the color selection is pleasing as well. Overall I'd easily recommend these folders, unless you were looking for temporary cheaper ones.I have the assorted colors, which comes with yellow, red, green & blue (sure wish they would have put in some lavender).  I'm using these folders for something a little different than they may have been meant for.  I'm a knitter/crocheter and print out many patterns online or from books I own for the current project I'm doing.  Then I've been putting the print-outs in one of these folders to protect the pattern from being destroyed (which is what was happening to them before when I just put the printed pattern in with my project).  Since there is a fastener on each side of the inside of the folder I can put the first page of instructions on the left side and the second page (if applicable) on the right side.  Or, two different one-page patterns on the fasteners.  I have a three-hole punch which I easily changed (a little screw that I moved to a different spot) so the pages fit the fasteners perfectly.  I am also in a knitting/crocheting group, so I can share my patterns with other members using these folders.These folders seem to hold up well.  They work great for my purposes!I have the goal of getting all papers and receipts organized before the new year. It's so frustrating to need some document and having to browse piles of papers before finding it, hence I finally took the time to place everything where it belongs. These folders having two fasteners per folder allow to organize a couple of different issues within each folder. For example, there are great to keep children's school and doctor appointment related papers. The different colors can be used to track individual family members documents as well. I highly recommend it.With the heavyweight paper folder and solid fasteners, Smead Fastener Folders provide good portection for your documents. The fasteners are mounted straight in the folder (You would be surprised at how many times I've found that to be not the case with other folders.) and securly taped down. (Again, another problem I've experienced with other folders.) I did a little testing and I was able to load these up with papers and they seemed to hold well. Of course, if you don't want to attach your documents to the fasteners, you can still use these as regular folders as well. The cover seems sturdy enough (heavier than a manila folder) and they contain at least 10% post consumer (recycled) materials - another plus.I took some to work where they were a hit, particularly for the various colors. I recommend them on the basis of the solid fastener for holding your documents and the heavy cover for protection. A bonus is the various colors for the organizing potential.These color files can be filed on their own or placed inside a hanging file (or other file types)They also have a metal ringer to hold papers flat if needed.Also the methods can be as vast as your imagination (or filing needs)For my work, I have "moving" papers. I use Red files for anything that is waiting for papers to be faxed, signed or mailed to me. Also "red" if need to be ready to grab at any second, for any reason. And red also if contents has to be dealt with in some way by a certain date. My red files are kept in eye shot and never filed away.Green means it is ready for use or presentation. It is free to go with me to meetings. But still active.Blue means the contents are complete. Ready to be filed for the short or long term.For my line of work, this method is a must. And gives you one example of many methods that could be used for your system.These folders are perfect for small to medium size file jobs.  The fasteners are very sturdy and easy to use -- they aren't the super flimsy fasteners that are easy to crush.  They have a nice weight and strength to them.The folders themselves are nicely colored and a little bit thicker than economy folders.  They have reinforced tabs, which is very nice and adds to their strength.  I would not call them heavy duty folders though, and I am not sure I would use them for any file that would see heavy usage.I needed some standard green file folders, since the box I bought a couple years ago is finally empty. These look exactly the same as my old Pendaflex folders, they fit the little plastic label holders just fine, and they hold files just as well as any other file folder I've used.The price is right, and with Prime shipping, there's no excuse to drive somewhere to get the same (or an inferior) product for the same price. Go ahead and buy a box!a very good product that works very well.  does just what I need and proves it's worth every time too.They're file frolders for hanging in frames or drawers equipped with the rails.  Easy to use and the labels are easy to read.couldn't be happier with this purchase. My drawer looks amazing, and for the first time in my life, I can say it won't need reorganizing in a few month from now. I'm ordering two more for the other drawers as well. the quality looks good, not as tough as those we had back in the office, but seems to be working well. I'm gonna order more to be able to file things more narrowly and don't overload a folder.I moved and had to get re-organized. Just the number I needed, and the quality is the best. Arrived in days, and the weather is giving me time to get things done inside.The price was the best part- quality at a low price. Just right for someone starting over late in life.Thank you!These Smead file folders work well.  They come with plastic tabs and label inserts which can be placed anywhere along the front or back cover of the folder.  My last set of file folders had pockets, which I didn't care for.  Things kept getting stuck inside them.  I appreciate that these Smead file folders are plain.  Fancy isn't always better.Helps to separate pendaflex files and the tabs do a good job identiying the contents of each folder. Fits well and easy to insert into folder for easy to read headings.This is just what I expected - hanging file folders.  No surprises here.  They seem very sturdy, which is good.Overall: recommend this product. The product fits perfectly and is manufactured with quality.Note: this product is made in the USAPendaflex (whose green's a bit brighter) folder rails are heavier as Smead rails are hollowed out (but maintain more than adequate strength). Heavier rails are more compact allowing slightly fewer Smead folders to fit into a filing drawer as compared to Pendaflex. Smead costs much less than Pendaflex at Amazon but Pendaflex is often on sale at Costco (and thusly only a dollar or two more). Slightly better IMHO than cheaperPendaflex Recycled Standard Green 1/5-Cut Tab Hanging File Folders, 25 per Pack (81602). In the end, you want to get what you pay for (making this a 5-star purchase / deal). Highly recommended for someone on a tighter budget.Cheap brands will work for a while, but I find that if you put too much in them, they eventually pull apart where the paper is glued to the metal hanger.  The Smead folders seem to be sturdier and I love being able to color code my files.I love these hanging folders. They are very strong quality and the multi-color is great for organization and keeping things separate.These hanging folders have worked very well for me and I have not had any problem with them.  Other brands are twice the price, but I don't see that they are so much different.  I'm happy with these for home use.great folders and great price. thick. i use the sticky tabs instead of the tabs that came with this cause the always seem to come offI believe that work is done best when you are organized and part of being organized is having the  right places to store your documents in. You shouldn&#8217;t count on this product too much, though a little reliance on it is understandable.I love my Smead hanging folders.  They are durable, easy to use and protect documents that are filed in them.  I have used them for many years now and I always use this brand.These are your typical Smead file folders.  The quality is good, and they seem to hold up well - much better than the real cheap ones.  The 1/5 cut tabs still allow you to see all the tab labels nicely.And that, my well respected amazon reviewers, is a very good thing. No mishaps on this order. Size, colors, and ability to hang just as described. Sometimes the tried and true is all I want and that is what I got. As to the thinness of the folders themselves, perhaps these are slightly thinner than a previous batch I used, it is almost a non issue but since I compared both, side to side, must admit the ones before where just a bit thicker. Does that matter to the big scheme of things? In this case, no. 4 Stars for Smead Hanging File Folders, Letter Size, 1/5 Cut Tab, Assorted Colors, 25 Per Box (64059).Excellent quality for the home office and work very well and sufficient for my needs. Will order again when I need some more.Smead has always been the go-to brand for hanging file folders, their quality is top notch and these colored folders are no exception. The bars are made from strong metal that doesnt flex like the cheap ones do, and the paper is thicker and doesnt tear like others do.These are bright and colorful, so it is easy to grab the file you are looking for without having to read the chicken scratch you wrote on the tabs.Recommended for people who want to simplify their file organization without being too drastic.Smead Hanging File Folders, Letter, 1/5 Cut Tab, Assorted Primary Colors,... where just what I needed to get my real estate folders into a more understandable organization. Using each color for different types of customers or bills has made my life a lot easier! Yay organization!Pros:Well made fit perfectly!Come with tabs!Have multiple colors!Durable!So basicly if you are looking for a product to get your chaotic files in order here is your first step!I can't believe how  FAST!!!!  Came in about 2 days. I was on a roll, setting up my big desk file systemand before it left me, my hanging files came!  Still in the zone!  Nice assorted colors - which helps.There isn't a lot to say about these, they're hanging file folders, they're colorful, they work great!  Glad that I bought them!The colors are vibrant and match nicely. Everything is included: folders, plastic tabs, perforated paper to write tab contents.Comes in a cardboard box that helps keep all the parts together.I don't take the folders out much, so durability is hard to gauge right now.I color-code things for my taxes, and these are just perfect.  The red tabs are hard to read (the plastic is kind of dark), but I used a sharpie and that fixed the problem.colorful and niceThanks for the very nice hanging folders. They work perfect in my file drawer. Nicely priced and well made. Thanks again.I wanted to color-code my groups of files so I could keep them all in the same drawer & not get confused.  When I saw these, I had to get them just to see if they would work as I had intended.  I will be getting more.Love the colors and used it as part of my organizing for specific types of files. They move smoothly on the track as well.I like these hanging folders for keeping my files organized.  I use them in my desk file drawer and put different types of files in different folders, such as family stuff, important papers, work stuff, etc. , so I can have all my important papers in one drawer and find things easily.They are just as described.  they are hanging folders, what else can i say.  The price was right and they arrived quickly.  would buy again.I NEEDED A CHANGE OF PACE---A BRIGHTER OVERALL COLOR TO HELP IDENTIFY THE FOLDERS IN MY FILE CABINET. THIS DOES THE JOB, AND IS GOOD QUALITY AT A GOOD PRICE.I got this hanging folder to go with the striped Bankers Boxes sold on Amazon it fit's it perfectly for personal and business files. It works great I've had it for more than a year and it's still holding strong.I have love plastic folders sine my dad used them in his dental office.  These are very nice & firm but open easilyDon't get me wrong, these are very handy to have around.  However, even the handiest product would get low marks if it is overpriced.  When I originally posted this review you could get more of the same product for less here:Smead 85704 Campus.org Poly Color Jackets - 6 Pack, Assorted Colors(That is one pack of six folders).  The difference worked out to be about 50% less when I wrote this review.However, in the 20 month since I wrote the review the price of this pack remained the same while the once better value 6-pack shot up to $17!  (In other words, if you purchase the set here you get five folders for $4.50.  If you purchase the other set you get six of these folders for $17.)The bottom line is that these are excellent folders and there is a lot of variability in their price.  For now these represent an excellent value.I organize virtually every document and / or useful piece of paper in a plastic folder.  Over the years I have systematized my (personal) filing system according to predetermined colors and thus am a frequent user of this assortment.  The project jackets are of good quality, documents do not slide out inadvertently, and, incredibly (with Amazon Prime), are cheaper than at the local Staples.I have lots of documents to track during the day depending on what projects have immediate action.  I love these plastic files and I use them every single day.  The assorted colors help me to determine what papers go to which folders.  I have used this type at every office where I have worked and they keep my on track.  I would not use anything else.  I just love them.i first became introduced to these working for an attorney friend in DC --- they are easy, do not bend or get worn the way paper folders do, and they make a nice statement when passing documents to a client, friend or whoever...  also great for filing...The first thing I noticed about the tape is the thickness, and stability of the strip.  The best thing is you can pull a long strip and it doesn't go crazy, meaning the strip does not curl up and stick to itself like some tapes do, making it impossible to separate.  I can dangle a long strip and it remains in a workable strip.The other thing I noticed is that if you need to reposition it, (certain papermade surfaces only) it is possible without lifting the text or color off.I like the width of the roll.  This is one of the best tapes I have worked with, especially when you do not have a tape dispenser.  Excellent......RizzoAt first glance this tape doesn't look like it will do the job.I grabbed a book with a detached cover, applied the tape and WOW!Let the repairs begin! The tape is thick enough to hold the hardbook cover on but flexibale enough to give new life to the book.This tape is very different then slapping typical clear shippingtape on a book which is too thin. With Book tape the book isbasicly repaired to like new condition.While this tape is a tiny bit thicker than the standard Scotch packaging tape, I can't see that it is really worth the higher price.  As with all new products, I like to try them out exactly how the directions say before doing things my way, and the directions for repairing a paperback book are pretty much useless.  The tape rips easily, so trying to make precision cuts with a normal pair of scissors was basically impossible for me to do without the tape simply ripping the whole way across.  What "tabs" did manage to not tear off were of no use repairing the book in question, so I quickly abandoned the suggested way and did my own thing.  I am thoroughly not impressed with the product and am very disappointed in its quality, especially considering the price.I'm not sure if this is any different then the wide packing tape but it does work as discribed. It doesn't have any yellowing and is hardly noticeble when on the binder or inside on the pages. I'd buy it to repair my books.If you really love a book, repair it with book tape instead of regular packing tape.  It's much stronger.  Scotch is always the easiest and best to use.It is a bit hard to tell this tape from regular packaging tape. Scotch is claiming that the big difference between this tape and regular packing tape is that this tape will not yellow over time. Hopefully, that's true, though it's impossible to say right now. One thing I did like was that there were instructions on the box to show the best way to use the product on both paperback and hardcover books. That was helpful. It did seem that once I cut the tape as instructed for my paperback, (in a "T" shape along the spine), it seemed to rip too easily when I tried to fit it onto the book as instructed. But overall a useful product.I used some of this tape to seal the two sides and to reinforce the bottom of several file folders to create enclosed pouch files.  I did this for files that contain various sized papers, like store receipts and small tags and instruction slips, things that might fall out of a normal file folder.  The tape is very strong and also easy to work with.I own a roll of 2" Scotch packing tape.  I find it appropriate to compare this Scotch book tape to it.  While both tapes are 2" wide and transparent, this Scotch book tape is more supple and clings to paper better.  There were hardly any  bubble and wrinkle when I used it to repair an old book and the jacket of a two-volume book.  The repairs look nice and neat. I had used packing tape to do repairs but eventually the adhesive dried up and the tape fell off.  This was to be expected because packing tapes are made to last for the duration of shipping. On the other hand, this book tape looks thick and sturdy and may last longer than the packing tape.  Only time will tell. I can envision using this tape to repair other paper products like envelopes, portfolios, cardboard boxes, vinyl record jackets, etc.  I am pleased with this product.I used this tape to fix some old paperback books. I found that the tape unwinds easily and sticks well to the books. You must be careful when using this tape as once you place it on the surface - it sticks.As shown in the picture of the product, this is just tape - it doesn't include a dispenser which can make it difficult to use at times (it can easily stick to itself, making it difficult to find the start of the tape). I found the 2 inch width to be a good size for paperback books.It's too soon as to whether this tape eventually yellows, but so far, so good.... but apparently it lasts "forever" and won't yellow or crack.Fifteen yards long, so I assume at 12 inches/book, this will take care of about 45 books.Something tells me it will also be used for wrapping packages for shipment.At first glance, it appears that Scotch Book Tape 845 is the same as their heavy duty packing tape.  It isn't.  I cut pieces from both and compared them, and the book tape is notably thicker.  I like the idea of a clear book tape and this works well.  You can strengthen the spines on your paperbacks, repair edges etc.  The cost here at Amazon is $6.99 for 15 yards and that is about .16 a foot which isn't bad.  You are likely to use no more than 12 inches on a book repair so the roll should last a while.  I think this is an endorsable product and will come in handy especially for those kids books that need constant repair.Compared to my dollar store packing tape, this tape was thicker, stonger stickier, and seven times more expensive.  If the cheaper stuff didn't work, I wouldn't mind paying more.  But for wrapping packages, the cheap stuff is good enough.  For libraries, the stronger Scotch tape may be the better choice.I used this tape to cover the spines of several different paperbacks, all of different thicknesses.  While I really liked the tape, I just could not get the T-Cut and foldover to work.  It tore every single time, even when I tried to go really slow.  Maybe I'm just not coordinated enough.  Seems like it works ok just to cut it the length of the spine, stick it on and leave it at that.I have a roll of this tape, and another roll of Scotch Shipping Packaging Tape. The latter is widely available at drug stores, food center, and so forth. The width of the two rolls is the same: two inches. The adhesive feels the same to me. Why bother to go looking for this "book tape?" Maybe the book tape is a bit more transparent. I don't think it is quite as strong as the ordinary tape.It is a fine product, like everything else that Scotch makes. I would not go out of my way to find it, because their ordinary tape is similar.I collect vintage children's books and as with many vintage books there are often tears in the dust jackets. This stuff is absolutely a necessity for repair and reinforcing damaged areas. The tape doesn't yellow, crack or lose its glue over the years and when a book is stored. I have also used it to reinforce paperback book covers, magazine edges, and especially on well loved books that my three grandchildren have worn out. Great for spines on the Scholastic type paperbacks, for repairing ripped pages and covers. If you are a reader who treasures books you'll find a lot of use for this product!This thing would tape books like mad, but I used it to make a clear wallet in tandem with some transparency sheets.Scotch has a long history of good, quality tape and their book tape is no exception. It is nice, thick, very smooth, and seemingly durable tape that is easy to unwind and use. My first time putting it to use on a book, I had next to no trouble and with time, I think it'll be even easier (I don't have a taping system applicator, just my hands). Instructions for its use on both paperback and cloth-bound books are printed on the box with illustrations to make it even more helpful. While I am grateful that I got the chance to try this product and love it, the price is pretty steep for the amount on the roll and I'll probably stick to the more economical packing tape I usually use to repair my "disposable" books, even if it doesn't last as long or look as nice, and save this for my important repairs.Scotch Book Tape appears to be the exact same product as Scotch Packing Tape except that it is approximately 2" wide and thus more useful for book repairs.  I used it to repair the bindings of two 40-year old well worn and much used cookbooks that I had previously bound together with silver duct tape. Unfortunately, the duct tape residue was impossible to get off the book.  Lesson learned: duct tape is not ideal for do-it-yourself bookbinding repairs.  Other than the extra width (approximately 1/8 of an inch), there really isn't any difference I can see between the two Scotch product except a new marketing approach.  Since I use3 Scotch packaging tape all the time and would rate it 5 stars, I see no reason not to rate the new book width tape differently.For years I've been repairing book covers and pages with regular Scotch tape, which as many know has a tendency to discolor, curl and  lose its "stickiness" over  time.  But that was all that was available as far as I knew.As a book lover I'm delighted to have this tape made especially for books.  The width is great and covers a multitude of tears (especially some jagged ones on favorite children's books.)  Also like the transparency - recently repaired a dark green book jacket and the tape all but  disappeared.What I don't have is a proper dispenser for this tape so I lose a little by folding over so it won't stick to itself.  As far as I'm concerned that's a small price to pay for the tape my books have been waiting all their lives for.Sure, this tape will do everything the small illustrations on the package show (which are apparently for people who never figured out how to use tape...). However, this tape is not any different from the same tape you can get for less in a generic form anywhere. It does not seem appreciably stronger or thicker (which would be detrimental to strengthening edges of books in any case) than the cheap packing tape available at any department, discount or hardware store. I love this kind of tape for repairing or preventing damage to larger format paperbacks (like my Rise and Fall of the Third Reich), but the price on this roll of simple clear tape is just too high. Get some of the cheap stuff for $1-2 and get the same results.Thicker than plain mailing tape. Will make any needed repairs to your ole books & magazines look like your butler did it. Professional hard-wearing results.Would definitely call this a speciality item. Not sure if I have ever seen in a "normal" store?Just like your local librarian's use, this book tape will not crack and yellow with age when used for repairs. Please note that this product is usually used in a machine, making for exacting repairs, but on a loose roll at home - one just has to be careful. Great quality item.Small children, no matter how careful, rip pages in books.  Adults rip pages in books too.  Whenever this happens, standard tape might not be the best repair choice.  This is a tape designed to not yellow as it ages.  This can be used for repair or reinforcement adding years to the life of a book.If seeing someone wax rhapsodic about book tape freaks you out, stop reading now. I fell in love with book tape as a high school student. I was a book junkie who was somewhat financially hard-pressed, so most of the books I bought were old paperbacks from the used book store. When I worked in my high school library, one of my jobs was using book tape to repair books, and I thought this stuff was amazing! For the novice, book tape is basically  like very high quality, clear strapping tape that can be used to repair books. Unlike normal strapping tape, it is acid-free so it will not cause the book to deteriorate further. In short, it's a godsend to people who don't want their old books to fall apart. After I got out of school, I never knew where to buy real book tape, so I sometimes used strapping tape for the same purpose. However, it doesn't work as well and can cause more damage to the book as it can turn the paper yellow, make it brittle, etc. Librarians always told me it would have to be ordered from a library supply place, but now I can get it from Amazon! Hooray! I love this stuff! Now my first Harry Potter paperback can be repaired and enjoyed by my kids without worrying about the cover falling off in their backpack.In this economy some of us are forced to become frugal.  I can't afford to replace some of my favorite books that have been read so much that they're practically falling apart.  Like The Princess Bride.  I just finished using this tape to protect my treasure.  Now I can read about Buttercup and Westley's adventures a few more years!I am pretty strict about the way my kids treat their books so i do not have a problem with them ripping them, but just the normal bends and folds that always happen by accident. This tape helps with the books my daughter carries everywhere with her. She brings 2-3 books to her preschool everyday and i worry about what condition they will come back in. After putting this tape on them i no longer worry. the corners and edges of all her books are protected and makes the books much sturdier. This tape is also very easy to use. it doesn't instantly adhere to the books so if you mess up putting it on, its easy to pull back and adjust. once you press it down and rub it with your hand over the tape it bonds very well. I would recommend this to parents whose children may be rough on their books, or love carrying them everywhere. Great price for what it does.Book Tape is the only type of tape you should use to repair books.  It is used in libraries because it is permanent and will not add more damage to an already damaged book.  Over the years, other tapes can yellow and crack; worse, the adhesive can absorb into the paper and separate from the backing, so the tape peels off but the glop remains.  If a book is worth keeping, it is worth buying Book Tape for repairs.  Book Tape comes in various widths, but the two-inch width is probably the most useful to have on hand.You can also use it for other repairs, for instance, for birth certificates or licenses.Years ago, I worked in a library, and we would re-bind paperbacks with a hessian cloth tape, and often cover books in a special contact paper. I haven't seen the paper in years, but regular clear contact paper works well, and this Scotch Book Tape protects the spine from disintegration.Music books are getting increasingly hard to find for certain composers; I have one book that dates back to 1918 and was a gift from my piano teacher and I think it was a gift from his. It's old. It's crumbling but this tape helps repair the spine. The same goes for my Beethoven sonatas. I've had them fifty years. Why not get a new copy? Because my fingering notes and other notes on dynamics and interpretation are written on my copy. So I keep repairing these old books. In particular, music books are prone to wear; you open then a lot, you carry them around (if playing in ensemble) and I find the older matte covers on Schirmer Editions don't hold up well (they are now bound in glossy covers that seem to last longer, although they fade badly. My Peters Editions also wear badly. The only music books that seem to hold up are the German Henle editions of Bach.)This tape is very good for any book that is somewhat ephemeral that you want to keep.I used to work in a library and I know this product well.  It is designed to last for years on books, magazines, and whatever else you might think of.The reason it lasts, I was told by a 3M person, is that the plastic tape itself is thick, which prevents the adhesive from drying out.  Have you noticed how paper masking tape lasts only a short time?  That's because the adhesive is not protected by the porous paper, dries up, and falls off.  Cellophane "Scotch" tapes are better, but still are a bit porous.  Thick tapes like this book tape almost totally prevent drying out of the adhesive and thus last a long time.  Of course, the adhesive itself is super strong, which helps.At the library we used adhesive labels for videocassettes that had a thin but impermeable layer of foil between the adhesive and the paper, which completely prevented dryout.  Those labels stayed on forever (and are still in place), while all the paper labels eventually fell off.Man, this stuff is tough.I worked in book processing for an academic bookseller and I've used a number of different products that claim to reinforce and strengthen, but this stuff is the best I've seen, short of a now-discontinued Kapco item that sold for almost three times the price.If you have any old or hard-used books, do yourself a favour and buy a roll of this stuff. Whether you're planning on reselling the books or not, you want to keep them in good shape.I've also used this tape to reinforce the corners and covers of my heaviest gaming books. When you're carrying a 30-pound bag of RPG hardcovers in your trunk, they tend to get dinged no matter what you do, but there's been a marked decrease in damage since I've wrapped up my most-used tomes.Highly recommended.This is a fantastic product.  My wife is a teacher and has a lot of "well read/well loved" books that she can't bring herself to part with.  She has been using regular tape to try to repair the covers for years, but as soon as she puts the tape on, it tears again.  She tried this tape and loved the thickness of it!  The books have held together even with students repeatedly reading them.  The tape is thick and sticks well, however it isn't so sticky that it peels skin off your fingers as you apply it.  We will definitely buy more of this!Some of us have products that we've had for years, whether it be a book or album, that we either can't or would prefer not to update to a newer format. For me, I have a few old paperbacks that are no longer in print and several vinyl albums. After a number of years, some of these things can start to come apart. This Scotch book tape addresses that need. I think this is a very good idea for those with large book or record collections and allows preserving the old favorites.I wish I'd found Scotch Book Tape sooner, as I've long known that clear packaging tape and the like just doesn't hold up for book reinforcement, over the long haul.  However, the book tape being fairly costly on a per-inch basis, I wouldn't use it for much more than the intended purpose, which is repair and/or spine reinforcement on books.  There are adhesive covers and bags available as archival or library/school products that will cover the whole book, and these are not necessarily cheap either but certainly more cost effective for the purpose.Another option for a frequently referenced paperback, where the binding is stressed, is to take it to a full service copy shop and have them cut and plastic spiral bind the book.  Some would consider taking this step to be tantamount to mutilation of a book, but it can actually increase the book's usefulness and lifespan, particularly with books that are frequently laid flat for reference.  (Cookbooks.  Crafting books.) Just know that there are options depending on how much you want to spend, and consider how you'll want to use the book.Book tape does get easier to use with practice.  The first book I tried was at the top of my list for repair, as it had been badly placed during binding such that the glue was holding down parts of the first and last page of the book.  Unfortunately, trying to cut and position the tape as indicated on the instructions on the box, I further loosened the binding and it broke away from the cover.  It was no fault of the tape that this happened, but be aware that if you have some kind of wonky situation with your paperback book's binding "glue down", you might want to skip the step where you cut that little "T" to reinforce inside the front cover, which is a fiddly bit of work.  And it does really help to have a sharp, tiny pair of embroidery scissors or similar at the ready.I know I'll use this roll up in no time flat for my most loved books.This is a difficult product to review because I have no way of knowing if this tape is any different than packaging tape or whether it will last over time. The Scotch website doesn't specify what makes this tape more suitable for repairing books and record jackets than their other tapes (I've used packaging tape for books/records for years).That said, I've never had a problem with any Scotch tapes I've used in the past, so I'm going to assume this tape will work well for its intended purpose. Is it worth the price difference (more than twice the cost of packaging tape)? - I won't know for another ten years or so.This is much more versatile than just repairing books.  It is a heavy duty easy to use tape that can be used for all kinds of repairs.  A great verstatile tool to keep around the house.The only thing that would make this book tape better is a dispenser/ cutter built into the package.  The tape is nice & thick and was easy to use without the problem of air bubbles.  I would recommend using this to reinforce paperback bindings, however not for hardcover volumes.As the world moves from analog to digital media, real books---the kind with tactile qualities such as the smell of ink or musty pages, the stiffness of a hardcover or fragility of a cracked spine, pages that wrinkle, curl, yellow, and stain---and music formats one must touch to play, particularly LPs with their cardboard covers that wear out from the countless times one removed the album and inner sleeve---age and deteriorate.Repairs can extend the inevitable demise of one's still revered copies of say the album "Red" by King Crimson or a water-damaged hardback of "The Works of Geoffrey Chaucer" that keeps escaping the Goodwill pile or trash can.  This Scotch book tape pretty much does what is says, but do get it positioned right the first time or some minor collateral damage is likely to result.Buy a roll or two and keep the demise of analog at bay for a bit longer.I didn't find anything special about this product.  It's a clear tape that is similar (if not the same) width as clear packing tape and it also seems to be equally as thick.  In light of the fact that you should have a dispenser to use this tape, I simply didn't find it practical to use (I didn't have the dispenser).  I think I may have been more impressed with this product if the box somehow could have been fashioned to be the tape dispenser for ease of use.I used this product on a damaged hardcover book and a school folder that was falling to pieces.  It does provide adequate coverage however again; I didn't see how this product was any different from clear packing tape.  It's wide, shiny clear tape - that's it.Unless this product was priced significantly less than regular packing tape, I'd probably pass on this.Regular Scotch Tape is great, so when I needed book tape I did not hesitate to try Scotch Book Tape First. We used the tape to save torn pages from our children's books. The tape is excellent for repairing, reinforcing and protecting books, edges and surfaces. We have used it on books and magazines, but have saw you can use it on record album jackets, pamphlets and more. It unwinds easily and is permanent and of course transparent. I definately would recommend!Essentially thin packaging tape, but works very well.  We have patched up 20-yr old books as well as bound piano music sheets.  Once it's on, it's on, so be careful and have steady hand when applying!  The tape is not forgiving, but works very well once you have it on.  Of course, only time will tell, but seems like a good niche solution.Scotch made this stuff, apparently, for repairing book spines and IT WORKS GREAT! I used the office laser color copier to print a couple of replacement spines for beloved kids books (Tintin and a signed Dr. Seuss) and they have "shelf appeal" all over again. Scotch book tape is clear, thick and very tough.I also reinforced a used paperback textbook that was splitting, no doubt, because some dope perspired all over the edge of the covers and/or had fun peeling them back. Scotch book Tape to the rescue: BETTER shape than when I bought it and with new, sharp corners on both covers. Then, onto an old paperback that I picked up cheap, washed the cover (hey, germs, OK?) and reinforced for another read. Superb.Would I buy it again? I'd buy it for special projects and will definitely keep a roll handy for just such valued fixes. Scotch has consistently made great products; this exceeded anything so far!...with other 3M products. The width is good for binding books even those with hard covers. It also works well with magazines and other materials not advertized. Good news for those who are a little rough in handling their stationery. Perfect for school,the office and home.I send tons of books out every year.  This tape is WONDERFUL because it is thick, easy to cut and stays stuck.  I also used this on paperback spines to keep the cover secure.  Wish it was a little less expensive but other than that this is great.This is a nice, thick, wide tape. However, it is not particularly sticky, and doesn't seem very different from thick packing tape. Note that 3 inch and 4 inch wide versions are available. Especially at 4 inches, that's much wider than any packing tape, and therefore useful for repairing bindings on books, magazines, and other published items.Here's a more meaningful explanation from another site:  3M 845 Book Tape is a tough crystal-clear transparent tape with a long-aging, synthetic adhesive that conforms readily to book contours and flexes with cover movements. Excellent for repairing, reinforcing, protecting and covering bound edges and surfaces. Use on books, magazines, pamphlets, record album jackets and more. The transparent polypropylene backing has excellent clarity which doesn't hide title information or printing and saves time and money by eliminating relabeling. It is tough, flexible, resists abrasion and cracking, and is conformable which reduces rebinding or replacement costs. Its synthetic adhesive is long aging and will not discolor or dry out so it won't deteriorate with time causing possible subsequent repair.This tape is strong and durable.  I used it to repair the spine of a book about to lose its book cover.  The tape is made to last.  It worked equally well on hardcovers and paperbacks.I was very pleased with this product.  It basically looks like clear packing tape, however I was pleasantly surprised with how heavy it was.  I also liked that it was clear.  Generally when I think of book tape, I think of the thick, colored stuff that librarians use.  This was heavy, not with that type of texture, but was clear so it allowed you to see the book.  I liked that.There really isn't anything bad I can say about this product. It worked very well at stablizing, holding and protecting my worn books. On more than one occasion, I was relieved to have this tape at my disposal and because of that, I will now have many more years of enjoyment out of my older books.I generally use store brand tape to bind my items(generally old folders and sometimes books). But the quality of this tape really has made me change that mindset. The tape itself is clear and glossy. Just by touch you can see it is quite sturdy and strong, makes the store brand tape feel frail. But its not overpowering, i.e, it doesn't inhibit the closure of the book/folder edge you apply it on. Instead it gives it a nice sturdy feel. If you need to bind and/or protect your books, look no further as this is easily one of the best if not the best book tape.I used this on a set of very old books that have not real value except for sentiment.  It is easy to use.  I set up my old books and with the help of my wife cut each section at a set length and then simply applied it to the binding.  Easy on and easy to position.  Now I can look at these old books without the covers falling off.This is great tape. Very thick and sturdy, much more so than regular tape, and certainly superior to the sort of thin tape used in everyday office tasks. It provides strong and transparent coverage. I used it quite successfully to repair several paperbacks with ripped covers, and I would certainly recommend it. Very reasonably priced if you need this sort of product.We've been using this in our household to repair our many beat up copies of role-playing game books, and it's been a lifesaver.  It works better, and looks better, than the packing tape that we usually use for this purpose.  I'll admit that I was initially skeptical -- tape is tape, right? -- but this tape really does get the job done.this is tape meant for repairing books. i used it for that purpose, as well as for taping shut packages to mail and for taping up a poster on a glass door. it works well for all purposes, but is especially good for repairing torn book covers (and if you have kids you know that tends to happen). for the other purposes i used it, it was easy to remove from the glass door later and it also sealed the package nicely although i somehow felt it was less sticky than packing tape. it's is a thicker, wider and more glossy tape than packing tape.I use this tape just like I use regular Scotch tape to mail packages.  It doesn't seem any thicker or harder to cut or tear than regular tape.  I just personally did not see the difference between this tape and regular Scotch mailing tape.I have relied heavily on Scotch acid free book tape for many years now and I heartily recommend it. I find the tape useful for a number of purposes. If I suspect that a book is going to suffer unduly from normal, everyday use, I like to cover the spine in this tape to strengthen it. For used books that I purchase that turn out to have a crease I find that this tape helps reinforce the spine so that it doesn't fall open to the crease, causing pages to fall out. For old, fragile books it provide some structural integrity it otherwise would lack.I've been using this tape for nearly a decade now and I've not detected any decay over that period of time. The glue does not seem to weaken over time nor does the tape discolor. I may have to revise this opinion in another 15 or 20 years, but so far it has definitely not been a problem.The width of this particular tape is better suited to thinner books. There is much wider tape to use with very thick books, like 1,000 page novels.This is a great little roll of usefulness. It's easy to cut, to fold along spines, to fold over pages, etc. I was very impressed with its thickness and strength.It wasn't so sticky I couldn't get it off the edge of the table when I pre-cut a piece, so I'd imagine if I made a mistake on a book cover I'd be able to lift the piece and reapply.This is a sturdy, easy to cut, book tape that has worked well on ripped pages and damaged spines of books in my collection.I have a large collection of books ranging from stuff that came out this year to books from the 1860's.  Over time books get damaged so I have used a number of cloth based tapes to fix them.  I decided to try this Scotch Book Tape and see how it worked.I was not happy at first to see that the tape was two inches wide.  When I fix a book I try to use as little tape as possible. In the past I have used half inch or one inch wide roles of tape.Happily this tape was sturdy and east to cut. I had no problems cutting the tape to fit the size of my need. The advantage of having 2 inch wide tape is that if you have a problem with a large area, like a spine, this is perfect.While the tape holds well once in place, it is not so sticky that it latches on to the first thing it touches. I was able to place the tape on a page or spine and then move it a bit before I pressed down on it and got a firm seal.I also like the fact that this tape is transparent. That is a big advantage over cloth tape.This a good product and one that I will have on hand when one of my books shows signs of damage.A good solution for some of my older books I still use, but have weak binding. It will take some time to see how long it holds up, but so far it has.I make my own books and repair old books. This tape works for my projects.  No problem with discoloration. Tough stuff.i had good success using this product to help "put back together" a cookbook that had long ago fallen apart. It will help get me through a bit longer before I have to have it rebound. A nice alternative to duct tape that was holding it together before:)I got a training manual that was hammered and went on the hunt for some tape to repair it. Sadly, the best tape I could find was regular thick packing tape. Thank goodness for Amazon and this tape as they came at just the right time. This is some great heavy-duty tape that I know won't ruin the books cover. I have to say that it is so great that I almost want to use it as packing tape. The only downside I find is you get 15 yards for $7. That is way too expensive to waste it on anything besides repairing books. I guess I'm going to stick with regular heavy packing tape and make sure I take care of my books.Shawn KovacichAuthor of the Achieving Kicking Excellence book and DVD series.I never knew binding tape was available to anyone but librarians! For years, I've been using clear packing tape for reinforcing the bindings of printed matter, especially magazines and paperbacks. With magazines, the printing is generally of such low quality that it can come off on fingers if not protected. With paperbacks, when the spine splits, the cover printing may flake off. Tape keeps both of these things from happening. But here's the problem--with packing tape, the "gum" from the previous layer is deposited onto the top of the tape beneath it, and it must be scraped off with a fingernail. It's time-intensive and not pleasant, and the tape is not a guaranteed permanent solution. This tape, while similar in appearance, doesn't have residue on it, and it's also declared by Scotch to be "permanent."The instructions on the packaging didn't work for me (in fact, a book cover got ripped in removing the results), so I reverted back to my own method. I wrap the tape around starting with the front cover, rather than trying to center the spine and putting the tape on the spine first. Having the tape centered doesn't matter as much to me as ease of applying the tape and getting the results right the first time to avoid further book damage. Experiment on unimportant books or magazines first, and you'll find the method that works for you.Tip: If you don't have a tool to use in conjunction with the roll, cut a sliver of paper and put it on the edge of the tape in order to keep a nice, straight cut edge that's easy to pull up when needed.I have used this tape on some very old hardcover, cloth-bound, 3 ring cookbooks that were literally falling apart and it worked beautifully.I also used it on some old paperback cookbooks and other books that are very old. Make sure you have the correct length and know where to position it on the article before using any pressure because you won't have the opportunity to take it off and do it over. READ THE DIRECTIONS ON THE BACK OF THE BOX! Then, experiment with it on something that won't matter if you don't do it quite right the first time.  I learned that the hard way :)Finally, I used it on my record albums from the 1960's with great success!I would highly recommend this tape!!This tape is almost identical to standard Scotch packaging tape, except that this book tape seems slightly thicker and perhaps easier to reposition.  Both are clear and glossy, and both are available in various widths.  Standard packaging tape is usually 1 7/8" wide; this particular product is 2".If you are looking to repair pages inside a book, this will not blend in well, as it is too glossy.  Instead I use Scotch Magic Mending tape for repairing tears in individual pages.  The magic mending tape seems to just disappear into the paper.  But for torn endpapers just inside the cover, I recommend using something like this book tape as you need strength or it just won't hold.Our local library sometimes uses this tape to reinforce the outside of paperback bindings, but they use a different 1 1/4" matte tape for the insides, which matches the paper much better.Another idea to consider for paperbacks that will see a lot of use - you can get book laminating film that will cover the entire book cover.  Wrap it around the cover edges with appropriate cuts at the corners so it folds neatly inside.  I've had very good results with this method; it looks great and protects and reinforces the entire cover and edges.However, for simple reinforcement of book splines, this product does just fine.This tape did a good job on a couple of ripped paperback covers, and it didn't have sticky edges.  You do have to be careful to get it in the right spot the first time.If you have a tough repair job that requires plastic tape, this should  be a tape thick enough for you.  Like all Scotch products, it is a quality product. It's designed, obviously, for repairing books, but I can find a lot more uses for it than that.  For example, the other day I used it to repair a paperback art book cover because the thin film covering was pealing up, and the tape worked fine, as expected.  I suspect too it will last a lot longer than the shoddy cover on the new book I bought recently!Highly recommended.I use this Double-Sided Removable Tape often, but only in situations where I do not need strong tape.  It is a very useful addition to the arsenal of tape in my home.  Typical uses:  Tape a birthday card to a wrapped gift.  Tape an Amex gift card inside a holiday card.  Tape a reminder to the counter.  I love the elegant look of double sided tape -- the tape is not visible at all.I would not use this to stick something on a wall -- not even a piece of paper.  It is not strong enough for that.  Maybe some day Scotch will create a stronger removable tape.  I hope so.This tape is very easy to work with. What I use it for mostly is for tacking a TO DO LIST on my fridge, Grocery lists on my fridge. And also I use this for making any page on a note pad a sticky note.Love that this tape is re-usable and of high quality.Great for home or office. Highly recommend this!This is THE BEST double-sided tape available. I have used many different kinds, but this one has them all beat.double sided tape.  I find this tape to be almost to removable.  I have had several occasions in which the tape releases itself before I am ready for it to.  I would use Scotch Doublesided permanent tape but I am afraid of damaging the item things are taped to when I remove the tape.My purpose for buying this was to have a way of sticking two sheets of paper data sheets, laminated under plastic with a 3M gizmo I bought from Amazon, together back to back. No desire or intent to use this tape to stick things to a wall, to adhere heavy items together, or any other purpose about which some reviewers have (probably with good reason) complained or commented.When applying the tape I had a couple of instances in which it was misaligned. No problem. It came off as advertised.... and went back on, in place, holding things well.The tape is perfect for my intended use. Couldn't be happier.This removable double sided tape made by Scotch is just about as perfect as you're going to get in the world of removable double sided tape! Just as the ads say, it sticks well after you apply it so that whatever you taped together stays together. It does remain almost invisible; and that's a good thing, too. It just plain looks better being as inconspicuous as possible after you've used it.I use this tape for laying down (and eventually changing) thin layers of ribbed vinyl over the shelving of my kitchen cabinets so that the actual bottom surface of the kitchen cabinet does not become soiled. You can use this double sided tape for just about any other use you can think of; and because this type of double sided tape is easily removable (without residue as another reviewer correctly notes) you don't need to worry about making mistakes!As of this time this tape is about the same price as I would pay in a brick and mortar store--maybe slightly more expensive on this website. Nevertheless, it's a good product. You use the tape dispenser to cut the tape at whatever length you wish.Overall, this is a great product that I have used for years now without any dissatisfaction. It is much stickier than other, cheaper brands of tape and it holds things together for ages. A great tape!UPDATE: You may notice my review for a very similar product, 3M 238 Removable Double Sided Tape. I tried more than once (unsuccessfully) to update that review with an extra comment that that tape had become relatively pricey. Because for some odd reason I cannot revise that review, I will post this extra comment here.Very sticky tape that works very well. I wouldn't recommend it if you just need some double sided tape that isn't extremely sticky.Except to itself.  It's good enough for sticking paper to paper, or maybe a wall, but anything heavier might not bond very well.Pros- Cheap when you buy quantity- Came quickly and easilyCons- A little bit thin- Often need more than one pieceWhat can one say about 3M Scotch tape that everyone does not already know.  It sticks as per normal.  The price and bulk pack were a good deal.Not a whole lot to say about tape, but the name Scotch says it all. Magic tape is a good name for it though. The stuff is durable as all get out and will not let go. But at the same time if you need to peel it off paper or anything else it will come off without tearing. It's not just amazing, it's MAGIC! Get some if you want quality.I have used this product for years.  Scotch is a brand that is reliable as fr as quality is concerned.We use Scotch Magic Tape nearly every day to secure the internal wrapping around some of the farm and craft products we mail out.  It's easy to use and absolutely sticks to plastic wrap. We did try some of the other less expensive brands, but it was frustrating: cheap tape breaks, curls and twists back on itself when pulled off and cut from a roll, and is nearly impossible to peel off once the end sticks down on a roll without a leader.  This is time consuming and wasteful.  Scotch doesn't do any of these things - it just sticks and that's all we need it to do.Magic Tape is perfect since it is almost invisible and seamless once it's applied and this also makes it an excellent tape to gift wrap packages.  We buy Magic Tape in bulk rolls for dispensers.This tape is good tape, seems to stick to my cat very well, but that's what he gets for nosing around in my office waste basket...  LOL  Good tape for a great price.This is a very good value. I could have roamed around to several brick and mortar retailers but just decided to order this from Amazon and I am completely satisfied.I'm happy with the price of these in bulk... much better than buying them individually.  It does what is expected!Have you ever gotten something 'repaired' with matt finish 'scotch' tape and spent 10 minutes picking bits of the tape off. These large rolls of Scotch tape resist that pretty well. They can be torn more easily than the shiny Scotch tape but are far better than off brand stuff. Get a couple of desk holders and pull tape off with one hand while you hold the gift wrap with the other.A basic product but you cannot go wrong with Scotch tape. It's one of those products you cannot skimp or go generic on, I have found. I did extensive comparisons and amazon had the best price. Quill the next FYI, if it goes up.This is an awesome 10-pack of tape that means I won't have to buy tape again for probably six entire months.  It arrived as expected, and functions exactly as planned.  It's tape:  what more can you say?Scotch Magic Tape is the only kind of tape I buy. I have used cheaper tapes. They pale in comparison. Magic tape is virtually invisible when applied. It is sturdy yet able to be sliced with a fingernail when you need to adjust the length of the tape on the fly. Cheap tapes just twist and crumple. No frustration with Magic tape. Did I mention that it is the only kind of tape I buy?!Note: The 1000 inches will fit the large disposable plastic holder, not the small one.This tape made by 3M Scotch is just about as magical as you're ever gonna get in the world of tape! Just as the ads say, it sticks well after you apply it so that whatever you taped together stays together. It does remain almost invisible; and that's a good thing, too. It just plain looks better being as inconspicuous as possible after you've used it.This tape is very nicely priced at $1.66 a roll; you won't find a better price in my supermarket! At first it appears to cost slightly more than another Scotch tape that is packaged very similarly to this; but that tape is 300 inches long and this tape is 1000 inches long. The packaging is well done. You merely remove one roll of tape (or more, depending on how much you need); then you can either insert the tape into a tape dispenser or you can just use scissors to cut the roll of tape at whatever length you wish. This makes this type of Scotch tape very economical for home offices, small offices or schools.Overall, this is a great product that I have used my whole life long without any dissatisfaction. It is much stickier than other, cheaper brands of tape and it holds things together for ages. A great tape!I use these Scotch Magic Tape for myScotch Tape Dispenser.- Tapes That "Disappear"These Scotch Magic Tapes have a matte texture and "disappear" by blending in very well with paper. You can even write on their surfaces like you do on paper.- Easy OnWith these scotch tape, I can economize by using regular memo paper in lieu of sticky notes, which are more expensive. There are of course a thousand and one other uses for them!- Easy OffThese tapes are easy to peel of non-porous surfaces such as glass, laminates, and plastic. Unlike some cheap tapes, they won't leave a sticky residue when you peel these tapes off glass, plastic, and other surfaces.These tapes are genuine Scotch brand of Magic Tape. They are 3/4" in width. Each roll can dispense 1000" (27.7 yd or 25.4 m) of tape. A 4-Pack should last you a long time. I've had mine for a year and I'm still on my 3rd roll!Scotch brand of Magic Tapes are the best tapes hands down. You really can't go wrong with these.This Scotch tape refill roll fits myScotch Transparent Tape Dispenser DS520.  I love this tape.  It sticks well, the matte finish doesn't show so easily on wrapping paper (or any other paper), and I can write on it with a ballpoint pen.  It is five star quality.  I rarely buy any other brand, and I'm usually sorry when I do.These tapes are good quality. They are not too invisible however, they dont stand out like the rest of the tapes.I love having this tape around for mailing things, wrapping, or school projects.  We use it all the time and it's a great price.Scotch Magic Tape is my old standby...it's tried and true. Other products are disappointing, so I always keep the Scotch Magic Tape on hand. It is the best! I highly recommend it.Scotch tape is tape. The name alone makes it very easy to purchase. These rolls were a little bit longer than some. 6 rolls will last a long time. And it's great for the upcoming giftwraping.As a school teacher, it is nice to find things like this for so cheap for when I need to replace them.Growing up, we used masking tape for all sorts of things.  It was our all around go-to tape, probably because it was fairly inexpensive and easily torn by hand.  For the past few years, I've gravitated to blue painters tape - for similar reasons, but also because I had a bunch left over after painting a while back.The tape that we used growing up was not like this tape, but rather it was like the less expensive general masking tape that 3M sells for less.  This tape is wider (1.5" versus 1") and more sturdy.  While it still tears across easily (which I love), it has good tensile strength and resists ripping when pulled lengthwise.  I've pulled pretty hard on it and can't get it to break.This tape also beats out the painters tape that I've been using for general purpose use in that it adheres better.  This tape does come off easily, too, but it holds better in my experience than the blue tape that I've bought.  The painters tape that I've used goes on easily and comes off easily, but it doesn't hold to the surface quite as well.  For painting, the blue tape is awesome - but this tape also has more of a general purpose use to me.For painting and an assortment of other uses, this tape is very good.  However, this is a higher quality tape that's geared (IMO) more to professionals than the average home owners.  3M sells less expensive masking tape, too.  This product is at a higher level and you pay accordingly.We keep several types of tape around our home - and masking tape is always one of them. This roll is wider than some I have used in the past, and is a very nice size.Besides &#34;masking,&#34; it is effective for temporarily holding posters up on painted surface where it won't peel the paint off when you take it down. In fact, way back in High School, it was the ONLY type of tape we were allowed to use for this purpose.Sticks well, comes off easily. What's not to like?This is a generous roll of masking tape, which, as the description suggests, can be used for a wide variety of purposes. The cream-colored tape is thick and stable in securing its targets, and I have been satisfied with its performance. Its dimensions are 36m by 55m, and it's made in Canada.This is a great masking tape. It tears off the roll cleanly, sticks securely and removes without leaving residue. It is a bit thicker than regular masking tape and is definitely superior to cheaper versions.  Whether you need a high performance tape is dependent on your project but it works well for painting and posters.  Recommended.You can't go wrong with Scotch products.  I knew when I ordered this tape that it would do the job.  I use masking tape for paint projects, mostly.  This tape holds strong and tight and worked wonderfully when painted over.  The width is just perfect for me.I also like to use masking tape for hanging posters in the kid's rooms, rather than using push-pins.  I make a small roll of tape for each corner on the backside of each poster.  This tape is wide enough and strong enough for that use as well.Good solid quality tape material from Scotch. The width of the tape is just right for my purposes. This can be used for various different projects from construction related to artwork etc. And this is one of the few items that is Made in Canada. The only drawback is that price-wise it's a bit hefty. Otherwise this is a quality item that is useful for many different tasks.I never much thought about whether premium tape is a thing that exists, but I guess it does!I've found this to be very nice overall. I can use it to tape things down for a few minutes when I know that I'm going to want to pull it back up. A couple of times I've used it to make quick temporary labels for things as I was reorganizing stuff like cables. I could keep the cable in place and mark a letter or two to make sure I remembered what I meant it to be for, and then pull it all back up afterward and everything was kept simple and clean.I'd probably think it's worth investing in something like this when you know you have a big job ahead of you. If I were going to put in all the time it takes to paint a room very  nicely, it's worth spending a few more dollars to try to get tape that's going to do a very good job of helping you get nice results. More generally, though, less expensive brands will get the job done adequately.Does a roll of tape truly need a review? I guess so. What to say... It's tape. It sticks. It's a good value for the money. It peels easily and comes off pretty easily. We use it for packing and crafts around the house. Large rolls like this do well with a large heavy duty dispenser. You might want to consider getting one of the those too. Not the gun kind but the kind that sit on a desk. 3M generally makes great products and this is no exception. Enjoy.This is very similar to what we called freezer tape growing up. It even has that same yellowish tint. So far it has come off the roll cleanly and we have not had any issues with splitting. My daughter has developed a habit of sticking toys (little plastic balls mostly) into spots where they don&#8217;t QUITE fit, and this tape has come in handy for helping to remove the toys. It isn&#8217;t quite as sticky as some types of tape, but so far it hasn&#8217;t left any type of residue on the toys.This masking tape unrolls easily and tears easily with just your fingers. It adheres well to almost any surface. This is a thick tape. It feels thicker than the regular masking tape I am used to using. It removes cleanly without tearing. You can easily write on it with pencils, pens or markers. Overall, this is a great quality masking tape and I would recommend it.Unless you're one of prices so high you probably get cheaper roles you look around but all in all this is good tape. I use it for writing labels on boxes and such it works great in sticks for a long time. Deftly think this should cost a third of the price it is right now at near $14. But it is a nice big role and you get a lot of tape with it but still little overpricedThis is some of the best masking tape I&#8217;ve ever used. Strong enough to resist breaking far better than other brands (especially the generic brands at the big box hardware stores), peel off the role without shredding, holds tight and releases without any residue. It&#8217;s great not only for paining but also for tasks such as labeling items for the freezer, temporary mounts for photos, and others.While the performance is much better than general masking tape, and even better than the blue painters tape, the price is a bit over the top per role. I won&#8217;t count that against this since, if you need the absolute best quality masking tape out there for a special project, it may be worth the cost. For routine use, however, the price can be a significant barrier.We recently remodeled a room which included painting and since I had this tape to try I gave it a go even though we normally use Frog Tape.  Application was easy enough, but when it came time to remove it after painting it was a disaster.  Not only did some of it stick which made it very difficult to remove small pieces, it also bled underneath.  I would have tried using it again, but the once was frustrating enough.  So while there are other good uses for this tape, I'm sure; painting is not one of them and I would discourage it.When I first opened the tape I thought this isn't too different from my regular masking tape that I've used for years. It is wider than average which is a great improvement as the usual narrow tape was always to narrow. Upon inspection this tape is definitley thicker than the old fashioned one. Because it's thicker it is stronger. It is also stickier so it has more holding power. I actually used it to tape a small package for mailing with out worrying about holding power. I never did this before and always used cleat ape. I wouldn't use this on a carton but for small packages I trust it..I tested this on my air conditioner .It is too warm now to cover it but I wanted to test the tape for this review. I covered the AC with a towel and used the tape to hold it to the window wall. I kept it on for a few days as in the past some tapes have fallen off.  This passed with flying colors. It held extremely well yet came off easily and did not remove any paint while pulling off.This is a very large roll so it will last a long, long time. I am quite satisfied and think it is an advancement in masking tape.This masking tape is oversized and is 1.5 inches wide by 60 yards (2160 inches) long. It is a premium masking tape that works perfect for automotive work or even masking trim when painting your house. It stays where you put it and doesn&#8217;t try to peel off at all. When you are ready to remove it removes in one piece and usually doesn&#8217;t rip apart during the removal process. This is the tape that I will reach for when working on a project that requires masking. Especially for auto work because one tiny mistake can be a disaster.This is the first masking tape I have used that didn't come off hard when you went to remove it. It came off easily, quickly and cleanly with one smooth tug. Didn't even tear. I also used it on a drywall that has a vinyl coating to it that I had previously painted it and when I used any other tape it always took some of the paint off when I removed it, this left all the paint in tact and on the wall where it is suppose to be. I also tried it on my work desk that was suppose to be 100% real maple wood but when I went to remove some scotch tape from it, it took the wood color off, like some sort of very thin paper but yet it looked and felt like real wood so until that happened I didn't know it wasn't. Well I used this to paint the doors a different color in the middle section to cover where the scotch tape had ruined it and it came off clean, didn't take the finish off like the scotch tape. Love this and will use it all the time.Scotch did an excellent job making this High Performance Masking Tape!  It does a great job of making a clean line when painting without removing any finish or any other part of the wall/object covered with the masking tape.  It also does not leave a sticky residue .  It removes cleanly and easily.  Also, with other rolls, I've sometimes have had the problem of the tape tearing while trying to get it off the roll but I did not have that problem once with this roll of masking tape.  I would not hesitate to purchase this for my next painting project or to recommend it to others.  Great High performance Masking Tape, Scotch!This is industrial quality masking tape to give clean paint lines on baked painting jobs for car, boat, even planes. It attaches firmly to surfaces. As you can imagine it works amazing for home painting. However the price would probably prohibit its use on entire rooms, because it is intended to do so much more than simply protect molding from latex paint.Works great comes off the roll nicely easy to stick to the wall and easy to take down. I like the width perfect for trim work.This tape is what I expect when I use masking tape. It is tacky and holds to what it is applied to. It doesn't leave residue when it is taken off.I use this tape to mask off small auto parts on an old Chevy pickup before painting. I like it because it is sturdy and thick enough so it doesn't break.  Nonetheless, it is pliable and easy to work with and come off without leaving any residual.  I am very pleased with the quality and will be ordering another roll when this runs out.this is One of Scotch's original good products. Masking tape that works just as it should.  It goes  on easy, and when you need to take it off it comes off easily in one piece rather than tearing apart.  It is really great tape that you do not even need scissors to cut, you can just pull and tear with your fingers when using.I like that it is the extra wide role which is about an inch and a half wide , and it is a long thick role of about 60 yards. Great for all paint work and any other things you might need masking tape for.This is some high-quality masking tape. It's sticky, but not so sticky that it can't be removed from the surface later. It's wide enough to create a nice buffer that's masked off, and the edge is perfectly straight. What else does one need from a masking tape?No one will ever remember the $6 extra they shelled out for this tape once they see the nice crisp lines without any bleed-over.  I have tried many of the cheaper tapes and they have always made me regret the purchase later when I saw how crappy the &#34;straight&#34; paint lines were.  Simply the best tape on the market.I've used cheaper masking tape before (never used anything more expensive...)  But, this masking tape works great.  Even for the lazy painter, slapping this masking tape on a somewhat greasy kitchen surface - and it still sticks to it!The width is pretty nice, but if using a sprayer, you'd probably want to go double-wide with it.  And it peeled off paint, new and old, flat and gloss - without taking any paint with it.  A great product...even if it is a bit pricey.I always keep at least one roll of masking tape around the house.  Nothing is handier for painting, art projects, or quick labels than masking tape and it is easily removed (sometimes too easily.)Scotch High Performance Masking Tape 232 Tanis a bit heavier duty than most masking tapes available with a bit more sticking power.I used this to label a number of jars and canisters (I buy many staples and spices at the co-op in bulk) and have been delighted to find that while the tape is easy to remove and leaves no residue behind, I've not had labels falling off with repeated handling as I have experienced with other masking tape.RecommendedThis tape is same color as regular masking tape but it is thicker and more substantial. It is very easy to lay out exactly where you want it because it is so stiff. When you pull it up it comes up easily with out tearing and leaves no residue. It is stiffer than regular painter's tape. Rated for 250 degrees for 30 minutes.This Scotch high performance masking tape is super wide at nearly 1-1/2 inches, the adhesiveness is moderate (what one wants in a temporary tape). After using the tape to mask off a cabinet I was painting, the next day I easily removed the tape, with clean lines remaining.I do like the extra width of the tape, some others are too skinny and too thin. This one holds up to the job. The only &#8220;baking&#8221; I&#8217;ve done is with a hair dryer if I&#8217;m in a rush paint job.Here in Texas, the weather can get really hot outside and some &#34;blue&#34; tapes don't stay adhered to the surface and/or stay adhered to the point of never getting them off.  The Scotch High Performance Masking Tape is a great solution for masking off outside windows, deck areas, etc. to allow for painting clean lines.  It is a &#34;super&#34; masking tape - not the inexpensive type we used to use before the advent of the blue tapes.I don't recommend it for inside use - there are less expensive options that will work well for those situations.  But this is the way to go for anything that needs to be able to take heat.Masking tape is masking tape. Right? WRONG!The 3M High Performance Masking Tape is the BEST masking tape I have ever used. Easy to tear. Great hold. Does the job WELL. This tape is far superior to blue painters tape for masking off an unpainted area. I have used blue painter's tape where I wanted a clean line but invariably the tape allowed the paint to flow underneath. I needed to temporarily hold a lightweight item in place while the glue set up, this tape worked PERFECTLY without leaving a residue. Albeit an expensive tape for the task, in a pinch the tape can also be used to remove pet fur from a variety of surfaces those with furballs will know precisely what I mean! The tape / glue does have a funky odor, even after a few weeks.  Made in Canada is also a plus - at least it's North America!This is great masking tape, I'll give it that. It goes on well, it stays strong and it peels off easily with no residue.... No complaints on how it functions at all, my only complaint is the valuel. This tape is EXPENSIVE at $13.35 (as of 12/31/13) for a roll, I've had really good luck with the blue painters tape in the past and frankly there isn't enough difference for me to justify this premium in cost. For the price here you get tape that is 180ft long, if you compare that to blue painters tape from one of your local hardware stores you can get the same dimensions for around $6.It's good, but it is too expensive. If they would lower the price it would make sense for me to switch over to this tape, but at the premium they are charging I don't get any additional benefit that the current tape I use provides. Both behave nearly the same.This masking tape is pretty good, working not just for painting but also for taping patterns to fabric instead of pinning them and also working well to bind a big box of previously loose and tangled computer cords into tidy bunches that are easily labeled. I did find it sometimes split down the center as it unrolled (you know, when some of it comes off the roll as you pull it and some of it stays behind) an unfortunate quality for tape. It's also sort of sticky on the sides, leading the sides to become unfortunately linty and unsightly looking. I do worry that now that my roll has gotten linty on the sides, it may compromise its effectiveness when it comes to making a sharp line for painting. I suggest keeping it in a plastic bag at all times when not in use.From the product description provided by 3M, "Masking tape was developed specifically to help protect surrounding surfaces from overspray, provide clean paint lines, and remove easily and cleanly when finished."  TheScotch High Performance Masking Tape 232 Tandoes just that and then some.  With a rubber backing, the crepe paper is removed easily from the roll without tearing unless I wanted to tear it and when removing it from the application, it also did not tear as I've had occur with other tapes.  I like the offering of this type of tape in varied widths, so I won't have to purchase a roll wider than is needed.  I was naive and did not realize that masking tape has a shelf life of a year before it deteriorates and performs less well, and must note that I received a very fresh roll of tape to use.  It arrived packaged in a plastic bag (taped with cellophane tape) and is the only masking tape I've received or purchased that had a smell to it when I opened the package.  I'm not crazy about the smell of this tape, but I think that for the intended purposes of marking and protecting a surface, it is an excellent product.  For painting walls inside of a building, this tape is overkill and expensive, but if you need a masking tape to withstand a temperature of up to 25 degrees F for up to thirty minutes, this is your tape.  We used it on metal, not drywall, and it was outstanding.well i got this tape and i guess i was bamboozeled by the fact it was sticky.. and looked and smelled like masking tape.its def a high performer! you can play jump rope with it, pack boxes, all sorts of stuff.i advise getting this whether its to tie your wife up so you can enjoy a sports afternoon in your mancave or need to mail off boxes to random people you dont know.works great!This is an excellent roll of masking tape. It is wider than some, is stretchier than many, and has a nice, tacky stickiness to it that peels easily and leaves no gooey residue. This will work excellently for any of my masking needs, though its extra cost will only be of benefit for baking applications, such as is done in automotive paint shops and the like; it is rated to withstand temperatures of up to two hundred and fifty degrees Fahrenheit. This is a high-quality, specialty masking tape.If you are looking for a dependable masking tape, this is it. I've found in the past that Scotch products are superior to their competition, and this is no exception. The tape doesn't tear when you don't want it to, it sticks where you do want it to, and it stays until you remove it. I've used tapes that weren't sticky enough--the adhesive didn't hold, and tapes that left adhesive on the walls, as well as some that didn't remove so easily. I am satisfied that I do not have any of these problems with the Scotch High Performance Masking Tape. I'm sorry, I just can't say &#34;I LOVE it!&#34; about masking tape, but I do like using it.Top quality tape easy to apply, easy to tear off the roll itself and easy clean up when you are finished with it's useI have always used Scotch masking tape for previous paint jobs in my home as I have less problems and better performance than any other paint related tape. I like clean, sharp corners and find that this the Scotch Brand helps this happen effortlessly. I also love a nice clean, smooth pull away without leaving any residue or feathering. It works well with school projects and just about anything else around the house. The uses are endless. I will generally spend a few bucks more for the Scotch brand as it performs best for my needs.The thing I haste most about blue painters tape is the slivering when removed with paint on the surface.  So far, this Scotch brand has not done that.  It is a thicker feeling tape that adheres well to a variety of surfaces.  I do think that Frog tape does the best lines on really uneven surfaces like orange peal texture on walls.  But this Scotch tape will withstand some temperature curing process &#8211; I just have no need for that application.I used this for painting and it worked perfect- Was easy to peel off and strong enough to really hold on to the walls. I also used for packaging some boxes and it was extremely strong. A great masking tape!I agree with many of the other reviews here. This is very good masking tape, but $13/roll is way too much money. The blue masking tape that most professional painters use costs half as much at my local hardware store.I am very pleased with the performance of this tape.  It's the perfect amount of tackiness.  It grips well to porous and non-porous surfaces.  It also pulls from the roll with ease; no fighting to start it.Excellent.  Will buy again when I next need masking tape.Scotch High Performance Masking Tape is a large roll, a tad over 1 3/8 inches wide by 60 yards long.It is very sturdy at over 6 mils thick and is much easier to remove in one clean piece when compared to less durable masking tapes.  The adhesive sticks well to provide a clean line with no bleeding but it doesn't leave residue when removed.Always use fresh masking tape as the adhesive dries out over time.I don't skimp when it comes to tape. I hate the cheap rolls that cause frustration. I spent a few cents more and get Scotch. It is less expensive in the long run. It doesn't rip or tear after a year or so on the shelf. A roll of Scotch High Performance Masking Tape 232 Tan, 36 mm x 55 m (Pack of 1) is around ten bucks, but I consider it well worth it for my use. This is the best masking tape I've ever used and recommend it.My use of this tape is a bit different--I use it to bind the raw linen edges of crewel embroidery projects during hand sewing, to prevent raveling.  It works well, is wide enough to edge and fold over, and rips off cleanly when the project is ready to be bound on the sewing machine, with no sticky residue.Rated for heat tolerance up to 250 degrees, this is a specialty masking tape designed for paint baking projects and is priced accordingly. But the product is also useful for a variety of other tasks. As a painters tape, it worked well to mask-off a tile back splash doing a stellar job preventing the paint from migrating onto the taped area. It also peeled off in one piece, avoiding a problem I have encountered when using basic painters tape. In preparation for framing,  I also used it to mount a photograph to a matting board. Again, it performed flawlessly.I have always hated how masking tape didn't stick well to anything other than a flat cardboard box. This tape seems to stick to things very well. The high performance part of this masking tape seems to be true! I have not been able to use it during the &#34;medium baking&#34; process it seems to be designed for, so I can't comment on that part. But the construction is good, it tears relatively easy in the hand, and seems to stick well. Overall, it performs well for masking tape.was good for painting. Easy to use as well as cut. I found it easy to unwind as well. The tape did not let the paint bleed through like most. I also used this tape for keep the vinyl in tack in my kitchen cabinets and draws as well. Overall tough and easy to peel off as well.This masking tape is perfect for making a nice, straight edge during painting.  It is relatively easy to tear and it pulls off nicely without tearing into multiple pieces.  We usually use the blue tape and I'm not sure this one is worth the extra cost.  So for painting, definitely suggest to use this tape.Now I did use some on a toilet seat lid so that the kids wouldn't use it before we repaired it. I removed it a couple days later and it PULLED off the paint on my toilet (now ruined!).  I was totally surprised it would do that considering it is used in painting applications. So be cautious what you use it for!Scott's provides a large roll of masking tape at 60 yards by 1 3/8th of an inch.  This tape is thicker than most masking tape I have used for projects, making it easier to remove (not tearing as you remove).  By any measure, I would label this tape &#34;industrial&#34; as it is far superior quality and strength compared to regular masking tape you might find in a drugstore.  I found no issues having it stick to nearly any surface, even in the recent cold weather when I used it to mask off plastic over a window from the outside.While you can use this tape to mask off for paiting projects, and in fact will likely prefer, I am not sure I would leave it up any longer than a week (which, I often do) for fear of possible residue.  However, if you can control that aspect, this tape provides a much cleaner line in my opinion.  It is unlike the blue tape, more expensive, we are all familiar with for painting projects, but also hate because it is not thick enough and often &#34;slivers&#34; as you remove it.This is standard masking tape. It sticks well, unlike some brands that come off very easily. The tape itself is sturdy but easy to rip. Overall this is a good product.Because of my kids, painting is a constant.  Walls, trim, ceiling... I've painted and repainted.What I found I hate is tape that's hard to tear (scissors? please).  Tape that sticks too well (tears off the wall board).  And tape that splits and shreds (yuckadoo).I had no problems with this Scotch High Performance tape.  As soon as it arrived I tore some off and attached it to the wall where I'll be painting next.  It's been there for about 30 days and I just pulled it all off and it didn't damage the wall underneath.The other thing I noticed is that this tape adheres well enough that paint doesn't ooze underneath.  And the tape cuts exactly as you'd want it to.Very good tape.  It's really meant more for professionals, but if the price was lower, I'd certainly use it instead of the blue and green stuff.This is a BIG roll of tape that will surely last a long time.  I use it for lots of things including arts and crafts projects and painting. It's also helpful for holding boxes together and for packing purposes.  I like the width of this roll and it's nice and sticky with good staying power.  It's a good deal for this size of a roll.Scotch tape is the best, in my experience.  But my problem with this particular tape is that it is narrower than the Blue Scotch tape I currently use, and I do prefer that extra width.  It's thick and sturdy, though, and is worth a try to see if it suits you.This large roll of nicely sticky masking tape was big enough for us to tape plastic over every window in our 150 year old home. You laugh but trying being in -20 weather with a leaky house from the 1800's. The tape did a great job adhering to every possible surface (wood, glass, plaster on lath...). The house is already warmer. I used to have to buy two rolls for this job. I even have some left over.Nicely adherent, plenty of it, easy to rip, stays where I put it. Great tape for multi-purpose use.I didn't realize when I ordered this that it's actually intended to survive heating for baked-paint applications?  Anyway it's great for regular tape purposes but pretty pricey as others have observed.  It's got all the properties of masking tape but is thicker than normal and thus less subject to breaking when peeling off.  It has no special holding-on properties, so if you want something with tape strength between a masking tape and duct tape with the stickiness of masking, this is the one for you!I know I won't be of much help in this review. I got this tape because I needed masking tape and not scotch tape. It seems to mostly work as needed. It doesn't stick as much as I'd like but it is easy to tear and work with so it was a good trade off. It doesn't get tangled up or wrinkly so when I had to use it to go along a baseboard, it held really well. I didn't have to keep adjusting it.All in all, it worked better than I thought it would in some ways that I really liked. I wish I could be more technical but mostly, I just liked that it didn't get tangled because that annoys me.I used this making tape to tape off the trim in a hallway so that I could paint. It had a strong hold and did a good job of keeping the paint off of my woodwork. It was easy to remove and didn't cause any damage upon removal. It definitely had a heavier duty feel to it and the width was a perfect fit for my project.This is a strong, thick, easy to tear, masking tape that sticks where it is taped but is easy to remove as well. I have used it for a couple of house projects at it has worked great.I got some water damage in my basement and needed to repaint some spots on my walls. I used this to cover moldings as well as to put on my hardwood floor to protect the floors as well as hold some painter&#8217;s tarps in place.This protected the molding when paint got on the tape.  The tape was easy to remove and did not damage the moldings.  It protected the floors as well. Additionally the tape held the painter&#8217;s tarps in place. The width of the tape, which is 1.5 inches, is a plus.I also did some touch up work on a cabinet in my bathroom. To be on the safe side I put the masking tape on the tile floor to protect it in case some paint spilled. It was a small job but a little paint did get on the tape. It protected the tile floor and did not leave any marks on it when I removed the tape.This is easy to tear. I just used my fingers and was able to easily tear the tape.This really works well.This is an excellent masking tape for painting. The tape itself is made of high quality and it was easy to tear. I prefer this over the other brands and the typical blue and green tapes, which tends to come off the wall easily.These stick onto the wall very well and will stay there until you peel it off. It is easy to take off, making this a great tape all in all.I used this in a home painting project that involved painting different colored stripes on the wall.  I had initially tried blue painter's tape, but it seeped and ruined the look of the stripes.  After repainting over the mistake, I tried this Scotch High Performance Masking tape a few days later.  Unlike the blue tape, this didn't allow any seepage at all.  It pulled off reasonably easy, and I got the sharp and clean paint stripes that I wanted.This tape goes on easily, makes clean and straight paint lines, and most importantly, it comes off easily.  It is the perfect size for protecting wood trim.  It is easy to use and highly effective.There's a reason 3M's Scotch tape sells so well--it does the job perfectly with no muss and no fuss (and the price is reasonable). If you're doing any kind of painting project, home improvement task, or crafty thing, then spend a little more to buy Scotch High Performance Masking Tape. It has the perfect amount of tack to stick to most surfaces without damaging them, and the backing is strong enough to allow you to remove it in one piece. If your time is worth anything, then those two simple features--never a given with other masking tape brands--are worth the slight extra cost. There's a reason this is an iconic product, folks--it just works so darned well!The Scotch High Performance Masking tape is a rather high priced masking tape that would not likely be used for every day needs. It is a high quality tape, great adhesion, comes off the surface very well without tearing apart as some other tapes do when removing, and it is a tough tape. It is indicated that it will work in mid temperature applications. I didn't have any present need for that so I decided to try it in the oven. I attached a few pieces of tape to a piece of steel and put it in the oven on a low temperature, about 240 F, and baked it for about 20 minutes. It stuck tight and I was then able to remove it without any tearing. It pulled off only slightly harder than from a room temperature surface application. It did not appear to be affected at all by the heat. I have always found the Scotch brand tapes to be of better quality than any others that I have bought so I was not surprised when it did what it was advertised to do.I was excited when I found that this tape was designed to be used in paint-bake operations up to temperatures of 250 degrees.  I don't paint cars, but one of my hobbies is working with heat-cured polymer clay.  Unlike air-dried clay, polymer clay only hardens when baked at  275 degrees F.  Because the uncured clay stays soft, one of the biggest frustrations is getting individual, uncured pieces to stay in position until the heat from the oven can permanently harden them.I figured that if the tape was rated for 250 degrees I could stretch that just 25 degrees more to the 275 degrees required by the clay.  I taped the individual clay pieces together and then baked... watching carefully that the tape didn't show any signs of stress (like bursting into flames).And the tape performed like a trooper!!!  It held the pieces of clay together without any problems.  When I removed the tape it still looked brand new: no scorch marks, no curling, and even after 45 minutes at 275 degrees the tape still had some of its stickiness.So if you need a masking tape that can withstand temperatures up to 250 degrees, this is the tape for you.  But be prepared to pay a little more for the extra heat rating, durability and strength; this is not your average, drugstore variety masking tape.This is an excellent pressure sensitive take used in the paint industry for medium temperature jobs. Capable of withstanding temperatures up to 250 F. for up to 30 minutes. Of course does not leave any residue either.I used this tape to mask on a particle board, and it help OK. I did have a hard time tearing it, which is a good thing and a bad thing. As usual, there is a trade-off.Overall, I prefer the blue painters tape for most applications: it does not damage the painted surface as this tape would. At the same time, this tape will allow you to mask long and straight lines much faster.I always considered the blue tape to be way expensive, but this tape is 1.5 times more expensive. Hence, in my opinion, the blue tape wins.A cost effective alternative to &#34;blue tape&#34; for painting. In most cases, clear packaging tape is more cost effective than masking tape and holds up better to handling and weather than masking tape. So for shipping and packages, I recommend using the lower cost packaging tape.A number of years ago Scotch (and now other brands) developed specific take for masking for painting. These common &#34;blue&#34; or &#34;green&#34; tapes have less adhesion and will not stick to freshly dried paint or delicate drywall surfaces (while also holding a good mask line for painting). As the price of these tapes has steadily risen, I looked back to the old &#34;masking&#34; tape as a more cost effective solution. I just completed re-painting all (but one) of the exterior windows on my house. In place of the blue tape, I found this &#34;High Performance&#34; Scotch masking tape to cost less and hold up for a few days of cold and even raining weather.In contrast to the blue tape, I found it stuck better to my wood (and stone) sills, but still peeled off clean. In one case I found that it did come off a bit after rain and some high winds between coats of paint, but that is to be expected. Overall, I saved a considerable amount using this over the blue tape. I'd still recommend the blue (delicate surface) tape if you are doing patterns, stencils, or overlay colors because even this tape will stick to freshly painted surfaces. But if you are masking over well dried gloss, eggshell, or semi-gloss paint, you can use this for masking. I advise against using this tape to mask over freshly painted surfaces or to mask over ANY flat paint no matter how long it has dried. It will adhere to flat paint (for example the very common flat white ceiling paint) even if its been dry for years.Scotch High Performance Masking Tape 232 Tan, 36 mm x 55 m, worked so well for many of the typical ways artists use masking tape. From using to hold down paper to drawing boards, masking off edges, masking of straight edges in paintings, to sticking art or reference material to the wall, this tape did it all and did it all peeling off easily with no sticky residue left behind. It stayed in place and didn't get funky when using a hair dryer to dry watercolor and acrylic paintings or a heat gun for various FX spot jobs. You can buy cheaper masking tape but cheaper doesn't perform to the standards this one does. If it make a difference in the final outcome of my artwork it's definitely worth the cost. Not to mention, when you think about how much all the other art supplies cost this tape is a bargain!Great price on simply the best tape dispenser available.  Very heavy for one hand operation, and very stylish.Annoyed that you can't find that roll of tape that was in the drawer? Tired of tape that sticks to itself or the container? This substantial and well built dispenser fixes those problems. Plus it's easy to find and those pesky other people you live with will be less likely to abscond with it.What more can I say? It works great! If you do any amount of taping you need one of these things. I have 3 of them all around the office and house in case I can't find another one. Mine has lasted about 10 years and show no sign of wear and tear on it. A great investment for your office.I've had my Scotch tape dispenser for over 5 years and it still works like new! Features that I like about it:- Easy DispensingThis Scotch Tape Dispenser is heavily weighted to allow you to dispense tape with just one hand.- Easy Refill*As shown in the product picture, the dispenser has an arm that flips up. Simply pop a new roll of tape onto the arm and flip the arm back down - and you're done.- Durable CutterThe cutter stays sharp so you can easily tear off the length of tape that you need. (My cutter has stayed sharp over the 5 years I've had this tape dispenser.)- Rubber-Padded BottomThe bottom of the tape dispenser is padded with rubber mats to help protect your desktop or other surfaces from scratches.- Beautiful DesignThe tape dispenser has a modern yet timeless design so it will always look stylish.*Refills can be purchased as asingle rollor a multi-pack (3-Pack,4-Pack,6-Pack,16-Pack). As of this writing, the best deal is the 6-Pack (sold direct by Amazon.com - FREE Super Saver Shipping).This is a basic, no frills tape dispenser.It's weighted so it stays in place when you need tape so it can easily be operated with one hand. The tape holder flips up so there's no parts to lose.It varies in price quite a bit, so be watchful and you can get it at a great price.No complaints here. It does what it needs to.This is a good tape dispenser. It is good quality and gets the job done. Looks very sturdy and  easy to use.I am fairly particular about tape and believe you definitely get what you pay for, regardless if you are talking about tape for office use or packing tape. As funny as it sounds, I was glad to be offered the opportunity to try this tape and use it for packaging and other things around the house. I am a huge fan of duct tape as well, and found it interesting that I could use this tape in many of the same ways I use duct tape.For packaging and sealing boxes, this tape worked great, especially when incorporating the H style of taping a package. However, I was surprised when I was cutting the tape and it split up a couple of inches when I did not get the full cut with my scissors the first time. The filaments seem to be linear, not cross-hatched, therefore it can easily split when cutting if you are not careful.Nonetheless, I had no worries about this tape coming undone on the heavy packages I was shipping during Christmas. I also used the tape to repair a cracked handle on a Rubbermaid storage container, which I normally repair with duct tape. The tape adhered well and seems to be doing just as good of a job as the duct tape normally does.When I checked the price to see how much it would cost to buy some myself, I was taken aback at the high cost. If I buy the tape myself, I would definitely not use it for packaging stuff every day. I can buy high quality packaging tape which costs much less per roll than this stuff.  However, this tape most definitely has a place in your house for repairs or reinforcement when needed. I will definitely buy a roll when this one is gone!This is one of my best products for packaging heavy boxes.  My boxes need to be securely attached with no chance of tape coming loose.  This tape is very strong.  You can't break it easy either.  That filament is durable.The tape rolls off of my dispenser with ease.  When you cut a long strip, the tape does not go wonky on you.  It is stable.  This is best for when heavy taping is needed.I have sent numerous boxes of delicate items, throughout the country, and I know, the tape has held well with the synthetic rubber adhesive.  You can even reposition the tape if needed, and still get that durable stick.Excellent for packing!  Rizzo.For years, I used clear packing tape like thisScotch 142 Packaging Tape.  It works great, and it's probably at least as good as what large online merchants like Amazon use.  However, you may have noticed that sometimes your shipments from Amazon arrive with part of the tape torn or ripped.  Amazon has surely done the cost/benefit on all of their shipping materials, and they save money on a huge amount of tape in return for having to replace some small percentage of shipments that get damaged.I'm not an online dealer, and the packages that I send are few but unique items that I send to family and friends.  So, I want to make sure that the tape stays intact.  I switched toScotch 8959 Bi-Directional Filament Tapeto virtually eliminate the possibility of tape being torn, but after trying this tape, I just might switch again.  To me, this is a great happy medium between regular packing tape and the bi-directional unless you are shipping very heavy packages.  This tape has extra strength and protection against tearing across the width, which is the failure that I've seen in every piece of torn tape on delivered packages.  Tearing down the length is pretty difficult unless someone intentionally cuts it, and if they do that, any tape is going to give way.This tape is easier to work with and less expensive than the bi-directional, and it's strong enough to give me piece of mind when I'm sending all but the heaviest packages.  For heavy packages, I'll still use the bi-directional even if I don't need it simply because it gives me more confidence.  One note - the unused roll is thick enough that I can't quite get it to fit on myScotch H122 tape dispenser(it might fit, but I couldn't quite get it to work), but it will fit after I use some of it.Highly recommended.Mummy likes this.  [Excuse the humor] but this tape could be used to rap up mummies and keep them intact for the next couple centuries.  This is a strong, strong tape.  The only thing that defeats it is a pair of sharp shears.  However to break the tape by attempting to pull it to its breaking point would probably take one or more tons of strength depending on how many times you rap the tape.  I have used Scotch's more narrower filament tape, but this 893 filament tape is wide.  It is the width of regular packing tape.  So if you want to absolutely make sure that whatever you are taping together stays taped together this the tape for you.The Scotch Filament Tape 893 Clear, 48 mm x 55 m by 3M is very strong, and nice and thin, not bulky. The adhesive is excellent and I feel I can trust its strength in securing any package of box. Another advantage of this tape is that you can easily tear thinner strips lengthwise by hand, if necessary.Clear fiber tape lays down a strong bond. Scotch Filament Tape 893 was introduced in our Santa's Workshop last month. It's great for closing bulging packages and holding a firm grip with just a few inches of tape. It reminds me of the industrial tape inside your computer that keeps ribbons and wires in place. A little of this filament tape seems to hold very well in place. I imagine it might be useful for tool repair, and fix-it applications as well, when duct tape doesn't have enough strength. Looks better too!This tape is strong and great for shipping. It doesn't rip as easy as other non-fiber tapes. I would definitely recommend if you ship packages on a regular basis and want to secure them safely.There is no question that it tape is stronger than regular packing tape, at least in one direction.  Compared to, for example,Duck Brand HD Packaging Tape, it is much more difficult to tear this tape "cross-ways".  I've tried a bunch of times and no matter how I nick or puncture the tape there is no way, because of the filaments that run the length of the tape, I can get a tear to go all the way across its width.  That means if you wrap something in this stuff then it is likely to stay wrapped, as promised.Tearing down the length is a different story.  This tape, as with regular packing tape, tears effortlessly down its length.The adhesive seems about as sticky as other packing tapes I've seen.  It sticks very well to itself, reasonably well to cardboard, and more or less well to other materials probably on par with similar and much less expensive tapes.Bottom line, if you are going to be taping a bunch of stuff into a bundle then this might be a good option.  However if you are just sealing boxes then maybe stick to regular packing tape and save some money.Like other reviewers have said, this is very strong, durable table. The filaments make it very strong so you don't have to worry about stretching, tearing, or anything like that. It also means this must be cut with a knife or scissors, not ripped.The adhesive is also quite strong, so it will last. I'm not sure if it will leave a residue after a long period of time (like duct tape does), but it seems likely. Nevertheless, this will bond well to itself and to any other surface.Really, this is not packing tape. It's too expensive for that. But it's good for anything else that needs a strong tape. Around the house or shop, this will be handy. But don't waste it on a cardboard box.I frequently send packages to my sister and was out of tape, so I decided to give this a try. The tape seems to have the same sticking power as heavier tape with thicker fibers and is just as strong while being easier to cut through when opening the package. Rather than a few thick fibers it uses a near seamless flow of thin fibers that don't snag as easily on scissors.I have used Scotch tapes for years. This one does it's job just fine, wrapping boxes and shipping. Filaments are stong. Good product. But I do wonder about the posted price... seems very expensive, which is why I deducted one star. I received this for free as a Vine reviewer, so I'm not sure what another store's price might be.How nice to use this tape after purchasing a truly terrible roll from a well-known office supplies chain.  (Nothing worse than cheap tape that consistently splits into two separate sections as you're pulling it from the roll).  The Scotch filament tape holds even quite heavy packages closed extremely well.  This is *heavy duty* tape with very good adhesive quality.  Perfect for items being shipped or for sealing packages/boxes at home.  Two minor quibbles - the roll is quite sizable and it did not fit in our tape dispenser. It's also fairly translucent, so it doesn't work well placed over label addresses, which I generally do to seal labels from exposure when shipping.As someone who uses a lot of packing tape to send off parcels every year, I&#8217;m always on the hunt for better packaging material. This Scotch filament tape is a great bargain any way you look at it. Unlike the typical clear packaging tape, it&#8217;s interwoven with fine filament threads to supply extra strength in securing your most challenging sealing needs. No need for going over the same closure two, three, or more times as with lesser quality tapes.One secure seal with this tape is all you need to be sure that your package won&#8217;t open unexpectedly and can hold up in all sorts of challenging situations (at this time of the year, think snow and dampness), not to mention in all types of handling situations. It can take the rough and tumble of an event, like moving, for example.Best of all, you&#8217;ll avoid the waste so often associated with using tape. A single roll of this filament tape will last long after what you would normally experience with the typical clear packaging tape. It&#8217;s stronger, better, and lasts longer: clearly, a real bargain.This tape is wonderfully strong and flexible, and holds even the heaviest boxes together with grace. This is the kind of tape to use when shipping a heavy box of books to Australia with confidence, knowing the box won't fall apart anywhere en route. This tape is thicker than non-filament packaging tape, which means it can be more easily grasped and pulled off a package... though it has enough adhesive to minimize risk of accidental or inadvertent mishaps along the way. This tape adheres wonderfully well to a variety of surface materials in addition to paper and cardboard, and could make a good emergency repair tape in a pinch.Because this tape has filaments inside, it is not transparent enough to be used atop mailing labels nor anything else you'd like to still be visible after this tape is applied. Put another way, you'll still need to use see-through transparent tape if you plan to put tape over any writing on your package.This is a wonderful filament tape overall, but at times it can adhere to itself, leaving a thin strip of torn tape still wrapped around the roll. If one doesn't notice this has happened right away, a rather thick and growing stack of the-still stuck edge remains on the roll, eventually requiring its removal. Aside from this occasional glitch, Scotch Filament tape is truly an outstanding packaging tape for most any need.The roll is pricey but at 1-7/8&#34; wide and 60 yards long you get a lot of tape for the money. It works out to be about 9 cents a foot. This is the toughest packing tape I have ever used; solidly packed with filament. It also has a very strong adhesive so it stays put; if you pull it off the outer layer of the box is coming with it. This would be great for securely closing moving boxes or for shipping heavy boxes.This filament tape is ok but it's really sticky and leaves residue on some surfaces sucn as plastic and glass tha thas to be removed with soaking and gum removers. I haven't been using it very long but I'm very concerned that in hot weather or temps that it is going to get baked on.Scotch filament tape is such a handy item for so many jobs.  Particularly at this time of year when I am packing away all my Halloween decorations in large boxes, and, soon, when my Christmas tree and other holiday decorations will be stored for another year.  The tape securely holds heavy loads in the cardboard boxes.  If I use regular Scotch (or other brands) mailing tape the boxes seams are not safe for lifting and storage.This is the absolute best tape for securing items!Okay seriously &#34;I hate strapping tape.&#34; As a rule I find it annoying. I have shipped thousands of packages. I started my own wholesale candle business (twice over a decade) and I had to wrap and ship a LOT of homemade herbal candles all over the country. I have used every kind of shipping tape there is. This may be the best. I have always found strapping tape to be a PitA and a complete waste of time. The strings make it card to snap off of the dispenser and often make the ends bunch up.Disclaimer: I used scissors. I cut each strip I used. I didn't use a standard tape gun dispenser. Had I used a tape gun I probably would hate this tape.The stickiness is on the good side of moderate. It is relatively strong, but whenever you add string to tape (e.g. &#34;strapping tape&#34;) the string limits the amount of adhesion. All that said, the overall is that this is a decent adhesive tape but not one that will win any awards for adhesion. As far as using to ship boxes this stuff is great. The strips of string are around 1-2 mm apart. You can't teat this open, you have to cut it or tear the tape off completely. If you wrap a box or envelope with this it will become 99% snoop-proof. I have taped up boxes, envelopes, and styrofoam--even applied this to walls, and so far I have no complaints.I have to recommend this tape ABOVE any other plastic shipping tape. You will use less of it and it will secure your box and/or envelopes stronger. I think that is the best value: You use less and it is easily ten times as strong. It will never replace your standard low-cost multi-use tapes, like masking or Scotch tape, but for the big jobs I am sold on this.You won't be disappointed.Super tough tape, it almost makes it like the price is no object. I have been doing all kinds of shipping, where I must seal several boxes a day, and Scotch Filament Tape 893 Clear, 48 mm x 55 m (Pack of 1), does one heck of a good job. After the first use one can tell right away that this is a superior product. It simply sticks to surfaces with no problems, the adhesion qualities second to none. I know there are tapes that have an even stronger adhesive rating, but for all the purposes I have used this tape I have not one bit to be disappointed. For those who value a high quality tape, this one will not disappointing, and there is enough of it that it will last a long while. I believe that it is also resistant to tearing, splitting, curling, moisture, abrasion, and scuffing. With all these sound qualities is no surprise I am thrilled to have been able to use it, and for that I can only thank amazon.com, and I am soon to order some more.Like anything else, there are tapes and tapes to choose from, but it is products such as this one, that perform better than most, that makes the job a whole lot easier, while making the final product look as good as it will ever get to look. 4.5 Stars!The filament lines makes this tape almost impossible to tear - it has to be cut.  The adhesive is very strong without any peeling.  If you need to tape a box shut - and keep it shut, this will do the trick!It's doesn't fray, nor is it hard to pull off.  It's a bit pricey, but otherwise it does the job. Quality is there.The filaments give this tape incredible strength.  The adhesive is top quality.  Be careful, if you allow this tape to stick to itself, you wont' be able to separate it.  Cut the part that bonded, and salvage the rest.  You won't be able to tear across the filaments.  Use this on a box and you won't have to worry about the tape coming undone... it will by far, out last the box.Heavy duty filament tape. 300lb tensile. This is not so much for taping up cardboard boxes for shipping. It is more for bundling or strapping together heavy items.For re-enforcing boxes it doesn't get much stronger than filament based tape. The type Amazon typically usually uses has a small number of filaments, but this Scotch tape is significantly more robust. While this might be overkill for smaller packages, when loading big and/or heavy boxes this can be your ticket to re-assurance.Excellent adhesion, strength and overall kapow! Have used on heavy duty shipping items. Obviously I believe it is post office &#34;approved&#34; (they are a fussy bunch ~ and don't like gray duct tape), so seal away.It is rather $$$ ... so save for heavy duty mailing or whatever you want to do with it (bundling cables, bundling junk for the trashmen etc;.....).This is some seriously heavy duty stuff.Forget about tearing it apart with your hands or even with the help of your teeth.Scissors and knives are what will cut it.It sticks well, it is large and long (55m is roughly 165') so there will be plenty to do with it.In a previous review I tried out another Scotch product,Scotch Bi-Directional Filament Tape 8959 Transparent, 50 mm x 50 m.  I was impressed with the strength of that tape, but now Scotch has introduced a new "893" tape that is even stronger while being significantly less expensive.Now the 8959 tape uses large bi-directional filaments, as compared to the 893 tapes which uses finer filaments that run in one direction (along the length of the tape).  But while the 8959 tape looks more impressive, it is the 893 tape which is the strongest (300 lb/in tensile strength vs. 100 lb/in).  In use both tapes seem to be absolutely indestructible, and at least for now the 893 tape is significantly less expensive.Factoring in the quality and the price, Scotch 893 tape is a great value.How does one review a common commodity product like filament tape? Isn't one about as good as another regardless of the brand?Apparently not because Scotch Filament 893 tape is quite strong and attaches itself to packages well. I used it to mail several packages this holiday season. Oh yes, one more thing. The bane of most wrapping tapes is that the ends glue to the roll when not in use. Scotch Filament 893 tape has far less of a proclivity to do this. The tape secures itself to what needs to be secured and not to what doesn't. That's tops in my book.This is the strongest filament tape I've ever used.  Great adhesion and I especially like that it is nice and wide...  I would buy this product and I do give it a very strong recommendation.I love this Scotch filament tape. I've been able to use it for wrapping large boxes at least 20 inches or more in diameter. It is especially well made and appears to be quite durable. I recommend it highly.Wow, this is the &#34;Fort Knox&#34; of packing tape.  I'm not kidding when I imply this stuff is strong.  First, it looks serious with the thick reinforced (fiberglass?) strands...And, it is even requiring much more commitment to cut!  Next, this stuff has some more powerful adhesive so put it right where you want it because repositioning may be futile (if it sticks to itself you might as well just cut that segment off as there ain't no pulling apart option).This is my new essential shipping tool in my business (shoe retail) for boxes of six to 12 pair of shoes or boots.  In the past I had to use two overlaid centered layers of clear tape flanked by another two runs on either side to achieve even less strength than one single layer of this tape.  I absolutely love it and recommend it for shipping heavy weight stuff for which you know won't come undone until it is intended (i.e. w/ a sharp box-cutting tool).This tape has great adhesive. It is as thick as duct tape, but much more attractive and a lot stronger. If you wrap a package with this tape, you won't have to worry about it coming unsealed in transit.I personally have found all kinds of household uses for this wonderful tape, besides for packages. It sticks to every type of surface I've tried, not only paper, but wood, plastic, and metal.One thing to be careful of: This tape does not come in a dispenser, so keep something around, such as a plastic, picnic spoon or knife, to prevent the tape from fastening to itself both while using it and when you are storing it. Also, if you accidentally fold the sticky sides in on themselves when using this tape, you won't be able to get them undone. Slow and steady is the best way to use this tape.If you have any use at all for filament tape, this is a good choice. I need it for securing prints to picture frames, and it does quite well. If you are applying the tape to surfaces other than paper or cardboard, it is repositionable. It's an excellent strapping tape, and I like the length which is much more than I get with tape I buy in big box stores. I'd much rather buy a big roll than a bunch of smaller rolls.Filament tape is much more expensive than other plastic tapes, but it is also much stronger. I use regular packaging tape most of the time, switch to this stuff when I need extra security and extra durability.I need reinforced, wide tape for frequent heavy box shipping, and have learned the hard way scrimping doesn't pay when it comes to secure packaging.  I especially like 3M filament tape for this purpose.  Once on a package, it's not coming off.  It can be written on or seen through.  Most important, I know packages will arrive in the same condition as when they left the house.  This two inch size is perfect for strapping and reinforcing.3M tapes cost a little more, but you can count on superior strength and adhesion performance.  I usually get by with just one wrap around a box to feel confident the package is secure.  By using higher quality, less tape is used in the long run.  This is a big roll (60 yds), so it ought to last quite awhile.One of the main things I like about this tape compared to others I have used is that it is not overly sticky so you don't have to muscle it off the roll. It is flexible but just sturdy enough to not fold over on itself.  This is polypropylene film reinforced with glass yarns with specially formulated rubber resin adhesive.  As advertised it does stick well to a variety of surfaces such as plastic, metal, fiberboard.  I prefer using a hand held tape dispenser with this.What can I say ... if you want some incredibly strong tape, look no further!  It is perfect for boxes or anything else that needs &#34;taping&#34; ... highly recommended!This tape is REALLY strong. It's much thicker than other filament tape I've used. I used it to secure the boxes that had the Christmas presents in it - there was NO way they'd be able to sneak into those boxes!An excellent tape for when you ship heavy items or need to make sure the box won't pop open in shipping.Used this tape on a return package the other day. It was reliable, strong enough for packaging, but so clear older data could be seen through it. I like packaging tape that covers up old bar codes, company logos, and the like - as I recycle boxes whenever I can. If you are working with only new boxes, no complaints to be had!This is a strong filament tape. Good grip, not too sticky that it s unworkable. Suitable for household uses, not a substitute for fiberglass work outside.This is an excellent product. The tape is very durable, has great adhesion, and good flexibility.  It seems relatively thin but don't let that mislead you, it is strong. As another reviewer said, it will outlast the box that you use it on, and that's a very good way to describe this tape.  You can't go wrong buying this.This tape works just fine.  I'm not a pro packager, just a casual shipper of things now and then.  The tape is very strong.  It cuts easily with a fairly dull scissors.  It doesn't bunch up.  But the price is a bit off the charts.  I'm sure for half the price, I can find something that will serve my purposes just as well.  If you ship many boxes every day, this might be a worthwhile purchase.  If you are shipping a thing or two out of your home every month or so that requires some heavy duty tape, I'd get something generic.Challenge: to find a packaging tape that can withstand the sometimes brutal handling by the seasonal help at Fed Ex.Scotch Filament tape-Challenge accepted!  My Christmas packages will arrive intact with the help of this super strong strapping tape.  The strands in the tape make it tear proof but do not interfere with the cutting edge on my tape gun.  The tape is thick enough that it does not mangle and get stuck to itself before I can get it applied to the box.  And it's a nice long roll so I don't have to change it out frequently on the tape gun.  Couldn't think of anything that would make this a better product.  Go on, do your worst, Fed Ex!  Ain't gonna break open my boxes any more.  --Apologies to those good Fed Ex workers who no doubt make up the vast majority of the staff :)I have tried many different tapes and this is the best packing tape I have ever used.Also, you need less because it's super strong.Strong tape. Not very thick but impossible to rip with your bare hands. Easy to cut with a pair of scissors though. This is best for bundling and reinforcing. Adhesive is medium strength.Just in time for Christmas!  This stuff is stronger than any tape I have ever used.  Yes, I know that it is meant for heavy duty applications, but that is what makes it so fantastic for me.  I will use small amounts to seal packages that are being mailed to people that are currently on my good side so their gifts will arrive intact.  Those who have recently annoyed me will find their gift in a box that is completely enmeshed with this tape.  The package will appear to be entirely wrapped with tape.  From experience, I know how irritating that can be.  They still get a nice gift, but I get to chuckle about the struggle to open it.  Everybody wins.I tried this Scotch Filament Tape and found it to be a very good tape. The tape has long filaments that run the length of the tape and they really strengthen the tape. The tape itself is smooth going on and it is good and sticky.I tried it on some boxes I was preparing for storage and the tape made the boxes feel extra strong. I don't think I'll have any trouble with the boxes not holding up. I also had a spring pop out of the side of a rarely used mattress. I wrapped the spring in the tape, pushed it back in and then taped over the area. I don't feel like investing in a new mattress since it is hardly ever used, so I will see how well the tape holds in this situation. I admit that is an unusual use for the tape but it's worth a try.The reason I gave the tape four stars instead of five is the cost of the tape. It seems to be on the expensive side for a not so big roll. But if it works really well, it will be worth it.I love strapping tape and this is the largest size I've seen. Should keep those holiday boxes closed in transit. Guess I'll need some scissors to cut it the right lengths.This is the tape to use when you need extra security for your shipping tasks.  Glass fiber and very strong adhesive combine to assure you that your package won't be breached before the recipient receives it.  I've deducted one star from my rating because this tape is rather expensive and because the roll is too large to fit onto my tape dispenser.  But you really can't go wrong with Scotch tape products, especially when compared to cheaper alternatives. And 55 meters is a lot of tape for most users.  Recommended for those important packages.The Scotch 893 filament tape is very durable (its' reinforced with glass yarns) and easy to apply to surfaces without getting tangled up like masking tape. Unfortunately, this filament tape is not really clear like scotch tape, but more of a cloudy opaque color.  The filament tape is also difficult to tear across-even harder than duct tape (I need scissors to do the job, but that's because this tape is so strong). If you want to reinforce packing boxes, or are in need of a moisture and puncture resistant, nearly unrippable tape stronger than duct tape, this could be a good option.  I also found this tape a little difficult to peel from the roll (once you get it going,however, it peels off the roll fine).It's the Christmas season of boxing and shipping and this tape is great, an enormous amount of it and the stickiness is perfect. It doesn't stick to itself like my other filament tape does, it's just right. I even used it for my screen printing project which required a lot of taping. Good stuff, I will be getting it again, that's for sure and tossing the tape that has filaments stuck to it.Here is yet another example of 3M/Scotch dominating the field, the constant parade of new products or revised and improved one, always staying ahead of the competition in every regard is one of the contributing factors as to why I hold this company in such high esteem.And now I have a roll of Scotch Filament Tape 893, yet another in a long and varied product line which continues to innovate and evolve.I have previously evaluated and reviewed another Scotch filament tapeScotch Bi-Directional Filament Tape 8959 Transparent,cousin to the 893 and found it to be one of the strongest, most versatile and most expensive) tape in its class.The 893 differs significantly from the 8959 and other fiber tapes, while the latter has a mesh grid of fibers as a backbone, the 893 finds the fibers running lengthwise down the tape. One of the problems I found with the 8959 is that it's nearly too effective, it is sturdy and unyielding. It only gives up to a cutting edge with a reluctant, sticky sigh, and is impossible to tear or split by hand.However, the 893 can be torn by hand into strips as narrow as your fingers are capable of handling, smooth like a zipper. Very handy, and it really doesn't seem to suffer any loss of strength without the additional reinforcing. For me this is a fairly important feature, being able to rip the exact right width both saves tape and allows a more professional appearance easily and quickly. It is also of a somewhat lighter weight, and thus easier to shape and apply.Whether you are simply sealing shipping boxes or using the tape for huge variety of off-label uses, you will find the 893 to be a great addition to your hardware drawer or shipping department.I had many, many books to pack away and this tape was the perfect packing tape. It is very strong , with the right width, and held the big boxes full books together with just one strip on top and one on the bottom. While I normally use the clear plastic tape, ordinarily for heavy materials, I would have to tape the bottom with multiple strips - not so with this tape. Also whenever I cut off a piece, the edges stayed neat and trim - no filament strings hanging.This tape fit into my scotch tape dispenser and sealed all my shipping packages well when used with the dispenser. Without the dispenser, it was difficult to work with, but only because it was doing what tape should do - stick to things.This is a semi-transparent tape with glass fibers embedded which give it super strength. I use it when repackaging where staples were used before. At first I doubted it's sticking strength because it just doesn't feel as sticky as many others but in actual use it does seem to really adhere well. I highly recommend it in packing situations where strength is required such as on heavy boxes. Using to seal packages in lighter weight situations would be overkill. It's too expensive for that but well worth the price when you have the need for extra strength.This certainly isn&#8217;t as easy to work with as duct tape but goodness gracious this stuff is strong.  I cut it with a knife and attached one and a half inches of either end to the opposite ends of a strip of heavy cardboard.I then used slid the cardboard strip under two 25lb dumbbells and lifted them together with the tape.  Neither side showed any sign of the tape beginning to peal off or tear.  I then bounced, wiggled and shook the fifty pound load around to create a heavy and uneven load.  Still no signs at all of release or weakness.The hold in my hands felt as strong as lifting with looped nylon webbing.  And, that is without looping the tape&#8230; just an inch and a half stuck to either side.  Wow!This tape is hilariously strong. With a tensile strength of 300 lbs/in, it will surely withstand any application you can dream up. I've used it to secure the bottom of boxes, although it's probably overkill even for that. I moved recently and packing my book collection was a major chore. I ended up with around 50 very, very heavy boxes filled with books. Picking them up was awful, but at least I didn't have to worry about the bottoms falling out, thanks to this Scotch filament tape. It's tensile strength and adhesion are practically off the charts.You will need scissors to cut this stuff. It's not like duct tape that is weak enough to tear by hand, and that's a good thing; you buy this tape for it's incredible strength, not its convenience. It's also extremely sticky. The adhesive is considerably stronger than what you find in conventional tape.Overall, this stuff is amazing. It's way more powerful than most of us need and it's fairly pricey; however, if you need something that is extremely strong and sticky, this will do the job perfectly.This is very strong tape. I wasn't able to rip, or even put a dent in it widthwise. It is filament tape, or what I've always known to be called strapping tape. The filaments run lengthwise, so it can be ripped that way. This tape is meant for bundling/strapping things together, so I tried it on some four foot 1x2s. It stuck to itself and to the boards very well. It seems a bit expensive, but I haven't used strapping tape in years, so I don't know if the less expensive rolls would be of an inferior quality. If you want to be sure that whatever you want to strap together isn't going to come undone, I would recommend this tape.This packing tape will not tear across its width with any kind of normal handling.  It does cut easily with sharp scissors.  Unfortunately, it also tears too easily down its length.  If you are packing very heavy boxes, this should hold their bottoms together.  For ordinary packing, this is probably overkill.What you have here folks is one huge and heavy roll of tape that is reinforced with threads of nylon filaments running through the it.  However, right up front, am going to admit this is a rather unorthodox use for the product, but on the other hand people use tape all the time to fix things.  OK, this was the problem at hand.  Have a old CD player that's on the way out, and whenever I play music the songs skip like all get out.  Don't have the cash to replace.  After some strategic problem solving, realized the door of the player was not properly closing on the CD, and CDs were not secure enough to be scanned by the laser properly.So this is where this tape comes in.  Using around four long strips of tape, applied straight across the unit tightly so door closes securely, thereby holding the CD in place.  Made a big improvement, and although I cannot in all honesty say it eliminated all skipping (let's face it another factor is CDs that have been played many times and are damaged), it did make a huge improvement.Economically speaking however, price renders a very impractical solution being it costs around $3.00 less than the actual CD player.  Electrical tape, at 1/15th of the price (or less) would be your better bet) for fixing cheap CD players.  Two star off for price.  Who wants to pay almost $20.00 for tape?Like most people I have used Scotch Filament Tape for years for projects that required tape that didn't tear or fall off.Recently I got 3 heavy duty type cartons from a grocery store that had contained fruit. They were all the same size which is what I needed. Each box was packed with clothing/linens/personal hygiene items, etc to be donated and then to be shipped.  Those boxes were heavy!  I taped 2 of them together using the filament tape and then attached the 3rd box to the top of the stack using the same tape.  I probably used too much, but I know for a fact they will not separate in shipping!This tape will not tear and if it is punctured, it will not separate and come apart.  It is perfect for either a heavy duty job like I had or for making sure that package you are sending to another state arrives intact.It was also used in our home to secure a water pipe that was reverberating against the garage wall when the sprinkler system came on!This is great tape!  It's strong and it's durable and to me that definitely offsets the cost!You can't just tear a piece of this tape off like other tapes-- you'll need scissors or some kind of dispenser to get the pieces you need. It's got those fibers running up and down the entire length of the tape, but that's what makes it so durable. This is what you want to use if you have to put something really heavy into a cardboard box. The box may not make it, but the cardboard definitely will. The tape sticks to most surfaces, is strong and as mentioned in the headlines, is moisture-resistant. It's also a great value. Five stars for doing what it is supposed to do.I thought this would be more like regular packing tape, but this is heavy duty stuff. I used it to tape up some regular Christmas packages, and it was great, but I think you could probably ship a pallet of plywood with this. Certainly a bit pricey for home use. I'm now thinking it might have some use in home repair, next to the ever-useful duct tape. I'm not sure who to recommend it to, possibly suppliers of construction materials.By far one of the strongest fulfillment tapes I've ever used. My only issue -- I had to change the blade in my tape gun in order to cut it, and even with a new blade, if I didn't cut it cleanly on the first attempt, I had to grab a scissors.Edit: Not long after I originally reviewed this tape, I put together a box that I ended up not using. Not wanting to cut the tape to refold the box for storage, I just left it sit taped-up. Well, today I needed to use that box.Unfortunately what I found is that the tape was curling-up, and not fully adhering to the box any longer. It's a bad thing when a shipping tape doesn't permanently stick to cardboard, so I need to downgrade my rating.My advice is to make sure any place you use this tape on the box, you encircle the box so the tape can adhere to itself. Do not expect it to adhere very well to the cardboard.This is a nice tape Dispenser. It has a good weight to it, and I could write &#34;Office&#34; in a white paint marker all over it in hopes it won't walk off. Recommended.Old dispenser was too lightweight and moved every time tape was dispensed.  This one is much heavier and won't move when tape is dispensed.  Highly recommend.There's not much to say. This is a Scotch Tape dispenser with sand inside to keep it heavy enough not to fall off of a desk. If you've been in an office in the last century, you've seen one of these. It works with other brands of tape, as expected. I can think of no flaws of the design.I recommend to anyone looking for a more permanent tape dispenser than those flimsy plastic clear ones.works like a champ, even the cheap dollar store tape feels like its the expensive primo brand with this dispenser. A perfect balance of desktop mobility and weight stabilisation.Sturdy and works good stays put on a table. I had a good one and it quit cutting tape and I needed a new one this cuts tape very good .I like this because it is a little heavy to make it stay where you want it when you uses one hand to pull tape and cut.Very good quality dispenser and will hold up with lots of people in the office messing with my tape and product.I'm happy with this.  It was what I expected.  In the past I've had some of these in beige or cream color.  They are made to last and they will last forever if handled properly.Great product I really like this tape dispenser it is heavy like i thought it would be am pleased with my purchase.Nicer,  neater, and so much easier than those cheap plastic rolls you buy in the stores and once you buy the dispenser it really dose not cost much more for refills and you get more tape of better quality.This tape dispenser does exactly what it is meant to do. It is no frills, but the tape moves freely as it should, great help in warehouseI really like this tape dispenser's weight so it doesn't move when i pull on the tape.  The unit has a good cutter which allows one handed use as I work.  Other units were too light and required two hands to get the tape needed.Don't be fooled by the great price! This weighs as much as your standard high dollar dispenser and it works great! As well it looks very professional too! I recommend getting this item!This is the basic tape dispenser that has been around for years. It is weighted and doesn't move around during use.  My only complaint is the center piece for the tape.  These over time get lost and usually thrown away with the empty tape roll.  However, this price is unbeatable and makes this a superior value.The 1" wide scotch magic tape I wanted has a 3" diameter core. This dispenser is for tape with a 1" diameter core. I had to buy a more expensive 3" diameter office dispenser (which I really like)Its nice. There isnt a whole lot to say about this product. It does what I expect from it. Buy one.I put my tape into the dispenser, and the dispenser dispenses said tape.  What more could you ask for?  The price was great too!You can't lose with this tape dispenser. It works great and everyone who uses tape definitely needs one of these things. The best thing is the price. I've just added another one of these to my shopping cart.SKU codes and product pages change all the time, so I'll avoid linking to what might soon be a dead product here...but buyers should be aware that Scotch is constantly bundling a free dispenser with six or twelve tape refills, often 1000 feet per roll, for a price that is pretty much the same as what you would pay for just the tape.Don't inadvertently leave this dispenser a box in the garage for 5 years.  The glue on the bottom will dry up, releasing the cover and spilling the sand that gives it the ergonomically correct weight for yanking and cutting off tape.Other than that, for me it's the same great, completely uninspiring product that it was in the '80s, the '90s and the Aughts.It amazes me that people buy tape by the single, disposable-dispenser included roll.  You'll get maybe 300 feet and pay as much as you would for the larger refill that fits onto a unit such as this one.  Bought separately, this unit pays for itself after the first one or two refills used.Have used this one before, maybe have 5 or 6 of them, and would buy another if I needed it.  I like the rubber that stops it from sliding on table tops.I purchased my first Scotch tape dispenser in 1974 and it lasted for 37 years.  It was built like a rock- solid composition, almost as heavy as marble.This item cracked and started to spill out sand after it was bumped on the countertop. It is constructed of 2 pieces of lightweight plastic glued together with sand inside to weigh the dispenser down.I only paid 2.50 for the item, no big loss, but I would of preferred a more durable unit even if it costs more.This tape dispenser is not heavy. One cannot remove tape without holding the dispenser. Fortunately, I have one that is 40 years old that IS heavy. Don't buy this one no matter how inexpensive it is.This is a quality tape dispenser. I have used it in my office for over a year, and I am happy with it. I do not use it daily, but when I need it, it works well. The teeth cut the tape easily. The best part of the dispenser is that it is heavy enough to work as a good paper weight (I have even used it to hold down the flaps on a box that wouldn't stay closed -- I know, I could have taped it, but I didn't).The dispenser also has two rubber pads on the bottom which keep it from slipping or moving around a desk (so you can easily pull a piece of tape with one hand). -- Sometimes it is the little things that count...This is a good, value tape dispenser. It is basic, and not flashy or fancy. But it gets the job done.I always see this at teacher's desk and in my office. I finally decided to get one for home, even though i don't use it much. It is very well made and hard to find anythign wrong with it. Does its job well.When I purchased this dispenser it was only $2.49!! Don't be fooled by the price. It's made with plastic and filled with sand or some other material so it has a nice weight to it. The bottom has some pads for traction. Worth more than I paid for it.It's not easy to find correction tape any more, now that people don't use typewriters. We have found that the this kind works better for correcting legers and other record-keeping files than the liquid correction fluid that brushes on. Nice to find a two pack!This correction tape is a standard in my art work.  I create original mandalas but often either make a mistake or change my mind about a particular piece of the mandala design.  I carefully lay this down over the unwanted line disappearing it forever... leaving no copier lines to contend with.  It takes a bit of practice to cover curved areas, but it is possible as there is such a good lay and lift control with this little baby.Then I use a copier or projector to place on either paper or onto canvas, etc. resulting in the intended art piece.  This is most needed for mandala construction as it is a tedious, detailed and exacting 'work' (which I dearly love the process).Love this stuff!  Sure wish I had it back in the 'old days' with it was really liquid correction liquid in a bottle!  I've tried Papermate and other brands and find this to be the best quality.  Highly recommend.Have been using this product for years. It is very reliable and does a very good job on covering your mistakes on the paper. Highly recommend it.These work great and are much quicker and easier to use than the old liquid. Plus they last long and you don't have to smell strong ans toxic fumes while using it.In comparison to the Big correction tape, these run wide. For correcting small areas or typos, this would cause more grief than good. If they offer a skinnier tape, buy those instead.The design of these particular tapes is such that if you have text in more than one line, such as I do on my desk calendar, and try to use it directly underneath the line you just &#34;whited out&#34; the plastic on the dispenser will scrape off what you just covered.  For me this is a deal breaker as it completely undermines the purpose that I had in mind when I purchases it.I read all these reviews, and since I've been using these white out things a lot recently for note taking, I figured I'd get this.  I'd been using the BIC version of this since that was in my grocery store.  Anyway, got this for the reviews here, was excited to try it for how positive people were.  It doesn't roll on as easily as the BIC, it makes a scraping feeling that's like the chalkboard effect (strangely uncomfortable, don't know what it is), and it rubs off too easily.  Go with the BIC.This is the BEST dry "white out" type product available. I have used many different kinds, but this one beats them all by a mile.My office staff love these. They work perfectly and are very useful. They just run out a little quicker than I would expectTHIS is the correction tape to use.  The Bic that I bought I had to throw away because it kept tearing and there was no way to rewind it.The Paper Mate works every time with no fuss.I have tried other correction tapes; but being a lefty, I found them difficult to use.  I had to hold them in my right hand in order to place the tape on the paper properly.  That didn't work very well, because I am just not right-handed.  When I saw Liquid Paper correction tape with the grip on the top and the tape at a neutral angle, I had to give it a try.  I will never use another correction tape again.This correction tape can be used by both right and left-handed people.  I don't have to struggle to do it with my right hand.  It is easy to use, the tape comes out without any problems.  I don't have to wait for it to dry and I don't have any problems with the tape coming unraveled inside its case.____________UPDATE:  When you buy Dryline, watch for the size tape and length.  This tape is narrower and shorter than another Dryline tape.  It works just as well, but you'll need more strokes to cover taller letters or bigger font and you'll run out of tape faster.This tape works better than the liquid. The liquid often dries out in the bottle or clumps on the page. The tape works fine if you are very careful not to twist it or break it.I've tried them all and these are the best performers.So far, I'm not liking this correction fluid very much. It's either goopy or too thin and the sponge applicator doesn't allow for an easy flow. I prefer the brush applicator or the correction fluid in a pen.For me, I have tried many brands of correction fluids over the years and found ALWAYS that Liquid Paper is superior to all of them! This Liquid Paper Smooth Coverage Correction Fluid is the easiest to use yet! And what I like is that is is plenty think enough to correct handwriting or typeset. For example: Last week I had to white out some text and then scan it into the computer so I first let it dry well, then I scanned it and I could not see any marks from the Liquid Paper in the computer scan. So then I copied the original paper and it was perfect.So if you are searching for the best quality and easiest to use correction fluid for home, office or school, this is the one you want!Highly recommend this to all!For some reason  I have a lot of trouble with the dry correction tape.  It breaks, or stops, or just won't cover well enough to over write.  It may be the type of paper they use in checkbooks, or just my bad mojo, but I ordered the liquid paper through the Vine program, and I've been using it; the same, reliable liquid paper that I used years ago, and it's still wonderful!I do recommend it for anyone.  Especially for anyone with bad mojo!!Update: Aug 2012 - 0 stars nowWent to use some of the white out I had bought a while back and it was very runny - when it dried, it faded and had to use 3 layers to try to cover. It also left a sticky residue that stuck to anything it came in contact with.Very disappointed and frustrated. Tried several of them and the same for most so far.Not sure if it was just the later batches that I bought, or if it is because they are several months old (though unopened).It was changed a while back and made into a 'fast' drying white out - which had reduced how long it lasted and how quickly it dried out.But now it is New bottles that are runny and faded, and sticky.----I was using another product but decided to try this one based on the price $5.96 for 3.This one didn't clump with multiple uses and lasts, unlike the other one that would clump by the next day and lasted for only a few uses. (this one does clump once it is getting close to the end but that takes a while and has covered quite a bit - like pages worth)The one thing I didn't like about it was the lid. It is hard to get opened because of the smooth rounded surfaces (I have hand problems), but maybe that is part of why the brush doesn't getting gooky like others do.Much smoother and longer lasting for me.One wish would be an option between wide brush and a smaller brush. One can use the edge but a little harder to maintain within a very small area.Update 2011: this product has been changed. It is much faster drying, but must be closed quickly. And doesn't last as long.I don't buy Liquid Paper often...I don't make too many mistakes but, when I do, it's nice to have Liquid Paper available. It is about the best correction fluid I've used...it goes on smoothly, dries quickly and covers typing or writing errors completely. It's virtually invisible on copied documents.One note for longevity and not having it "clump" is to replace the dipper as quickly as possible not letting it dry out. If you have a large area to correct, be as quick as possible, re-dipping (maybe even mixing/shaking) to saturate sponge tip or switch between 2 bottles so you don't allow dipper to dry and cause clumping.The coverage is excellent.  The felt tips are much better than the brushes.Great control for even a small dot touch-up.This really is fast drying correction fluid. Very helpful for everyday use. A nice bright white color that effectively covers all mistakes - at least the ones on paper - can't vouch for it correcting life mistakes, though.After years of using the correction fluid pens, I have reverted to the bottles. The only difference is that nowadays these do not come with little brushes like they used to back in the day, but foam applicators. This actually helps with applying the fluid more precisely and is an improvement of the original design. I cannot, however, comment on the longevity of the foam applicators - sometimes applicators like these crumble over time. I simply haven't had these long enough to know whether these dissolve over time as well.Compared to the pens I prefer the bottles. The pens dry up quickly and also tend to dispense watery fluid first when using them after a longer period of non-usage, despite shaking them. The bottles work a lot more reliably and quickly than the pens and I would but these again.5 star ratingVery economical for the pack of three - for home and office useWould recommend to anyone looking for an economic pack with good pricingEven though correction fluid is an anachronism in its day, it is still useful and worthy of a spot on anyone's shopping list.  Unlike some brands, Liquid Paper actually covers the subject matter quickly, with one swipe of the foam brush and dries quickly.  It has been several decades since last using Liquid Paper as a typing error corrector; however, neither of us has forgotten.how to use it.  Today, I use it for masking attempts at routine household maintenance projects such as covering a nail hole in the wall or marking the USB logo on a wire so that I do not continue to fumble with the difference of right and wrong.  I put a small dab on the logo and wipe it off immediately, before it dries, and the logo is readily seen and my mood does not alter.  Bottom line:  Super handy 'tool' for various household jobs and above all it works well.Couldn't find liquid white-out in any stores (guess people sniff it, huh?) so felt that Amazon would have some.White-out, as always, whites out any mistakes.I also used it to paint out a blotch on my wall which had it's paint peeled off.We've got four kids in school, so there are lots and lots of projects and reports being done at our house.  We count on Liquid Paper to correct those errors we discover at the last second on a huge poster with glued on pieces, or an errant comma in the middle of a printed page.  It saves time and money over having to reprint or glue over top of the mistake.We really like the sponge applicator tip, because it comes to a point and allows the user to apply a tiny dot or to wipe out an entire word or two.  The brush type never did as good of a job with application.  Plus, Liquid Paper doesn't dry out in the bottle as quickly as White Out does.  Both brands seem to dry evenly fast, but Liquid Paper almost never needs a second coat to hide the mistake and it allows for writing on top of it that will match the surrounding ink.I was happy to find this 3-pack here on Amazon, cheaper than buying individual bottles even at Walmart - IF we could find this brand in the half-empty and disorganized shelves.What can one really say about "white out?" It cleans up messes made by mistake. I like the product.This product has worked better for me than other manufacturers' white out fluid or tape (in fact, none of the tapes has proven convenient or effective).  The bottle doesn't dry out after several months of non-use, and the applicator is slightly more on the mark than brush applicators with errant bristles.  I see that last time I ordered the product, I was able to purchase the same fluid except in a dual "pen and brush combo" bottle directly from Amazon Prime.  The "2 in 1 Pen and Brush Combo" (made by Sanford) is still available, but not from Amazon.  So unless you simply adore the versatility of the combo bottle, it becomes somewhat cost-prohibitive to purchase.  Not surprisingly, this 3-pack version of "non-combo" Liquid Paper is the most popular such item on Amazon, since it's available at a low price through Prime.It's somewhat surprising that the product remains in demand since, like the audio LP, the VHS tape, the music CD, and even the secretary, the uses for white-out have become scarce.  They used to be popular with secretaries, in the days with these valuable colleagues (now called "administrative assistants") typed up exams, letters of recommendation, etc.--all work that is now stored in and cranked out by faculty members' own MS Word programs.  But some of us who write or copy music still find the software programs slower, at least in the long run, than writing, copying, transcribing the scores by hand.  And in the rush of deadlines, mistakes get made--and not simply a few.Not much one can say about correction fluid...but this is better than the Wite-Out brand that I used before. I use a ton of correction fluid as a college student, and so I like to have one of these at every workstation I use for schoolwork.  As far as performance goes, this fluid goes on more smoothly, seems to dry just a bit faster, and covers a tad more opaquely.  Bought in a pack of three, the cost was reasonable on here.What can you say for small stuff? Did it work on Micheal Jackson? Maybe cheaper. I am sure this is Government required for this country.These work beautifully in office work, neatly and easily whiting out whatever you want to write/type over.They're also very handy for editing a basically good book that has things you'd like to change or delete: bad grammar or syntax, typos, redundancy, porn or vulgarity, politics, religion, or anything else you don't really want to be beaten over the head with in a novel, etc.  Editing your own books can be kind of fun.No matter what you're using it for, however, about half-way thru the tape it starts to get temperamental.  Sometimes it works smoothly and sometimes it takes some effort to get them started.  I've come to the conclusion that, since they're not too expensive, I'll just get extras and pitch them once they start to act up, because I really do like them- when they're working.It is white out and that is that. not very high quality either, so be careful when you are whiting out something because the clear tape could break easily... should have just went to staples. LOL I guess I did get it in 2 days so I cannot complain.Works well, priced right.I have used all the products out there and this is just okay.  The tape system used in these BICs is not exact, so if you are trying to white out something exact, like a checked box, this tape is very hit or miss at getting it right.  Sometimes you get too much, other times you get not enough.  The price is right, but for exacting work, use something else.I picked up several of these when they were on sale because they were BIC.  The first one was nothing but a pain, and the tape kept breaking, much like a cassette tape and just as useless afterward (for those of us who remember cassettes).  I thought maybe it was just a problem with that particular one, but I've been through all of them, and they were all just as bad.  If I managed to make it halfway through without the tape breaking, the white stuff began to flake off the clear film on most of them also rendering them useless.  As much as I put the fluid type corrector at the bottom of my list, I'd rather use that than use these again.  Don't waste your money.I've bought 4 of these now, and each one has malfunctioned after one or two uses. Nor am I able to put the things back together because they are so cheaply made. I will never buy another Bic Wite-out again, nor do I reccommend you waste your money. Wite-out never responds to complaints either.I have never used correction tape, instead purchasing the liquid form of corrector.  However, after seeing how easy it was to use (and not as messy or clogged like the bottles get), I decided to try it for myself.  I was very pleased with the ease of use.  The correction tape doesn't skip or get caught in the container, so it works well every time.Poor new design, it breaks, it has no screw for rewind. Tombo Mono is a better brand, it still has the screw for rewind. Bic has no way to open or adjust the tape.It is not very user friendly to operate. The correction itself is good and not messy, but to get this started and figure out takes time. You need to be skilled. I wish this was easy to operate!The only white-out I use anymore are these.  Good price on internet and buy several at a time so don't get frustrated when they run out.It does its job and was shipped before its expected date. Every once in a while, the white tape will adhere to the plastic ribbon, but I guess that's to be expected for these kinds of correction tape. For the most part, it glides on smoothly without too many wrinkles.This dispenses well, which isn't always the case with other brands.  I have had much better success with it and will continue to choose this brand.I use a lot of colored ink for my math homework notes and needed some correction tape so I blindly bought this off amazon for the good reviews.There were too many times where the tape would actually rip and shred while trying to use it. It would do this so much that I would go off on a tangent and try to go over the same spot again and again and again trying to get all the tape to work properly which it rarely did.I went to a local store to see if any other brands of correction tape was available and found a blue colored BIC correction tape. It worked beautifully. Very smooth and proper function where the tape doesn't shred and starts where you want it on the paper.I definitely recommend the BIC brand over this one. Save yourself the pain.I returned it twice, thinking that it was just a lemon...but this brand is not good.  Find another brand instead.This correction tape worked for about 60% of the tape, then it got caught and neighther of the 2 that I bought were usable after using 60% of them, so its hard to give a strong recommendation. I was using it all in one shot so maybe that made it more difficult, I don't know. This is my feedback on this kind of tape.I have had no issues with these misfeeding, there is a bunch on the unit, I would recommend this productOne reviewer said this, "If you're tired of pencil erasers going 'stale,' not erasing, smudging, and ripping the paper, then buy these. They work great and last long." I completely agree.I have pencils with white erasers that go dry, I have a white eraser from a dollar store that looks like these, but it smudges.There may be a rival to these but you can't go wrong with these. I used these on a book with very thin paper, and they did erase the marks thoroughly.Stop using those cheap red erasers. Put down those pencil erasers down. Use this Staedtler eraser. Now!I can confirm and agree with other reviewers and countless people (who haven't reviewed this) that this eraser is indeed one of the best.The eraser has a smooth feel and consistency when erasing. It's not rough and does not destroy the surface that is being erased. For the most part, it can handle any erasing job.Immensely useful for drawers, artists, students, teachers, everyone. Anyone can benefit from this phenomenal eraser.Staedtler Mars eraser has been the go-to eraser for artists for decades. It is still the best. Crafters will even carve on them to make stamps. You can not beat this product for quality.I've never used a better eraser ever.  I may be a snob, but it's so much more enjoyable to use these than any other eraser.Erases fast and effectively.  Feels great, meaning it doesn't give that nails on the chalk board feeling.  I can't describe it but it feels really smooth and silky to erase things.  Leaves the paper in very nice shape, which is great for erasing mathematics multiple times until you finally get the right answer.  These erasers have actually saved me a lot of work from having to rewrite homework or notes because they became illegible or ruined with eraser marks.The 4 pack is a pretty good value considering how expensive they are individually.  A four pack for $9 versus one for $4.Just found out my local art store next to school (Blick) sells them for even cheaper.May 2013.The Staedtler Mars eraser is widely (if not universally) rated as the best pencil eraser available.While listed in the Staples catalog, I could not find them in my local Staples store. I should have saved myself a trip. Office Depot does not even list this eraser.Keep in mind, this eraser is listed on Amazon in at least two different places. It is listed as a SINGLE eraser priced at about $5.00 (as of May 2013) or you can buy this same eraser in a 4 (four) pack at about SAME price - $5.60 total (again - May 2013) and that price is not only for four erasers but also includes free shipping.This is a no-brainer. Four of these fine erasers with free shipping costs only $5.60 (and remember there is no minimum purchase required to get free shipping on this particular item). Why you would even start your car to look locally for these erasers?A true best buy consisting of an excellent product, sold at a very low price and delivered to your door for free! That deserves a five star rating.I bought "Magic Rub" by Sanford, White Pearl, also by Sanford, and these Mars erasers and tested them all on ordinary writing paper to see which would be best.  This removed the marks with the least pressure, without smudges, and left the least eraser residue.I also use tracing paper quite a bit to transfer images for soft-block carvings, and this eraser does an excellent, clean job.So while it is unfortunately the most expensive of the latex-free erasers I tested, it is the best and worth purchasing.These things are great!  I have never had an eraser erase so cleanly, and my kids like to press hard when they write(they make the teacher happy, too!).  Leaves behind only minimal eraser pieces that are easily brushed away.  Also nice that they are latex-free since they are kinda sticklers about that at our school.I've even been using it on marks on my painted coffee table and it doesn't hurt my paint.  Kids leave marks in the darndest places, andMr. Clean Magic Eraser Cleaning Pads, 8-Count Boxtake off the paint.  This hasn't damaged my paint yet.  They last a LONG time, but I'll definitely be buying more, and recommending them too!These are the best erasers ever created! I use these all the time for homework and anything else that comes up.I work as an engineer draftsman for years and this is the best pencil eraser I know of.  It is very effective and works really good.  It does not crumble into thousand of tiny bits and pieces which is a mess to clean.  Instead it just rolls off smoothly on the paper.Will not tear the paper as some hard erasers usually does.  A bit more pricey but lasts a long time.This is by far my favorite eraser. It does an excellent job erasing pencil marks and does not leave smudges. The pack of 4 is great since I keep one in my art case, in the office and kitchen.These last for years and do not crack, disintegrate or dry out. When they get a good workout from lots of erasing and the surface turns dark, just rub on a clean sheet of paper until the white surface emerges.Definitely recommended.Also, if you are in the market for a good sharpener, you might consider theStaedtler Tub Pencil Sharpeners double-hole sharpenerwhich is the best pencil sharpener I know of.PROS:- Effective at erasing pencil marks- Lasts for years without deteriorating- Priced rightCONS:- noneThese babies get the Job done!! I will stick with these erasers for as long as I need an eraser. LOLThese are great and as good or better than they were decades ago.  Erasure lines are clean.  The residue sweeps away without trace.Pink Pearl is well noted for a clean sweep when wanting to do a good job on a mistake made with a pencil.  They hold up down to the last nubbin and Expect NO Less from Paper Mate.I'm a prime member so the price was good when I was buying supplies and I got the two day shipping along with it.  They certainly erase even on my sketch pad quite nicely.  I suppose some do in fact smudge and make a mess of your paper, however, I don't get a big smudge mess that has me throwing paper away.  And what can I say I hate the shedding all over the place but what eraser doesn't leave a trail of pink flecks behind.  Overall good experience with purchase so 5 stars.I strongly remember these precise type of pink erasers from elementary school.  Instead of listening to my class assignments, I'd try to stick the corner of these erasers up my nostrils!  Luckily I only managed to push them up there part way- not enough to cause sinus issues or anything, hehe.  The outcome of my little shenanigans is that these erasers smell much stronger to me than they would for the average person who uses them.  Other times I'd chew on them like a dog and spit eraser particles all over the room.  You see, I had a hard time paying attention to my daily assignments so I had to find ways to entertain myself... and eraser munching just shows how bored I really was sitting in the same darn seat every darn day.  Those were the days.  Anyway these erasers are guaranteed to last you a really long time.  I mean REALLY long time- as long as you don't give in to biting or sniffing them, just one eraser should last a whole year.  With 3 erasers... do the math (since I can't).  3 erasers equals a really long time.These are the original brand of erasers I remember using since the days of elementary school. Always reliable and of good quality. Other brands I've tried come close but still doesn't beat the original.The only problem I have with these erasers is that they tend to leave a lot of dirty residue. This has to do with the type of erasers not the brand. Hi-polymer erasers are much cleaner to use. But for these type of erasers you can't go wrong with Pink Pearl.These are great pencil erasers. They break up cleanly to erase markings, yet do not crumble in larger chunks like cheaper erasers do. They also have good use when applying screen protectors to LCD devices - to get out air bubbles.What can I say about these erasers. They do their job like a pro! I like PaperMate brand and won't go any other brand. Being available on Amazon and at comparable prices to our local stores, made school shopping a snap!Ominous Title, right?These are fine, just normal erasers.  Nothing great, nothing terrible.  Depending on when you hit Amazon, you might or might not be getting them cheaper than your local office supply chain.  But really, do you want to put on your pants, spend your time, and burn the gas needed to go get these, or do you just want to click a few buttons and have them show up at your door.Lazily recommend buying.I bought these erasers for my 7 year old daugher for school. She loves them very much and it erased off her mistakes on her homework very well.These earaers don't smear, and don't seem to crumble or leave a lot of eraser residue behind which is nice.Works like its suppose to not much more to say about erasers but it was decent and for the price I couldn't pass it upI always buy these brand erasers, so I know they will be good and they last long as well!!!! Good buyThey erase pencil writing, and they do it well. I wish they could do more than just erase pencil marks. There are people I wish they could make go away. There are mistakes in my past I wish they could erase. In particular, I wish they could erase one weird night with this woman I once knew back in college. They can't. But they are very, very good at what they can do, which is erase pencil writing from paper. Pair them with a high quality pencil, like Dixon Ticonderogas, and you are prepared to become a serious novelist or poet, or just jot down a simple grocery list. But do not be deceived by the name. Despite being 'premium erasers,' I want to reiterate that they cannot erase people you don't care for or mistakes from your past. You'd need someone like Don Corleone or Tony Soprano, or maybe Dr. Who for that. Still, I highly recommend these erasers.The price of these erasers was great, and the convenience of home delivery (we bought other school supplies at the same time, in the same order) was even better. These are good, name-brand old-style school erasers, not the cheap crumbly junk that you find so often for sale in school bookstores.I can't live without these exact erasers.  I have to have one nearby where I jot notes so that I can easily fix my mistakes.  It's the best eraser ever, and I find my pencil erasers don't last at all.  They get hard, or break off!  So this is handy.  good price too!The eraser is first to go on a pencil so it is good to have a supply of rubber erasers.  My wife is also an artist and can use these erasers to touch up sketches that she makes.They erase the pencil marks from a #2 pencil with ease. The mechanical pencils erase more cleanly. I haven't tested these erasers with any other pencils, because #2 is the only pencil we ever bother to buy. I prefer these to the pencil's own built in eraser, because they're a lot more solid, and can clear a line of text rather quickly. Perfect for accounting, when you're using pencils to ensure that you can correct your mistakes.These pink erasers have stood the test of time.  We have bought some crummy pencils with useless erasers and have needed and used these every year.  Yes, we ONCE made the mistake of buying an off brand--do not compromise.  Just don't bother.  Others will smudge or break apart or tear your paper.  The size of these is great too--many traced or pencil drawn projects need to be gently erased before they're turned in, and these make quick work of erasing even large posterboard projects.  Two pink thumbs up!There are no other erasers that work this well that I've ever found since grade school in the mid 70's.  I stopped using pencils decades ago, but now that I have a son in first grade, I've found the need to have them again in my life.  He's a typical first grader that has to erase as he does things, and the erasers on the ends of pencils are, as they have always been, a joke.  Other erasers that try to emulate these are usually much stiffer, harder, rip paper easily, and just smudge things more than they erase.  And the little pencil capper erasers that you can put over the end are a joke, they bend and flop, and as you use then, ultimately you end up with a tube rather than an eraser, and if you're not careful you end up with the metal edge of the pencil end cutting into the paper and ripping it anyway.These are easy to hold, especially for a first grader.  They're incredibly inexpensive (especially via amazon prime with free shipping) and they just WORK.  Period.  Better than any other eraser I've used.I bought these while back to school shopping here at Amazon for literally a few cents. It was very convenient that they come in a 3 pack since I have 3 teens.These are about the best erasers you can buy. They erase all pencil without smearing the lead on the paper. The erasers last a long time and will not tear up the paper. If you're looking for a good eraser - this it it.Hard to "review" an eraser really, as it has one simple function. However, all are not made equal. Some don't fully erase without really rubbing the page several times, or pieces of the eraser easily crumble. This eraser does neither. A good solid eraser that doesn't crumble easily. In fact, it's pretty much the eraser type, I think, that I used all through school and college, that most of us probably used.I bought these classic erasers from Amazon when a special price was offered. The erasers now reside at the learning center that employs this potato head. The Pink Pearl erasers come in handy there since the erasers on the ends of pencils are short lived.  I like that these PaperMate erasers have wedged ends that help with fine control.Others tell me that the erasers work smoothly with no smudging and no pink residue left behind. Of course, some eraser dust stays behind, but that can easily be brushed aside with a sweep of the hand.Amazingly these exotic (made in Malaysia) erasers have a faint rubber smell. I used the erasers a few times myself so that I could have firsthand experience with them. Since I seldom make mistakes myself, most of my experience with these fine erasers is necessarily vicarious.Short and sweet:These are MUCH, MUCH better than the "Achieva 144-count" pencil toppers.USES:=====> * Erasing stuff.=====> * Plugging your nose when you have an awful cold.=====> * Plugging your ears when your wife's being a pest!EXCELLENT product, fair price.The Arrowhead erasers are made from a very good quality material.  They last and remove pencil marks cleanly and easily.In addition to the traditional use of erasing pencil writing from paper, I use the erasers for several other chores.*Cleaning leatherEraser removes minor scuffs from leather shoes, handbags, and coats.  This saved me a lot of money from not having to do professional cleaning.*Clean off crayon marksA visiting toddler made a drawing on my wall, I had trouble removing it until I tried an eraser which worked!*Remove scuff marks from wood floorsOne pair of my winter slippers leave black marks on my wood floors.An eraser takes them off without damaging the floor.*Cushion picture framesSome of my wall hangings seem to have a mind of their own and keep moving slightly askew. I glued the tips of erasers to the bottom corners of the frames and the picture now don't move, hang perfectly, and leave no marks on the wall.A have a wall clock on a shiny finish painted wall.  The clock would get adhered to the wall for years, even though the painting has been done years ago. I glued a tip of erase to the back bottom of the wall clock to create a bit of a space between the back of the clock and the wall - problem solved!*Remove residue from stick-on labelsI use erase to remove the gummy substance on book covers or picture frames left by the price label.  This works better than soap and water. Eraser just peels them off without damaging the item.Arrowhead Pink Cap Eraser is great!  I recommend it.Ali Julia reviewThey do a good job erasing. My crummy built in pencil erasers weren't cutting it and these do the job very well. Plenty of erasers at a good price.These are high-quality erasers, durable and effective, erasing with little dust.Be aware that a pack of 144 is a whole lot of erasers. If you are not a school teacher or the supply purchaser for a large office, this package will probably last you the rest of your life unless you have friends and/or family to share them with.These erasers are much better than the brands I find at Wal-Mart and Staples. They're not as colorful, but who cares? They don't break off the first time you try to use them, they don't smear lead around instead of erasing, they fit snuggly without falling off, and they last much longer. So glad I found these!Although these eraser caps seem sturdy, I've been disappointed that they seem to split about as quickly as the thinner no-name variety that I purchased in the local dollar store.A lot of times, this type eraser is all dried up when you get them.  These are nice & soft & do the trick properly.  I will put the rest in a plastic baggie so they don't dry up by the time I get to the last one or just share with the neighbors.144 erasers to sit on the crowns of pencils!  aaah!  my only criteria were that they fit snuggly and they didn't smear, a problem common among inexpensively crafted erasers.  well, these fit tightly and didn't smear!  my daughter's only criterion was that they tasted good, which she reported that they did (BUT I DON'T RECOMMEND ALLOWING THIS).  for the price, these were very nice.  144 erasers is a lot for 1 or 2 kids, unless they make as many mistakes as i do.  a box of 144 erases ought to last a classroom of kids most of a school-year.  this is a great purchase for schools, PTAs, parents with large or error-prone families, offices in which non-smudging is a criterion.  i give everything a grade and i give this product a grade of "A-".The Pink Cap Erasers do their job effectively, without damaging even the cheap recycled paper. The pack of 144 is a good quantity if you and your kids sketch and erase frequently. They economically save the life of pencils.The erasers work well. My only issue is a couple have split down the side and are no longer useable on a pencil. The do erase well though. I do recommend them based on the fact that you get a lot of erasers so a couple split ones aren't a big deal (to me).Have 2 kids going through the schools.  I wish I'd thought of looking for these erasers in Amazon before they went through endless packs of Staples erasers.  These are actually better.  They erase well.  No glazing or becoming smudged.  Tighter fit on the pencils as well.4-25-2014 edit:  After a few months.  Some of the erasers are splitting down the middle.  It is happening to at least 1 out of 3 erasers.  Am I or my kids bearing down on it too much?  Maybe.  But it is laughable to have to walk on eggshells to use the eraser.  There is still a boxful left.  Will see what happens with the rest of them.These erasers do not deserve only 2 stars (my choice would be 3), but I put it there where it will not be lost in the 5 star reviews.  Buyers be aware.Elmer's School Glue is a product designed with youth in mind. This adhesive product has been around for several decades, is teacher- recommended, and is the glue of choice for those under the age of seven. The reasons for its popularity are many, but chief among them are the non- toxic properties and the fact that this glue can be washed out of clothing. These qualities make it the perfect choice for youngsters who like to make crafts but tend to get a little clumsy with their handling of adhesives.Adhesive ability is an important quality in any glue and in this respect, Elmer's School Glue is good, but it cannot bond the way other, more powerful glues can bond. Of course, the product is intended for use by young children so there is really no need for it to be an all- powerful adhesive product. For its intended use (gluing paper, cloth, etc) it works perfectly fine, so there should be no problem with items becoming unglued over time. It can be used to glue other things, like wood, but the bond may not be as strong and the time to dry is usually longer than with other glues.Elmer's School Glue requires only a small amount of glue for bonding paper, cloth, and the other items for which it is intended. A thin layer is all that is required to complete the task and the application of the glue can actually serve as a learning experience for many young children. Kids will eventually learn to squeeze out just the right amount of glue and learn how to spread it out just right. Depending on their age, some youngsters will overdo the glue, but there is nothing to worry about with Elmer's School Glue. It cleans up more easily than other glues and it washes out of clothing, so there is nothing to worry about.Kids love crafts and parents love peace of mind. Elmer's School Glue brings both sides together with this classic adhesive product. It is inexpensive, easy to apply, non- toxic, and cleans up with relative ease. It may take a little longer to dry than other glues but the peace of mind it brings to parents is easily worth this minor inconvenience.If your school requires the school glue, then this is your best bet.  However, if they don't specify "school glue," be sure to get the Elmer's multi-purpose glue over this one.  The school glue doesn't adhere as much as the multi does, which can be important for all those different projects that the kids do during the year.  Plus, it's better for use at home after the year is over since there's more to glue than just paper in the normal household.  It's great for what it was intended, washes out beautifully, but again, if you're stuck between the two, go for the multi-purpose and it washes well too!The reason Elmer's glue has been around for so long and is such a commonly used glue is because it works exactly as needed.Cant say to much most all of us know it's glue it works and Elmer is best brand in my opinionI've found new ways to do crafts with this and I LOVE it! The dollar store has generic 2 for 1dollar but 88 cents free shipping is very good.Didn't know Elmer's made different glues... this one I purchased is clear.  I love it... One bottle lasts me for years... that is why I was suprised to find Elmer's came in different types.  Works great for me.I always have this around the house. For minor repairs and projects it can not be beat. Easy clean up.For two years I have fallen for incredible deals on other brands of glue. I buy at least 50 bottles of glue each year for my classroom. I have tried glue from two big box stores and two major office supply chains. I have also bought other craft brands. None of them compare to Elmer's Glue. To be honest, it is not actually the glue that I am reviewing - it is the BOTTLE. No other brand makes a bottle that compares to the bottle produced by Elmer's. I can pull out my box o' glue on Monday after hastily putting away the 15 or so bottles on a Friday and find a few open bottles. With Elmer's, you close the bottle, pick off the little dried bit of glue, and it's good to go. All other bottles would be ruined. The Up & Up (Target) and Staples brand bottles I tried this year clogged within an hour of opening. They stopped working WHILE being used. Many times, the entire top popped off, sending glue gushing forth to form a big puddle of goo all over some unfortunate child's project.I've had enough! I just bought 30 bottles for the rest of the year, and threw out all the other bottles of glue in my classroom.I usually send my unused glue home with the children each summer, but this year I will keep these bottles and order the gallon glue refill next fall.No more knock-off bottles!!I generally prefer the children to use glue sticks.  However, that is not always feasible.  When they need to use a wet glue and I worry about the mess, they use Elmer's Washable Glue.  It is nice and thick, not runny like some generics.  A neat dab stays as a neat dab.  It's not as tacky asElmer's All Multipurpose White Glue, 4 oz. (E372), which can be frustrating to the children.  Washable glue is basically good for gluing objects onto paper, where it can sit for a good long time to dry.Use Elmer's Glue All for adults, when tacky glue is needed.  Use washable glue for children, when mess is a concern.I have been using this to paste labels on tons of packages. I buy/sell lot from ebay and Amazon Marketplace and have been using this glue exclusively for past several years. No issues and love it.These &#34;Oxford Ruled Index Cards, 3 x 5 Inches&#34; are fairly thin but certainly thicker than standard paper. These are blank on one side and have the normal index card lines printed on the other.These work well for my needs and were very inexpensive.Recommended!CFHThe colour is a nice crisp white. The lines aren't too dark. The heft of the paper is like that of a standard index card. For studying, they're useful for flash cards (I cut mine in half, so that I can pound through an entire chapter without opening a new pack). What else is there to say?I just keep purchasing these.  Quality is perfect for what I need, and the price is too.  I've been through HUNDREDS of them.  Can't go wrong with these.****I am looking for the best index cards available, and in the process tried these out. These are officially called "Oxford Esselte Pendaflex"; in some places they are only called by one or two of these labels, but they are all the same card. They are much more expensive than others, so I had high hopes for them.PRO: These cards are absolutely fabulous for fountain pens. No feathering, no deep absorption (with subsequent widening) of line of ink into the paper. My work involves exclusively fountain pens, and it is hard to find a card to accommodate them. The surface of the card is not coated, so it works with any type of pen or marker, and I am delighted with this.CON: The cards are not as thick as I'd hoped. They are not flimsy, just thinner than other index cards. I couldn't find any info about whether or not they yellow with age, so I think they probably do.I think that these are still pretty good index cards and if you don't mind that they are a tad thin, you will be pleased.Recommended.****What can you say about 3 x 5 index cards?  They are useful to jot down notes and a handy size.  I wish the card stock was a little heavier but these suffice.  They arrived quickly and await my notes.  They are lined on one side and blank on the other.These are nice index cards, but a little on the thin side, but for the price that i paid, i cannot complain.  The delivery was prompt and they were shipped 2 day via my prime membership.  Thanks Amazon.It's no going to cure cancer, it will not erase the tax deficit, and most importantly, it won't introduce the real CharlieSharpie still seems to make the best permanent markers. They have a good selection of colors and the tips hold their shape well when drawing or writing on plain paper.I like to give these to the waitresses at my favorite restaurant. They tell me they get better tips when they draw colorful hearts or smiles on the tickets compared to using a plain ball point pen.sharpies are always the best permanent markers you can ever use on anything so yeah ; can't beat it !I buy these markers to label and date foods at the restaurant, so it makes it easy to recognise how old something is, and what it is, in spite of the opaque containers we use for food storage. They put up with a fair bit of hard use, from multiple people at the same time. A box of these markers will last me about two months. The dark blue shows up nice and clear from a distance.I use my fine point Sharpies for writing on almost everything.  They are very handy, and I have never had one fail me.They are great for marking cloths, or even folders.  This is by far my favorite brand.I feel very comfortable recommending these.Great performing red markers, my old one finally ran out and the "backups" were seriously old, so I purchased these as replacements and to give a few to others, they have performed great, but hey it is a Sharpie, they always perform great. I would definitely recommend the Sharpie line of products and the price for this dozen red sharpies is just hard to beat, free shipping too though prime.I bought a box of these to use on CD's and other objects that need a permanent pen.  They are marked as fine point, but I would say they are medium.  I had bought Sharpie's ultra fine point pens a couple years ago, but find them too fine.  Now what?  Can't seem to find a good in between version.  Maybe another brand.  Any suggestions anyone?Gave five star rating:I liked the pricing and quality of the product.Would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for quality at an economical priceWe use sharpies around our house for about everything we mostly use black and we buy them by the box of twelve. We also use red, brown and blue. We do use a lot of these blue ones and we have actually found that they are great for marking prices on tags for garage sales. The ink is permanent and when it gets wet from a light rain it doesn't smear or run into the piece of merchandise that the tag is stuck onto. Just mark the tag before you stick onto the item as the Sharpie ink can go through a single thickness of paper. What I like about Sharpies is:* They last a long time* The ink dries fast* The ink is pretty much permanent but you can wipe it off of things like CDs with an alcohol swap. (the sooner the better)* With the shape of the fine tip pen you can write a thin line or bold by using the side of the pen nib.* The ink quickly dies and then it is smear proof which is good for stacking piles of disks you are making to back up your photos or marking the recovery disks for your PC software.We write the purchase date on stored food items or medicine bottles and boxes to always use the oldest first. We also mark the spare packages of batteries with the expiration date to use the older ones first. There are limitless uses for these permanent marking pens. We have used other types of pens but the Sharpies have the best pen tips and last the longest. Just keep the cap on after you are done. We love these pens and they are in every drawer of the house. They are also great to mark the outside of boxes for storage or for shipping items and writing the RMA numbers or address on the outside of the box.These are great pens and we use then a lot and like them. I recommend them to you.This listing was posted as a pack (of 12)  sharpies, but was shipped as single sharpies. When customer support was contacted, they reported that Amazon made the listing mistake and they (the company) were not responsible for this error. The quality of the items were good, but overall this was a terrible experience.These are a must at work.  Always labeling, or sending notes the require a permanent marker.  The price was exceptional.It is not easy to find a marker that will mark plastic without smearing all over the place.  I needed to draw and color green circles on 144 plastic eggs (made Yoshi eggs for my son's birthday party).  Yes, the Sharpie did smudge if I wasn't careful.  However, I found it to be quick drying, and most of my eggs turned out nicely.  I only used one marker and it lasted the entire project without drying out.I looked everywhere and this is by far the best price per dozen markers I could find.  Now, the price may change but I paid $7.50 for a box of 12 markers.  Genuine, new, the real deal.I have these in red & black, and couldn't live without them at this point. They show up so well on a wall calendar. They don't write TOO thickly, but just give a great, deep ink to the page without smearing. I find that the ink dries quickly. They don't bleed through my checks, check register or calendar. But my wall calendar is laminated- on a thinner, smaller paper calendar, it's possible the ink could go through to the next page. The box of twelve is wonderful, as I can then put two pens of each color in my desk's pen cup, in my purse, in my folio, in my living room & also in my kitchen (for labeling & dating food that I store) & one of each on my calendar. Every pen is always a winner in the box- none of them are ever dried out, write scratchy, or are too faint. Even rollerball pens, my second favorite, don't write as well for me. Also, they seem to be easier for my arthritic hands to write clearly in- if I have to use a ballpoint or rollerball pen, my handwriting isn't nearly as legible.The only pens I like to write with are PAPER MATE FLAIRS.  I usually prefer the black ones, but bought a box of blue to supplement my stash of black & I like them very much.  Great value pen and I love the paper-to-pen feel of these as I write.  Habit, I guess : )Just remember this is water-soluble ink.  If you write your heart out and then get caught out in a rainstorm, you are utterly and completely DOOMED.Great value; like being able to buy them by the dozen; thanks again, Amazon, for expanding our procurement options; highly recommended value!If using these Pens to draw the illustrious prince of fire, then they do not hold up as well since Paper Mate changed the old formula. They used to be great art Pens but they are more water-based ink now so it isn't as dark or pronounced.Okay for regular use though, but I don't like them as much now since it looks like a watery ink.If using these Pens to draw the illustrious prince of fire, then they do not hold up as well since Paper Mate changed the old formula. They used to be great art Pens but they are more water-based ink now so it isn't as dark or pronounced.Okay for regular use though, but I don't like them as much now since it looks like a watery ink.I have been using Flair Pens since the '70's. My Father used them all the time.These flair's seem to hold up better. The points don't seem to get too mushy like the old ones did.Flair's are STILL my favorite pens.I work as a special education teacher in a girls' high school.  Many of the girls have difficulty writing because whatever caused their learning disability, has also caused difficulty writing, and a tendency to have their hands cramp up when they write for a long time.  I've seen this in several of my students as they struggle with ball point pens, gel pens, and plain old pencils.  Their hands cramp up.  So I purchased these felt tip pens so that they wouldn't have to bear down so hard, and Voila!  It really helped them to be able to write a little longer without getting cramps.  The students are really pleased that I found a way to help them with this problem, and I'm really happy that I could do something else to help ease their difficulties.  The markers write smoothly as they ever did with a minimum of pressure, and as long as they are capped when they're not being used, they last a good long time.  I just have to caution my students to be sure that they write lightly, because these markers just don't need the pressure that a pen or pencil does.  I'm really pleased with this product and will purchase them again when my present supply runs out.most useful writing instrument you can get.YOu will never believe this but recently on the border here while travelling with a Washington Post reporter, we got confused as to whose pen was whiose as they were both Flair'sbest pen builtuse thembuy in bulk, although they rarely wear out.just do not throw it in with the laundryI love these pens.  They write beautifully and consistently.  Nice dark, smooth texture.  I only wish they were clicking. Blue and black are both great.Love these pens.  In fact, I want to order more.  I use these in class--actually, I allow my students use them for the final copies of their political maps. They work great.I prefer felt tip pens as I am a nurse who works with the elderly. These pens are easiest for them to handle and the felt ink easiest to read.These are reliable pens.  They last a good while, and they always work.  I have had bad luck with most other pens.Cons:  the ink runs with water.  Not for important contracts.You may have used these as a kid, and they're even better now.  All worked on delivery, clean, crisp lines, with good color that lasts....and cheap.I do a lot of technical-type diagram work, and I run through a few boxes of these per year in a couple of colors.  I find these to perform a little better and last a little longer and cost a little less than sharpies.  Oh, and these don't bleed through common copier paper.If you were buying these individually, you'd be lucky to get 3 or 4 for the price of this 12 pack. Buy in bulk and save, yeah baby! The King Size sharpies are bigger than the good old smaller size sharpies, but don't let the King Size name fool you. These are not crazy big, just bigger than normal.This is a nice 12 pack of markers.  They have the quality you have come to expect from Sharpie and they mark dark and thick.Not sure what I can say about a package of markers.  They arrived on time and worked okay.  wish they were cheaperGreat product. These markers are very capable for heavy commercial use, they do not dry out quickly and have been run over by forklifts and keep on writing, even though the metal casing is crushed.  I would not use these in an office without good airflow because the fumes are very strong.  Much cheaper on Amazon than at the local store!We used them for staining our grout... due to a website suggestion. They work great! I could not believe the ease of them either. They covered the dirt and disgusting filth that could not be cleaned from the previous owners of our house.I've been trying to mark corrugated boxes for storage and the chisel point creates and inconsistent line on a corrugated box.  I'm sure it would be beautiful on poster board, but I don't need it for that.  I used to do calligraphy so I don't really think I have a problem with skill with a chisel point.  A lot of people use these markers for boxes and I would like to see the nice, neat lettering I'm actually writing with.  I've been using Sharpie King Size markers for years without a bit of trouble and I guess you can't get then now without the chisel point.  So, back to Marks-A-Lot.These pens are what they are meant to be: felt porous pens, indeed. They are very good at writing, drawing, doodling, etc.You should know *this*, though: these pens are very bright in color, much like highlighters. That might be problematic when writing something you might want to go back and re-read afterwards, or when using in a notebook, later to be turned in to a teacher.The colors are much brighter than it seems. It might be a selling point for you guys. To me it was a bit of a bummer.Nice! Like the design, but if you apply lots of pressure when you write, these aren't the pens for you because the tips get ruined :(I really like the way the pens write and I like the vivid colors, but the ink ran out extremely fast.  The pens are greatly over priced for the amount of use they provide.The pen tip is great, it requires very little pressure and writes stable lines. About the only complaint I have is that the inks are not water-resistant. I would not write an important note with these pens.I bought these to use with my new Erin Condren planner.  The colors and bright and really stand out on the planner.  They write about a medium tip, not too thin and not too thick.  Makes writing in the planner fun rather than drudgery!Here's a pack of 12 Sharpies --- the best markers under the sun --- for less than $9. Now THAT is a good deal. I love Sharpies, and especially like it when they are reasonably priced, like this set.I use this marker on my socks.  I write an &quot;S&quot; on the bottom of each sock to make sure that no one else attempts to claim them.  Wash after wash, the letter is still there.I also use it to write in my school books.  I'm in college and books are very expensive.  I write my name in all of my books, as well as on my notebooks and disks.I have accidentally gotten this on my hand more than once.  I just wash my hands with soap and water.  It may take 2 or 3 hand washings to get it off.These markers are also great for posters because the line is thick enough for poster board.These were just as expected the typical good quality black sharpies and came with 12 which was great for the office.Still a great product after all these years. One might say that a marker is a marker, but they would be wrong. I have used many other brands and Sharpie is by far the best. Most others do not even compare.I was used to the regular sharpie that kind of spreads out after it is used a couple of times. This one doesnt work that way it is very fine. I use it in place of a regular pen. The only time that is a problem is that it can bleed through paper easily. Great markers.This is a box of 12 fine point (meaning, bullet tip) black sharpies. They write on most anything and are wonderful for having around the house and crafts and everything in between. There are a few issues: they do bleed through thinner papers, so unfortunately they aren't good for writing a lot on paper (class notes, letters, etc.). They tend to dry out fairly quickly. And finally, because the Sharpie permanent is a solvent ink, sometimes it *will* dissolve the surface under the pen tip (especially anything with a coating or paint or gesso) and while you can write with the pen on the surface for a while, the pen will get gunked up and be useless after that use.But it's still the best permanent black marker on the market, and I love the way writing and drawing with these feel and look.Shapie markers are simply the best permanaemt markers for just about any use. We use them for making quick signs in our shop, putting names on clothing (on the inside), and in the woodshop to indicate cut lines.They are also pernanent, so some care should be taken.Highly recommended!I use these Sharpie markers to color in the alopecia areata spots on my brunette head. Just move the long hair out of the way, and smear this on the fleshy spots. Works well for spots up to 3/4 inch; I have found that spots larger than that size tend to color in poorly and appear like somebody used magic marker on my head.I have tried eyebrow pencils and Marks-A-Lot brand, but both of those run in rainstorms. I have streaks of black like ruined mascara down my neck when I have hit a downpour with those products. The Sharpie, conversely, stays in place and doesn't ruin my neck or my clothes.When you first put this on, smudge it around with a paper towel; it has a working time of approximately thirty seconds, after which it cannot be blended on your skin. If I have a particularly nasty outbreak of &#34;pecia&#34;, as we call it, I will have my wife apply to the back of my squash because there are so many spots that I cannot see them well by holding a mirror to the back of my head.I will note that there is a faint odor of magic marker from this product for about the first hour or so after one applies it to their head skin. If there are plans for a dinner party, unless you want the hosts to think that you were wearing an advertising sandwich board all day, you might want to apply the Sharpie long before you leave the house.When I sweat, the marker does get slightly mobile. What do I mean? If I lay back on a pillow, it will stain the pillow. This is particularly important, once again, at the dinner party. You will want to avoid high backed, upholstered chairs.Finally, I have never had a lack of hair re-growth from the toxicity of this product on my head. Seems as those the nascent hairs, typically white in color, do not mind the daily bath of Sharpie. I have not experienced yet any ill effects such as loss of memory or dulled ability for computations, but I will update this review should that occur (and I remember to update it).I got through these like the world is ending tomorrow. I use them all day everyday. Culinarians use them to date everything and label everything.The Sharpie markers are doing its permanent marking job very successfully but what is more important you can use them on all sorts of materials - on paper, CD, DVD, most plastics, metal, wood, cardboard...The markers are comfortable to grip, sliding is easy, they contain a lot of ink, color is vibrant and sharp, and it dries fast.What could make the difference about its durability is that they can last longer if you regularly put the cap back every time you finished using them.Due to their versatility and good pricing I could recommend these black markers as well as color ones for your office or home usage.You'll get twelve of them in package which means for a long time you will be able to be carefree.We use this pack of sharpies in a restaurant, along with cheap masking tape, to label all the food we make, so that we know that everything stays fresh. One sharpie will easily last us about three weeks, because we're using it constantly, so this particular box of sharpies will last us a good long time before we need to buy another pack. Excellent price for an excellent product.What can I say...these are black markers, not as fine as I wished for, but fairly non-toxic compared to some.  They last awhile and a package of 12 makes sure I have enough around.  They came in handy on moving day.Great price...Prime shipping. The standard in permanent black (or any color for that matter) markers. Definitely a go to writing implement at both home and work. I use them to label anything and everything. Two of my most frequent uses are labeling CDs I burn and laundry items. The ink stays on these items forever and continues to look crisp after years of use and washes (for the clothes only of course).Good strong solid permanent pens that never fail you, unless you leave the cap off for an extended period of time.These markers do a great job.  They write on everything as long as it's dry and free of oil.  Great.I use Sharpie Fine Point Permanent Markers for lots of things -- but I especially like to use them for writing checks. The concentrated black color provides, I feel, a measure of security. And, because so much of banking today is done on line, when you want to see a canceled check on your bank's web site, this ink makes the details that you've written easier to see.They are also great for addressing packages. Once again, the ink gives an extra degree of security.These are good pens!We buy them by the box!  Does anyone ever remember what we did without Sharpies?  I would rather use a Sharpie than a pen.  We use them in several pen tip sizes and we buy them by the box of 12.  Each pen size has its own benefit but they all feature permanent ink for most surfaces.  The fine tip is good for marking on boxes and writing on CDs and DVDs you make.  The ink is permanent, fast drying and water resistant but you can take it off some surfaces with rubbing alcohol. (Especially right after you write on something with it like a CD.)We write the purchase date on stored food items or medicine bottles to always use the oldest first.  We also mark the spare packages of batteries with the expiration date to use the older ones first.  There are limitless uses for these permanent marking pens.  We have used other types of pens but the Sharpies have the best pen tips and last the longest.  Just keep the cap on after you are done.  We love these pens and they are in every drawer of the house.Don't know how people lived before Sharpies were invented! Mine are multi-use, but I mostly use them for labeling envelopes. I send a lot of parcels out and using a pen to label them just doesn't seem the ink stands out enough so I use Sharpies. Don't know what else to add except that I buy large quantities of them and keep them all around the house.A must at the office.  Everything requires labeling with a permanent marker.  don't know how we would function without a SharpieThese markers (I wouldn't use the term "pens" for various reasons) are definitely permanent.  You write with them like on clothes or something, and it's there for the duration.  They are fine point, which means they write a fairly narrow line, but it's not superfine (Sharpie makes a finer line marker if you want it even thinner).  The pens don't write forever, you have to replace them after a while, and keep them out of the sun or they will dry up.  If the cap is left off for a day or more, kiss off that marker.  The caps fit well, and they protect you from getting the ink on something (like your shirt or whatever) you don't want marked.  Overall I would say they are a reasonably high quality product.  A dozen will last a long time if kept in a cool dry place with caps on.I didn't give it 5 stars because I want one in an industrial ink model the samea s these originals. All to often the ink washes out when you need it or fades out too. Sometimes that's what you want but when you don't an industrial ink would be lovely. I know the Extra Fine Sharpies come in both regular ink and an industrial version. That's what I'm talking about Sharpie....then again what's not to like. We buy extra fines, wide and chisels and fine and ULTRA fines even. NO real competition out there.You could wonder why anyone would wax enthusiastic about a pen, but Sharpie fine-point markers are outstanding for a huge variety of applications.  They write on plastic freezer and storage bags without smearing.  They write on 3M Post-It Flags neatly and with the fine point you can actually write small enough to write something useful.These markers also seem to last a long time if you take care to cap them as soon as you are finished with them.  You also need to be careful not to get the tips wet or to damage the tip, but as long as you do not drop the pen on its tip it is reasonably durable.We have tried a lot of different pens and markers for writing on plastic, and have had limited success.  Many pens seem to take forever to dry or will not mark on plastic.  Magic Markers work, but they are too wide and have an unlovely smell.  So far Sharpie permanent fine-point markers avoid these problems, and provide sharp print for nearly all labeling needs.  In fact, I will warn you that you should take care what you write on, because once you have used the Sharpie, it can be nearly impossible to get the ink out.Other Amazon reviewers noted that the Sharpie permanent ultra fine point markers come in handy as an artistic tool and as a permanent marker for bags like the ones that that store food in your freezer--and they are right. This pen is able to do a wide range of things regarding labeling, drawing and even writing on glass, foil and rubber. Excellent!The Sharpie black ink is excellent quality and it will never let you down; these pens last a good while. It's economical to buy them in a twelve pack, too.One drawback to these pens--the ink becomes nearly impossible to remove once you've written on tape or drawn something on paper. Think of that before you use these to write and draw! Another caveat: don't use these to write on media like blank CD-Rs and blank DVD-Rs. The ink eventually will seep through the thin upper coating of the disc and then compromise your data, music or video stored on that disc. (In fact, don't write with anything on the actual discs.) Also keep in mind that although these are called "ultra fine" markers the ink is much thicker than a fine tipped ballpoint pen.The ink in the Sharpie ultra fine pens stays fresh just so long as you close the cap completely before putting the pen away. Be sure to do that or the ink can easily dry out.Overall, these markers by Sharpie are probably some of the most versatile pens out there. Sharpie calls them a marker but you can also think of them as a pen.Use them in good health!If you order this then you probably know what you should get.  These are the classic markers and at a decent price (wish I shopped costco first, unfortunately).  Fair deal for a good product...What's in a name? Sharpies get the job done. It seems funny writing a review about permanent markers, but the Sharpies work better than others that I've used.The Fine Point seem much better to me than the duller point markers. It makes the writing more elegant, less sloppy. The ink lasts fine too. They're handy because they have the clip on the cap which make them easier to take around in a shirt pocket than the larger markers.Sharpie has been around for a long time.  The quality & reliability continues.  We have been using this size Sharpie for many years & is still the most chosen size in our shop.  They last a long time too (don't dry up too fast).They're pointy, black, and permanent.  Exactly what you'd expect if you're ordering these markers.  If you need a bunch of them, buy in bulk rather than single packs at regular brick & mortar retail stores.The "Sharpie Fine Permanent Markers" make a fine black (really black) line on almost any surface, and it's water proof. It will write/draw where a pencil or a ball point simply skips over. It's a perfect companion to the "Sharpie Extra Fine Permanent Markers," when the line simply isn't bold enough. The only drawback is if you're sloppy in their use. My hand (or clothing) sometimes have black marks that stay on for a long time, except on clothing, which doesn't wash out -- ever!Being single, I may go to extremes sometimes, eg., marking the center bottom of big bed sheets as "bottom," or marking work/paint clothing as "shop, paint, yard." These notations undergo many washings with little, if any, fading. I even mark all of my tools (garden or shop) so the honest individuals will make sure and get the tool back to me. These markers will mark on painted surfaces, steel, aluminum, copper, etc.These work fine but I found the point to be a little too fine. Would have liked them a little thicker.Sharpie is the standard. They write and last. I used them whenever I need clear permanent marking like addressing packages or putting identifying markings or notes on possessions. They are great in all these applications and don't run in the washing machine!But, I mainly use them for labeling CD/DVD disks I burn. Why does the marker matter for that application? Read on...I've heard that some permanent markers have solvents in their ink that can damage the top coating on CD or DVD disks. This is a big deal. I think most people don't realize the reflective coating is on top and read through the clear plastic on the bottom. If this top coating is damaged it is very bad. That's why the marker matters.My Sharpies keep my CD/DVD's clearly marked and readable.This is why I give Sharpies 5 stars. I hope this helps.These are good markers. They write permanently, they have a fine point, they are made by a brand name company,and they are not a bad price.Sharpie markers have a place in almost everyone's life. It makes sense to buy them in bulk as they do run out of ink and the tips loose their point over time. I found the price for this dozen pack to be the lowest and they cost out considerably less than the smaller packs.this pen is better than your $50 cross pen, plated in gold and given at graduation. make a note of the ball point or the gold nib on some other pens and see if the process of pen-revolution hasn't begun with our friend Sharpie. inexpensive, well made. sold everywhere. runs a light or thick dark line good for letters and artistic drawings. travels well without exploding on airplanes or losing ink in embarrassing ways. i use Sharpies for writing notes, sketching everything from fine art to Surgical Drawings i sell to make a living. ink runs out consistently in an even flow. enough said.I have been using Sharpie pens for over 20 years -- they seem to last forever. Great ink, the point does not wear to a nub if used properly over its lifetime, and the colors are excellent. I love this specific pack because I illustrate, love primary colors and find that these pens are just the ticket.If you like Sharpies as much as I do, you also look for the best prices possible. This is a very good deal, and the pens last forever, assuming you don't eat (or loose) them. Try this set. I am never without a set of spares.Having this variety of colors makes working on posters much better. These are also good for writing on white t-shirts.How can you go wrong with Sharpies?  These things write on anything and seem to last forever.  Having more colors to choose from makes it even better.Beautiful colors, better price than walmart, and GREAT for writing on CDs and such!I lovelovelove these markers!I have Sharpies in fine and medium points and red and blues, blacks I buy in dozens, the red and blue 2-3 at a time.I decided to add some more colors, been using them for at least a half century. You can buy cheaper I guess but these work, and keep a sharp tip so when you label something it looks good, from first use to last.I love having Sharpies around and this colorful little kit is real convenient. I use them for marking just about anything I want marked permanently.I've used Sharpies for years and often, the same Sharpie for years! They last for a long time, have a great dense color and write on a great variety of materials.We use them on backpacks, freezer bags, Ziplok bags for toys, to touch up items that color has worn off in places (like our black dishwasher front panel and shoes) and just about anything you can think of. It sticks to and stays on everything. So as long as you only apply it where you want it, then you are in great shape.It does bleed through if going on regular paper so be sure to put something behind your paper if using these markers.The addition of all these vibrant colors makes for a great variety. We just used them on a capital campaign display to write messages on paint sticks. These were perfect and when put together on display, made a great impact of color and brightness.I don't think I would ever buy a different brand of permanent marker.Perfect permanent markers--thin enough to write on anything, do not bleed through the paper like cheaper brands do, great selection of color--how can you go wrong?  Solid quality merchandise.Great for various project and gives you the chose of various colors and will be permanent  and last for the distance.Sharpie PERMANENT Markers are not only classic markers but they write on abso-frickin'-lutely EVERYTHING!This COOL, NEW 12 pack fine point includes the standard black, red, blue,and green, but also includes orange, purple, brown, yellow, aqua, lime green, turquoise and cranberry. These splendid markers also come in chisel tip and ultra fine TOO, if you prefer fatties or skinnies!Beautiful, vibrant colors that you just can't beat!Happy Marking!Sharpies are the bomb. They are great for writing on CDs, stereo equipment, posters, footballs, plaster casts, you name it. Colorfast and waterproof, there is almost no surface they won't write on, other than water itself. Now available in these awesome vibrant colors, too!It's really hard to beat Sharpies, and these did not disappoint.  Several months after buying them, they are still working great with vibrant colors.A wonderful and colorful product of Sharpies, really useful and convenient for some people. Now keep in mind most people only use a black-ink Sharpie as that is the most applied ink, this pack contains only 1 black ink Sharpie. This I think caters more towards the artsy and hipster crowd.Pros:1) 12-colorful Sharpies neatly packaged2) InexpensiveCons:1) No Twin-Tip! The Sharpies are all single tip (fine point), though to be fair the product picture and product title does indicate that "Sharpie Fine Point...". I would deduct a star for this, but seems unfair because product title and picture do show these pens are "Fine Point" and not "Twin-tip"...2) Perhaps products' could be made more applicable if they added a second black-ink Sharpie, considering it is more used than any other color. To be honest I haven't even used some of the other colors yet.Overall, a good product.These fine-point mutli-colored Sharpie markers are wonderful, but do not overpay. Multi colored packages of 5 Sharpie permanent fine points are available for less than $4 --- with no shipping. Sharpies are great products, and last forever. Still, watch your purse.Probably the best permanent marker available and a decent price when on sale. Needed multi colored permanent markers that were water resistant, and sharpies did not disappoint.My wife is an artist and she introduced me to Sharpies. At present, we have one of these five packs of multi-colored pens with the fine point and I've been using the blue one. It's real handy and does a nice job of marking. My greatest use has been for labeling CD/DVD discs, and it's excellent. My wife lately has been making labels for containers which we use for storing things in the garage. There's no end of uses. We appreciate the permanent, non-fading aspect of the ink. All in all, Sharpies are an excellent product and very handy to have around the house.Gary PetersonI've been buying different types of these for years. They always seem to perform past expectation. They write on anything and always last longer that I thought they would.I don't buy these often because they last long...These are my favorite, having a firm, sharp tip. Great for CD labeling, file box labeling, posters, or just writing...very versatile. The price is decent here on Amazon and delivered right to you. A very good purchase with many uses.Most people have the regular sharpie permanent marker, but if you try and write anything remotely legible with it, the tip is just too big (that's usually never a complaint). The Ultra Fine Point is great for writing where you don't have much space, but it can be a little thin. The Extra Fine Point is a little thicker than the Ultra Fine Point, and it's great for addressing boxes/labels/etc, where you have more room to write. Of course Amazon sells these only in a box of 12, so I'll be set for another 10 years or so until I need to repurchase.I needed something to write on my customs labels that wouldn't run in the rain if the Postal Service leaves a parcel on a porch.  This fits the bill.  I wrote on the label and ran it under the faucet and it stayed true.  Exactly what I needed.I have always used Sharpies as far back as I can recall, and when they finally came out with extra fine markers, I was thrilled.  I like to use these on plastic covered notebook dividers and can remove the ink with nail polish remover (or acetone) the next year for a whole new set of tabs.  The ink never smudges, even on this shiny surface, and the pen is very fine and lays down a good, clean, dark line.  If not for the nail polish or acetone, it would be impossible to remove the ink from this shiny surface.  I have used it on other surfaces, and it is definitely a PERMANENT marker that will not wear out at all, even in the wash.  I highly recommend these markers to anyone who wants a very fine point and a definitively permanent marker which CAN be removed from some surfaces, depending upon what they are.These extra fine markers are fine as far as writing with a slim handwriting, but I wish they came in more colors like the fine and ultra fines do.I like the sharpies, they hold up and last a great long while.  I have never had any issues with them.I use a lot of these I lose them as soon as I pick one up, but they are the best for a permanent penWe buy them by the box! Does anyone ever remember what we did without Sharpies? I would rather use a Sharpie than a pen. We use them in several pen tip sizes and we buy them by the box of 12. Each pen size has its own benefit but they all feature permanent ink for most surfaces. The fine tip is good for marking on boxes and writing on CDs and DVDs you make. The ink is permanent, fast drying and water resistant but you can take it off some surfaces with rubbing alcohol. (Especially right after you write on something with it like a CD.)We write the purchase date on stored food items or medicine bottles and boxes to always use the oldest first. We also mark the spare packages of batteries with the expiration date to use the older ones first. There are limitless uses for these permanent marking pens. We have used other types of pens but the Sharpies have the best pen tips and last the longest. Just keep the cap on after you are done. We love these pens and they are in every drawer of the house.I have attached a photo of the three pen tip sizes we use and a line draw with each one to help you decide which size to buy, we purchased all of them.These are perfect for marking a fine line on physical objects, such as metals you are using for fabrication. Also good for writing on &#34;tags&#34;.Sharpie has been around for a long time.  The quality & reliability continues.  Extra Fine has a ball-point pen tip size. Versatile.The "Sharpie Extra Fine Permanent Markers" make a fine black (really black) line on almost any surface, and it's water proof. It will write/draw where a pencil or a ball point simply skips over. It's a perfect companion to the "Fine" Sharpie, when the line simply isn't fine enough. The only drawback is if you're sloppy in their use. My hand (or clothing) sometimes have black marks that stay on for a long time, except on clothing, which doesn't wash out -- ever!Being single, I may go to extremes sometimes, eg., marking the center bottom of big bed sheets as "bottom," or marking work/paint clothing as "shop, paint, yard." These notations undergo many washings with little, if any, fading. I even mark all of my tools (garden or shop) so the honest individuals will make sure and get the tool back to me. These markers will mark on painted surfaces, steel, aluminum, copper, etc.These are fine point permanent markers - which you likely know.  For me, my penmanship is very dependent on the pen.  These are fun to write with - you just need paper of a reasonable weight - and I find that these help me have more legible, aesthetic handwriting.  I'm sure I'm not alone, but I write &#34;long hand&#34; quite a bit.  Songs, poems, notes, etc.  I like to use these pens as well as the Sharpie regular writing pens - medium blue are my favorites for those.  So, as I said, for me - unless I'm in a hurry - I go for getting ideas down, but also for improving the attractiveness of my writing.  So, function & form.  Anyway, these pens help me do that.Great pens, and this is a great price through Amazon.  Only gripe about these is that they're not super long lasting.  The regular Sharpie pens (the non-permanent ones they came out with a few years ago) seem to last forever.  THese, much like the fatter Sharpie permanent pens, have a more limited lifespan, but then again they're not necessarily made for extensive writing.  Still great, though.All my creations start with a Sharpie Ultra Fine Point and a yellow legal pad. I know of no other way to get the images that rise in my head into the "real world", and following the initial "idea" stage, Sharpie helps me work out the perspective and the composition, keeping up with me at a fast pace and supplying a constant flow of ink; Sharpie takes my abuse in stride too, as I'm heavy-handed with a pen.The Sharpie Ultra Fine Point is also excellent for line drawings, and ideal for making greeting cards.Once my painting has been completed, Sharpie once again is called into action, to label the slides and photographs that I take of my work. Sharpie Ultra Fine Point is the only pen I have found to clearly and without smudging write on the tiny space given on the edges of a slide.After the picture is framed, Sharpie is perfect for writing the title, medium, etc., on the back of the piece, and once you're famous, you'll need lots of Sharpies for signing autographs.I buy Sharpie Ultra Fine Point pens by the box, and always make sure I have plenty to spare. Sharpie is indispensable for an artist, having many uses, and filling many needs.My daughter and I love to write with Sharpies. We do lots of projects and we are always needing black.These are a great marker option. They have the ultra fine point so that you can use them to clearly read something that needs to be permanent. The ink is waterproof and holds up well.These are great for what they are. Yes, they can leak through the paper if you're not using thick stuff, but that's the type of pen they are... very inky, bold, & black... but being "ultra fine", they are also "pen-like". They can also be used to write on many more surfaces than just paper.Plus, at the time I ordered them, Amazon was selling them for a good price.I can barely see ball point ink on paper these days, and forget about pencil output.  That's why I use Sharpies.  Both fine and these ultra fines are the only pens I use.  Shopping lists, notes, addressing envelopes, and writing checks are all do-able for me with a Sharpie.  Life would be harder if I could not get them so thank goodness once again for Amazon.This is a box of 12 ultra fine point (meaning, that super thin, pen-tip) black sharpies. They write on most anything and are wonderful for having around the house and crafts and everything in between. There are a few issues: they do bleed through thinner papers, so unfortunately they aren't good for writing a lot on paper (class notes, letters, etc.). They tend to dry out fairly quickly. And finally, because the Sharpie permanent is a solvent ink, sometimes it *will* dissolve the surface under the pen tip (especially anything with a coating or paint or gesso) and while you can write with the pen on the surface for a while, the pen will get gunked up and be useless after that use.But it's still the best permanent black marker on the market, and I love the way writing and drawing with these feel and look.It seems we can never have enough Sharpies around the office.  Everybody loves them and they stand out as the best product in their category.  I can only guess how many hundreds of Sharpies I purchased throughout the years and look forward to many more!  The Ultra Fine Points have evolved to now where I usually run out of ink before they disintegrate...nice!Bought these after reading the great reviews on them and how well they perform.  All in all, I'm very happy with them for specific uses.  However, they do have some downsides.In particular, the ink still goes through paper.  Not sure if it is the amount of ink it releases, or the overall type of ink, but my hope was the UF tip would limit this issue.  Wrote a check today, and when I went to tear it out, the check underneath had the black ink on it.  This also happened on the notepad I had used.Overall a solid pen, just know that these will go through your everyday paper writing products.  If you need one that doesn't go through paper, get the Sharpie pens that are grey/black in casing and don't bleed through.If you need a very fine point marker, or just a fine point pen, these are nice.  One downfall is that you MUST replace the cap after every use, or it will dry out immediately!  I like Sharpies and these are very fine point and useful for marking objects with precision or even just writing.  The box of 12 is a bargain, but too many, so I split a box of with family members.These are perfect for grading papers. Make sure you put the lid on tightly so they don't dry out. I've even found them useful in some of our art creations for detailed work. I've tried other brands, but they don't last as long and the tips are more sensitive and don't keep the nice point that Sharpies do.I used to plan my tattoos with these markers. Yeah yeah, you shouldn't draw on yourself, and you probably shouldn't inhale them, but these are so much fun. They are also precise, which makes drawing so much better! The ink is easily removed with alcohol or acetone. Each marker lasted me about a month of drawing a 4&#34; x 3&#34; art piece each day on paper.These were great with the exception that one was dysfunctional and leaked all over the page as soon as you made contact with anything. But for the price I just threw that one away and kept the rest! Probably could have exchanged it, but it wasn't worth the trouble and the rest were perfect. I love the very fine point on these!We buy them by the box! Does anyone ever remember what we did without Sharpies? I would rather use a Sharpie than a pen. We use them in several pen tip sizes and we buy them by the box of 12. Each pen size has its own benefit but they all feature permanent ink for most surfaces. The fine tip is good for marking on boxes and writing on CDs and DVDs you make. The ink is permanent, fast drying and water resistant but you can take it off some surfaces with rubbing alcohol. (Especially right after you write on something with it like a CD.)We write the purchase date on stored food items or medicine bottles and boxes to always use the oldest first. We also mark the spare packages of batteries with the expiration date to use the older ones first. There are limitless uses for these permanent marking pens. We have used other types of pens but the Sharpies have the best pen tips and last the longest. Just keep the cap on after you are done. We love these pens and they are in every drawer of the house.I have attached a photo of the three pen tip sizes we use and a line drawn with each one to help you decide which size to buy, we purchased all of them.Just remember to cap after you are done using; they dry out super duper fast!  I love the fine point.  Sharpie?  Please come up with some way to keep the cap attached to the pen itself so it's not a search to find the cap before the pen dries?When I first discovered the Sharpie Permanent Fine-Point Markers I became an instant fan.  I am still a huge fan of these markers for labeling freezer and storage bags and cardboard boxes.  However, some 3M Post-It Flags, which I use a lot, are just too small for the fine point markers.  For that I use the Ultra-Fine Point Markers.Just like the fine point markers, these markers seem to last a long time if you take care to cap them as soon as you are finished with them. You also need to be careful not to get the tips wet or to damage the tip, but as long as you do not drop the pen on its tip it is reasonably durable.  I have seen a few people crush the tips of these markers (including a couple that were borrowed from me - sigh) by pushing on them too hard, but generally these are people who should be using a ball-point pen anyway.We have tried a lot of different pens and markers for writing on plastic, and have had limited success. Many pens seem to take forever to dry or will not mark on plastic. Magic Markers work, but they are too wide and have an unlovely smell. So far Sharpie permanent fine-point and ultra fine-point markers avoid these problems, and provide sharp print for nearly all labeling needs. In fact, I will warn you that you should take care what you write on, because once you have used the Sharpie, it can be nearly impossible to get the ink out.I will also concur with another reviewer who pointed out that the ultra fine-point Sharpie can be an artist's instrument.  While my sketches are not what I would call art, the very fine point permits a lot of detail, and even shading effects.  To provide more ability, try using the Sharpie Fine-Point and the Sharpie Ultra Fine-Point.  These two pens give you quite a drawing arsenal.Other Amazon reviewers noted that the Sharpie permanent ultra fine point markers come in handy as an artistic tool and as a permanent marker for bags like the ones that that store food in your freezer--and they are right. This pen is able to do a wide range of things regarding labeling, drawing and even writing.The Sharpie black ink is excellent quality and it will never let you down; these pens last a good while. It's economical to buy them in a twelve pack, too.One drawback to these pens--the ink becomes nearly impossible to remove once you've written on tape or drawn something on paper. Think of that before you use these to write and draw! Another caveat: don't use these to write on media like blank CD-Rs and blank DVD-Rs. The ink eventually will seep through the thin upper coating of the disc and then compromise your data, music or video stored on that disc. (In fact, don't write with anything on the actual discs.) Also keep in mind that although these are called "ultra fine" markers the ink is much thicker than a fine tipped ballpoint pen.The ink in the Sharpie ultra fine pens stays fresh just so long as you close the cap completely before putting the pen away. Be sure to do that or the ink can easily dry out.Overall, these markers by Sharpie are probably some of the most versatile pens out there. Sharpie calls them a marker but you can also think of them as a pen.Use them in good health!Hard to get all excited about the ultra fine point sharpie. That's because its only a marker :) They performed as they should though that's why it's a 5 star rating.I have these in all shapes and colors and use some of them daily.  I like the ultra fine because they are easy to use on forms and mail.In my workshop, I've been using pencils to mark my jigs and other similar things for a while now. The problem is that after a while, the pencil marks start to fade with use, and it can be difficult to remember which setups and router bits, etc. on jigs that are seldom used and with faded markings. So I decided to look for a more permanent solution for marking my jigs. I had some fine point sharpies on hand, but those were too thick for my needs; I needed something that wrote thinner like a pen, but smooth like a sharpie. So I did a quick amazon search and came across these. The ultra fine point was just the ticket. I can now easily mark my jigs with detailed information and not have to worry about the lines smudging together. They write smoothly and don't smear. Just what I needed. :) I ordered the box of 12 because it wasn't much more than the 2-pack, and there's plenty of uses for these throughout the house and home office.Sharpies are the best markers on the market.  If you want a long lasting marking at a great price look no further.Sharpie has been around for a long time.  The quality & reliability continues.  I wanted to know the difference between the Extra Fine & the Ultra Fine.  Got my answer.  The Ultra Fine is pointier & the tip is not as soft.I got this for a guest signing of a book for an event. The tips are really fine and the writing is as though with a fountain pen. It is permanent and can write on any paper. The paper we had was like a matte finish and a regular ball point pen will not write, fountain pen will not stick, and usual sharpie is too big. This pen fit the bill and I got a variety of colors and kept it near the guest book. Excellent for its use. Can even use for regular writing, though I won't recommend. My daughter likes it and uses for her arts projects as well.Since I have been using these as opposed to fine point, my writing has been much clearer. Sharpie ultra fine points are awesome for doing labels where you have to stay in the lines, and where other people have to read your writing. It's just as permanent as the fine point, being waterproof, but it's still affected by the sun. (It fades over time)Compared to office supply stores, the price is excellent on Amazon.In my home, I am always misplacing pens.  I bought the twelve pack of the Sharpie precision point markers to always have a good pen that produces a crisp, clean line within my immediate reach.These precision markers will bleed through notebook paper and lighter printer paper, however, for my purposes, this is fine.  For signing letters printed on one side, checking off lists, and marking boxes with their list of the contents, these work great.  Each of the 12 units was usable; I didn't find one pen to be dried out.One disclaimer is that the user needs to be sure to firmly press the cap onto the pen base.  The caps do not slide on as easily as I would like and require a little extra push.These pens are assembled in the United States.I have purchased several brands of markers, some more spendy and fancier-looking. This marker is the best. It writes smooth and dries fast. Even if you forget to put the cap back on, you can pick it up the next day and it still works first time, every time. The tip doesn't mush up and fan out. This pen works like the day it was made, all the way up until it runs out.My trusty blue sharpie has finally run out. Luckily, I can just barely read a few letters of the markings on it to know that it's an &#34;ultra&#34; fine, so I can order another.I ordered this set of sharpies because the standard set writes, in my opinion, two broad a stroke.  These come in handy for addressing packages and marking objects.This is a great fine-point permanent marker with a line width similar to a typical ball-point pen.  Sharpies dry quickly and hold up - I use the wider versionSharpie Fine Point Permanent Markers, 12 Black Markers(30001)for marking sports items such as helmets, skis, etc., and it holds up for years.This pen though is my first choice for hand labeling CDs - no pressure to damange them and a dark, crisp line.These pens have a nice fine permanent point. I use them in my artwork. BUT they stop working FAST, get clogged or skip frequently--so I ordered this well priced BOX anticipating that. On my first use, the pen quit working in 5 minutes. It got clogged or ?, as there was no way I used up all the ink that fast. I had to keep sucking ink out with an absorbing kleenex to get ink flowing again. I like the permanent ink line--but it is a hassle for artwork. when writing, if you angle the tip for a normal writing position, it doesn't work too well either.The design could use some work.*update July 2013: EVERY SINGLE pen stopped working within HOURS of opening it. They run DRY, skip, and are generally a royal pain. NEVER will buy these again. I think they are cheap because somebody got old stuff to re-sell. WHY else would every pen go dry in a matter of hours, capped or not?BUY something else!AlohaHandy to have to mark everything from clothes, label jars and plastic containers.They also work for those spots that are black but have a small chip, this will coverthat area.Buying these chisel-top Sharpie markers once was enough. They're useful only on really large items, as they forge thick --- not fine --- lines.Unless you need large, hardware-scale pens, to mark huge boards or big items, stick with fine-point Sharpie pens. Or at least, dual-use pens, with fine AND thick points available, depending on how you hold them.Just my two cents.I am very happy with these chisel point Sharpies.  The variety of colors is nice and they are perfect for the projects I wanted them for.  All of the markers work, although they are permanent and I have to be careful where I use them.I got these to mark up wall calendars in the office for various events. The colors are visible from across the room.what is not to love?? I ADORE the chisel point sharpies! These markers can make ANYBODY look like a great hand writer - well - If you have a decent hand writing skills to begin with at least - these can make your posters look like a skillful artist! LOLI can say that with 100% accuracy BUT - I can say that if you have a bit of skill with neatness - these markers are worth the money for the name alone! Lets face it - who can make markers like sharpie - just get the size needed for your particular job - these are great for posters - the fine tip markers are great for smaller workings.GREAT GROUP OF COLORS AND ALL WERE NEW AS DESCRIBED.  THEY ALL WORKED WELL AND WOULD ORDER MORE AGAIN IF I NEEDED.The sharpie chisel point assortment is perfect.  Great variety of colors and very useful.  The markers are great quality.  Thank you.runny; can't control ink spreading into surrounding spaces, would return if I had the packagingWe're making project boards for Social Studies and Science and these Sharpies work great for writing big poster boards.  Will buy again.I order to mark out items and they did great. They also do great on projects that you want large writing with a twist.  would recommend to all.Short, fat and colorful. Gave all the children white t-shirts and let them make their own personal shirts. The large chiseled points made it easy for them to color the shirts. Fun project.Normal dry erase markers.  Work as expected. Nice thin clean lines and can't write pretty small with the thin ones.  Spray is nice to have tooBought this for our mom who is in assisted living - we leave her notes and reminders to help her.  Works great just as described.the markers work great on my whiteboard, spray cleans really well. very pleased with this purchase. Highly recommend Expo Seven Piece Low Odor Dry Erase Starter Set.  100 % please.I use these everyday in my office and they're great. The odor is really low compared to the "non-low" odor markers. I like that it comes with the spray so that you can get off any markings that the eraser doesn't get off!Unlike the old markers that tend to stain the white board, these come off very nicely even without the spray.  Love it!Good, good, great!!  Markers are high quality, the eraser is perfect and when my melamine white board gets too gunked up I can spray it and clean it with the included cleaner.  Not a bit sorry I purchased this.  I teach music and need to use these markers to diagram chords in musical notation.  I haven't noticed any strong odors coming from the markers.I didn't really need more markers, but was looking for a smaller tip set of markers for my classroom (I am a teacher).  This starter kit was priced right and included 5 markers (2 black, 1 green, 1 blue, and 1 red).  However it also included an Expo eraser and some cleaning fluid.  These two items were why I purchased the set.  Expo makes a good product - you won't be disappointed.These different color markers work great for my white board for highlighting different messages as reminders, appointments to keep, etc., and the eraser works great too.  Instead of marking down appointments on a calendar, I use the board with the different colors to keep messages, appointments set apart.This one fit the bill for homeschooling and was very reasonably priced.  My whiteboard is pretty old so &#34;erasing&#34; only goes so far.  The spray cleaner was a must and cleans the old board incredible well.  The pens have points that can be used for math problems to be solved by the kids and are great for cursive writing as well.This product gets a definite &#34;thumbs up&#34; recommendation from me!This set includes cleaner, markers, and an eraser.  This purchaser appreciates the low odor content, as it is less irritating for people with &#34;perfume-type&#34; allergies, and is safer for youth.  Recommended.Low odor pens, as described. That's a plus. I also dig the slender pens; much easier to use than the big bulky ones. Wish the erasers came in half sizes as it's a bit big for small table-top style boards.I love this set.  The markers are perfect.  Some sets are too dry, others too juicy.  This set has plenty of juice but a nice line, too.  The eraser works fine and I like the cleaner.  I hesitated to buy another set because others disappointed me but so glad I tried this set.  Would definitely buy again - and probably eventually will.I got these to give to a teacher for a gift and I think for the price they are a great product!This set has everything I needed for my dry erase calendar. I like that it has two black pens too because that's what I use the most. Low odor as described. The spray is good amount to last. I like the size of the eraser. Good coverage on pens too.I have a dry erase board in my home office and I use it quite frequently as an organizational tool along with these markers. Overall they are great. I have had them awhile and none of the markers have gone dry so I am very pleased with this product.A new eraser is always great to have. And the spray on cleaner is good to use periodically to get rid of that stuff that just never seems to erase completely. And the fine tip markers are really nice to have for small group work, fine detail, or adding highlights to work. For the price you get a lot in this package.I teach AVID and we use dry erase markers like crazy.  This 12 count boxes are the best deals.  I recommend them.A four by six foot Expo white board has been on the wall of my office for years. As easy as the white board is to use, I still miss the look of the old slate chalk boards. Of course, I do not miss the messiness of the chalk dust that used to get over everything. I had no idea that there were black dry erase boards. Now, I have one! I just received an Expo black board and neon marker combo. I love it.In the interest of science, I tested the white board markers on the black board. I tried blue, red, green and black. Although, they are great on the white board, they are not at all visible on the black board.The one necessary item that did not come with the combo kit is an eraser Fortunately, I already had a standard Expo eraser. It erases the neon writing easily. A paper towel also works.Altogether, I am very happy with my new black board, the old white board, the markers, and eraser. I cannot wait until they come out with larger black boards, so that I can satisfy my retro leanings with the new technology.They work well. Not sure what else I can say about them though I do wish that for this number of markers at this price, I would prefer chisel tip versus bullet tips.Teachers are always running out of markers in their classrooms and they are constantly asking parents for donations.  These are a perfect and practical gift.Expo markers write great when fresh. Within a day they begin to fade quickly. The bullet tip markers flatten out quickly even with little pressure. Is there a better alternative out there? Maybe. But I have not found it yet. Expo please make your markers last longer.We used a dry erase board at our hobby store to write our daily and/or weekly specials. This little kit kept the colors handy, worked well as an eraser, AND kept them from rolling all over.The dry erase markers seemed to work as well as any others I have purchased, and it was fun using the different colors to draw little seasonal pictures.Watch the price, I especially enjoy buying supplies like this during late summer when stores have sales.Expo is the best dry erase markers out there. As a 1st grade teacher using these everyday, there is no comparison. The organizer is nice and sit right on the board ledge.They write consistantly well. Seem to last fairly long. The price is good. The eraser works as well as most other dry erase markers.They got here fast...I'm not sure what else to say about dry erase markers...I spent 10 years teaching in a blackboard and chalk environment, but I changed jobs several years ago and I've been teaching in a whiteboard and dry erase marker world ever since.I have to admit that I was hesitant to make the switch - people don't like change, but I've come to appreciate the increased flexibility that dry erase markers can give.I routinely use 5 or more different colors of markers in my zoology courses (black, red, green, blue, orange, and sometimes others), and I've been particularly pleased with Expo Dry Erase Markers.I find these markers to have brilliant colors, I quite like the orange ones :-)Of course, no marker lasts forever, and like any marker, once these start to run out or the tip dries out it's a gonner.  Until then though they work great.Likes:- I like the fact that you can tell when the pen cap is firmly seated - a must for lengthening marker life- I also like how the pen cap fits easily and securely into the opposite end of the marker so you don't lose it while you are writing.- I like that fact that the color of ink in the marker is clearly indicated on the pen body.Dislikes:- The chisel-point tip on these markers is too fine. When a marker is brand new you have plenty of ink, but because the ink tip is so fine you have to hold the pen at a particular angle to get a wide enough like to make a bold mark that is wide enough for students at the back of a 100-seat lecture hall to see.  Then by the time the pen nib gets into a workable shape to produce a nice heavy line every time you shortly run out of ink.All in all, these are very good pens, but not without some minor issues, thus 4 stars for teaching.  These would be worthy of 5 stars if they were used only for personal in-home white message board use.I hope this was helpful.Write-on!We use this Expo 7-Piece Dry Erase Kit in our small business to keep track of our on-going projects. Here are my observations:Markers:+ The six colors allow us to color code priorities+ Positive cap seal keeps markers from drying out+ Relatively low odorEraser:+ Works well enoughHolder:+ Holds all of the markers and the eraser- Very thin plastic- Weak adhesive, used extra double stick tape to hold on the wallThis is works for our needs, with the good quality markers, good eraser, and usable holder.Recommended!CFHI was very disappointed with the plastic this is made from. If you were to open a box of cookies, the plastic in that is just as thick. It has one thin strip of double sided tape on the back to mount it. We returned ours and bought a magnetic basket to hold the markers. It cost less and was much nicer.I love the ease of ordering on line.  It is not always easy to go to the store to pick up some of these items.  Ordering no Amazon has made my life so much easier.I use these for whiteboard teaching presentations. I love having the additional colors of Orange and Brown to the standard primary colors.If you do any sort of technical presentation where having multiple colors is useful, this is a great purchase. I've been using EXPO markers for many years and they've never let me down. Good quality markers at a reasonable price shipped free; there's no down side to buying these.Surprisingly, it sticks, and stays at the same place for months, and with light/moderate use, I have juice in all of them still.A four by six foot Expo white board has been on the wall of my office for years.  As easy as the white board is to use, I still miss the look of the old slate chalk boards.  Of course, I do not miss the messiness of the chalk dust that used to get over everything.  I had no idea that there were black dry erase boards.  Now, I have one! I just received an Expoblack board and neon markercombo.  I love it.The black board now sits on the wall above my desk.  It attaches to the wall magnetically.  I can write on it with the neon markers that came with the kit.  They all show up well.  It looks like the black boards that restaurants use for posting the specials-of-the-day.  Post-it notes stick to it, as do magnets.  These cute black boards can be obtained separately from the markers.  They come in8.5 x 11 inchand10 x 10 inchsizes.I tested the neon markers on the new black board as well as on my large white board.  The neon markers show up well on black, but only the pink color can be read easily on the white board. The neon dayglow on black looks great. Theneon markerscan also be purchased separately.Since I am a scientist after all, I also tested thewhite board markerson the black board.  I tried blue, red, green and black.  Although, they are great on the white board, they are not at all visible on the black board.The one necessary item that did not come with the combo kit is an eraser Fortunately, I already had a standard Expoeraser.  It erases the neon writing easily.  A paper towel also works.Altogether, I am very happy with my new black board, the old white board, the markers, and eraser.  I cannot wait until they come out with larger black boards, so that I can satisfy my retro leanings with the new technology.This is exactly what it look likes. A marker and eraser set for a whiteboard. The markers work great, the cleaner and brush thing cleans up great. If you need one this is a solid choice.This is a great little add on kit to buy when you are purchasing a new board. I have found that Expo's are the best markers you can get for a dry erase. I would use any other markers on my boards.This was actually a gift to my attended meetings. We really needed this to present and/or discuss/teach information to the groupI use this for a whiteboard I have in my home that I frequently use to jot down notes and keep an up to date "to do" list.  I don't do a ton of writing, but I find that the markers last an impressively long time and don't dry out so long as you keep the cap on them.The markers wipe off whiteboards fairly easily so long as they don't stay on there for extended periods (past a couple days maybe).  Much longer than that and it's going to leave a stain on the board that you will need to use the cleaner to get off.  Once the cleaner runs out you can substitute it with isopropyl alcohol, which will work just as well if not better - and is cheaper to boot.Overall a good set at a low price.If you ever used a dry erase marker white board you know you have to use dry erase marker pens.  What I found is that if you leave the same writing on the board for several days it is harder to erase.  This is a good starter kit to have as it contains a spray cleaner that does a great job in removing the difficult and old dried writing.  I use a soft paper towel to clean the white board with the spray as I like to keep the eraser that comes in the kit dry.  The dry eraser does a good job clearing off freshly made writing and drawings on the board.This is what you need to get started with a new white board and this is a great product for your office.  I have used many types of dry erase markers and this brand is by far the best available.  I recommend it to you.This is everything you would need if you are not planning to do a whole lot of writing.  It is very basic and exactly what I needed as I did not need a lot of colors or a large set.  It has the spray for cleaning the board and the eraser for erasing the writings.  The only problem is that odor ink in the pens is very strong and should have bought the lower odor type.  Other than that this is perfect for home use and for what I will be using it for.It is a nice good quality set. Worth the money. I would recommend this to a friend. It is a good starter set. I would be willing to buy one more.Love the fact that these markers are SO easy to erase. It keeps the board looking clean and makes erasing a breeze. HIGHLY recommend these markers!A four by six foot Expo white board has been on the wall of my office for years.  As easy as the white board is to use, I still miss the look of the old slate chalk boards.  Of course, I do not miss the messiness of the chalk dust that used to get over everything.  I had no idea that there were black dry erase boards.  Now, I have one! I just received an Expoblack board and neon markercombo.  I love it.The black board now sits on the wall above my desk.  It attaches to the wall magnetically.  I can write on it with the neon markers that came with the kit.  They all show up well.  It looks like the black boards that restaurants use for posting the specials-of-the-day.  Post-it notes stick to it, as do magnets.  These cute black boards can be obtained separately from the markers.  They come in8.5 x 11 inchand10 x 10 inchsizes.I tested the neon markers on the new black board as well as on my large white board.  The neon markers show up well on black, but only the pink color can be read easily on the white board. The neon dayglow on black looks great. Theneon markerscan also be purchased separately.In the interest of science, I also tested thewhite board markerson the black board.  I tried blue, red, green and black.  Although, they are great on the white board, they are not at all visible on the black board.The one necessary item that did not come with the combo kit is an eraser Fortunately, I already had a standard Expoeraser.  It erases the neon writing easily.  A paper towel also works.Altogether, I am very happy with my new black board, the old white board, the markers, and eraser.  I cannot wait until they come out with larger black boards, so that I can satisfy my retro leanings with the new technology.This is a goodset because it's just what you need.  My son is in law school and using this at home for studying.  It's everything you would hope this type of thing would be.Pretty decent markers, my green one didn't last as long as I've thought it would, but overall a good deal for the price. The eraser is very nice.These are classic fine point/line felt tip pens.  I know a lot of lawyers who swear by this pen as they use it for all of their writings.  The ink lasts, it's got a low-key classic look and the cap is definitely leak proof when you snap it closed.These little pens disappeared from store shelves in my area some years ago - after I'd gotten quite attached to them, of course.  Thrilled to see them here.  I find them to be excellent for notes and color-coding.  A nice change from ball point.So glad to find these pens again on Amazon.  I have been looking for them for years. The stores don't seem to carry them anymore, and I had given up hope of every finding them again until now.  What a treat!  The purple is fun, the blue and black essential. The green and red are great to have at Christmas.  Love them, love them. Good price.I really like writing with Pilot Razor Point pens. They write smoothly, never get "stuck" like a ball-point can, and have a really bold, vibrant ink color. Because they are more of a marker-point pen, they are probably not ideal for writing on glossy surfaces, as the ink can easily smear in this case. Otherwise the pen is versatile, durable, and useful.if you like a little friction when you write, and you don't mind the ink showing up on the backside of thin paper, then this is one of the standards by which other such pens are measured. I've used this pen for over a decade and can't find anything better in its class for the money. the uni-ball micros are good, too. they don't bleed through as much but don't have as much friction when you write so you sacrifice some control.This marker pen is perfect for what I wanted; extra fine point.  They last a long time & don't dry up as quickly as most others.The Pilot Razor Point is without a doubt my favorite pen. The line is predictable, thin, and precise. The ink does not bleed. The ink can smudge on some surfaces - a Sharpie is a better choice to write on something glossy. The appearance of the pen is plain, unassuming, and classic. It is comfortable to hold. I have kept one of these in my pocket every day for about a decade.you wont be disappointed in this pen, it writes, sits in your pocket, makes a handy thingy to chew on.As I was hoping, this is a classic Swingline stapler. It has a hefty weight and solid stapling feel. It opens fully to staple onto a cork board, if that's what you need to do. And the stapling surface can be flipped around so that the staple ends push out instead of in and under.It's everything I wanted.Built the way they used to build them. No Namby-Pamby soft springs or wiggly parts.Ergonomic, streamlined and solid. A worthy utilitarian tool to grace my desktop.Ok stapler. It got jammed with some of my staples, I'm not sure if the brand just didn't matched up and thats what caused the problem. Was a good staple before and hopefully will be after the jam is cleared!I've had one of these staplers for nearly a decade and it's a well-priced, strong, steady workhorse. A very good office product to own.I have rarely ever seen a stapler without the Swingline logo on it. This stapler lives up to its brand name. I have had no problems with it in a home-office setting, or in my dorm room.I run retail stores...things break.  Lots of people using tools that they don't really care about.  This is one of those devices that I buy whenever I start a new store.  I know that I will have a stapler that lasts FOREVER.  The cost in the long run is so much less than buying a cheaper stapler.Great job!Heavy duty, solid, and it does its job. What else could be said of the Swingline Commercial Desk Stapler, 20 Sheets, Black? Some things are simple, and expected to do their simple job: this is one of them!I have to say that I'm a fan of Swingline staplers and that fandom is based on a very old Swingline 747 that I bought what must've been decades ago.  When other staplers failed, my 747 would not.  It's been my go-to stapler for a very long time and I'm sure I could use it to drive nails if I had to but I don't.  I will say that my 747 is starting to show some wear and I thought this stapler might replace my old 747.Well, my 747 is safe. This stapler will not replace my old stapler.  That said, this is a very well constructed stapler.  It's entirely made of metal but not as thick or as heavy gauge as my old 747.  That said, this is not a cheaply made stapler. It's a good quality office stapler but it's not up to the weight and substance of my old 747.Does it staple 20 pages? Yes.  Do I think it'll last? Yes. It's a good stapler.The thing that I like about this stapler is the price.  For the money, this stapler is hard to beat.  For not much more than what it would cost you to buy a cheap plastic stapler, you get a high quality commercial stapler that'll last you for 20 years or more.  I'm not about to go spend a small fortune replacing my old swingline 747.Now please bear in mind that I'm not comparing this stapler to a current day 747 stapler from Swingline.  I have absolutely no experience with the new 747 staplers.  I do have experience with the 747s that were made decades ago and that's an industrial piece of machinery from the golden age of machines when Gotham was still young and things were made of substantial amounts of metal.  I suspect this stapler is better than the modern 747s but that would just be a guess.I hope this helps everyone.  Just buy some good quality staples for it. I find the staple quality is key in stapling thick bundles of papers.The Swingline Stapler is definitely a professional one.The sound it makes when it staples one can determine that sound is primarily heard in an office setting. It indicates that it is a good stapler.This may sound surprising to many folks, but not all staplers are the same.  Some work better than others, and you can almost immediately tell when you pick one up and look at its design.  This Swingline stapler is, I'm afraid, not one of the better ones on the market.  Some will even say it's downright atrocious and I can't argue with that.  I've had my share of problems with it as well.The biggest and most obvious issue (and this is a problem with most staplers but moreso in this case) is that the staples actually get stuck deep inside, so you have to open it up and pull them out.  Sometimes they get stuck REALLY far inside and you have to use something small (such as a pin) to remove them.  Yes this is a pain, and I imagine a situation involving a fast-paced working environment would totally make people go insane having to use a stapler that constantly gets jammed.Another issue is that sometimes more than one staple comes out when stapling papers, and you're actually inadvertently wasting staples when this occurs.  No rhyme or reason when it occurs either- it just happens.  Perhaps putting in a small stack of staples is the reason for this one however, or maybe they break apart with constant use and nobody realizes it since people are too busy using it, and not spending any time to open the stapler up and check.  Understandable.Overall, there's easily better staplers out there.  For home use and dealing with the occasional inconveniences, this isn't a bad option.  For the workplace however, and especially if several people are using the same stapler, invest in something better.This is a well built office tool that staples multiple sheets of paper together effortlessly.  What more can you ask of a stapler?It does the job and does it well.  It may not take the extra long staples that some commercial staplers do, but if you're writing a long college paper or dissertation, this will definitely do well in keeping your papers togetherThis is a decent stapler. We've had it for a month and so far it's stapled well and hasn't jammed. I like that I can open it up to staple on bulletin boards, etc. It doesn't do too many pages at once but works fine for basic use. My teenagers use it to staple homework assignments, etc. are happy enough with it.Staplers are one of those priducts that if you think about then you have either 1- lost one 2- it is jammed and you can't get it to work. While the Swingline 747 can't do much about #1, but it is a smooth enough operator to keep you from being frustrated over staple jams!Pros-+ Heavy duty design - this is not one of those flimsy dime-store plastic jobs.+ Rarely jams -+ Easy to replace the staples+ Can be used as a paperweight; it "muti-tasks"+ Finish does not show smudges or fingerprints+ will easily staple through 15 pages as easily as 2!Final verdict - One sweet stapler!Metal, Swingline, black, well-built, heavy, long length, easy to open and refill.  I suggest buying two, just in case Swingline goes into the crapper eventually, like many other iconic brands.Swingline, and all staple companies, have so many bells and whistles and colors: they have the cheap ones, the short ones, the purple ones, the plastic ones, the mini ones, and on and on.  It's hard to know how to buy a good old fashioned, durable stapler any more.Well, here it is.  Sometimes tried and true is best.  This device is the best.Stanley Bostitch Professional Magnetic Staple Remover, Black (40000M-BLK)And sometimes new is best.  For removing staples, I highly recommend the Bostich (linked above) over the classic two jaw "pincher" types.Cheers!This stapler looks professional, is heavy-duty enough to staple most things reliably, rarely jams, and will last a lifetime.  The no-wobble design is a relief after using other flimsy staplers that tend to fall over when used on a desktop.  This stapler handles all of my stapling needs, as I use mini or larger binder clips for anything too big for this beauty to handle.  You can't go wrong with this stapler.You can always count on Swingline products.  They are strong and you can almost always count on them.  The price isreasonable.  The stapler is easy to load and has yet to jam or malfunction.  Reliability is a good thing.Bought this stapler at a local office supply store and love it! This stapler is just perfect for a large or small office. And I have found that I use this as my dependable, everyday stapler. Most of the time, I just have to staple less than say six sheets of paper together, however, I recently tried this with a small manual that I printed that had 17 pages, it stapled it very well.And since this stapler does not jam, and it is of superb quality, this is the best stapler I have used ever!Highly recommend this to all!I definitely have no bad words for this item. It does what it suppose to do. It staples like a stapler should. It's not too heavy and it's not too light. It makes a great stapler for an office.When I saw this I had already chosen a light duty model. I couldn't find a way to cancel that order so I got this one too. This is the holy grail of staplers. When I got an office job I had one of these on my desk. I worked in that office with the same stapler for 21 years. I used the stapler daily and had to keep a close eye on it. People borrowed it at least 2-3 times a week so it got a lot of use. I never counted the capacity but if it would fit...then hit it and you were golden. This one is heavy and made of metal. It brings back memories of work and the old Swingline  I had. I passed it on to the next guy so maybe it'll get another 20.This is the stapler that we always found on the teacher's desk or in the office.  It's the one we always took from someone to borrow.  It's a classic commercial stapler with no frills and ready for lots of stapling and the occasional drop or spill.Durable with a large staple capacity (a full row of the Swingline staples) this is as no-frills as you can get for a stapler.  Durable and reliable.Always a great office essential.I have yet to have staples stick on me. This stapler is being used in a restaurant, where every credit card receipt gets stapled to the guest cheque. In other words, there's a lot of staples that get used. Thus far, this stapler has been good to us.This medium duty stapler is perfect for the home or home office.  First, it feels heavy duty and is very well built.  No cheap plastic here.  Most of the important parts are made of metal.  Staples load easily and have not jammed in over two weeks of use.  I can staple from 5-8 pages with no problems whatsoever.  Staples goe into the paper easily and bind very well.This is a stapler which should last for years.  Highly recommended.If you want a heavy duty stapler that you can count on and do the job I highly recommend this stapler.  It stapes the papers cleanly and easily!Not much to be said, as quality was expected from this stapler. No jams, no trouble stapling large amounts of documents. Amazing help in the home office compared to a cheap stapler.This seems like a perfectly nice stapler.  It's a rather average desktop stapler and takes average size staples (I used some generic branded ones I already had instead of the recommended brand specific ones).  Size-wise, the stapler is very average for a desktop stapler, measuring 7 1/4&#8221; long.  The weight is decent considering it's all-metal construction, but it's not overly heavy or anything.Performance-wise, it seems to be pretty good.  I tested it on just two sheets of paper, and also on a thick bunch of paper (pushing it's 20 page limit) and it performed fine on both.  As I've been using it, I haven't had any jams or staples fail to go through things, so I have no complaints there.  I don't feel like it takes a particularly strong amount of force to staple things, but it's not as easy at those &#8220;easy touch&#8221; staplers or anything &#8211; pretty average, I'd say.  Oh, and as an added bonus, if you use a switch on the bottom, it can be opened up flat and used to staple things to bulletin boards.  I suppose that's useful if you have a bulletin board that requires stapling.Overall, I'd have to say this is an average, but sturdy and reliable stapler.  It might not be spectacular or standout in any way, but I have no complaints against it.  If you need a good, reliable desktop stapler, then go ahead and give this one a try!I like this stapler, but yesterday, it got jammed very badly, and I wasted time fixing it.  Luckily I had small pliers handy, but most people would not, and I don't know how I would have fixed it without the pliers.  Since this never happened to my previous stapler, I am hoping this was a crazy fluke that will not re-occur.I can't really complain about this stapler. I love Swingline products and this is no exception. It does tend to jam once in a while, which I would expect from an $8.00 stapler. I have other staplers from Swingline that I absolutely love! My favorite so far is the Swingline LightTouch Reduced Effort Stapler which is a little bit more, but totally worth the extra few dollars.All in all, though, this is a fine stapler and I haven't had the same problems with it as others have.This item works as described. Most people do not realize that by reversing the metal plate on the bottom of this stapler, you can staple a page in a way that the staple pulls right out. Try it. Turn the plate on the bottom to the other side, staple a few pages, then pull the staple right out from the bottom of the pages without the need to use a staple remover. Reverse it again and you get a staple that needs a stapler remover to remove. After you've tried it, please rate my post as helpful!This is the standard issued stapler for the Seattle Public Schools before 1998. It is very reliable and durable. Jamming was minimal.I have previously purchased an inexpensive stapler, it was also a Swingline. The inexpensive one would jam and would only stape a few sheets at a time. This stapler works great, all metal construction, and as it is pretty long it is easy to staple through a pretty large stack of paper without any problem.Because I have been using this make and model of stapler forever, I got a new one for when my daughter takes it to college.  This feels a bit less solid and slightly lighter compared to my old one. The stapling does not feel as crisp as the old one but when we tested it, it did not fail.  So, while the construction does not seem to be the same as &#34;the good ol' days&#34; it seems to be good enough.This Swingline stapler was once the king of all staplers. It could staple, it could tack paper to a wall or tree, and still smack a zombie in the back on a moments notice.Sadly, Swinglines are now made in China. The quality has suffered and so has the 'staple the zombie in the back' game.Jams are frequent and hard to un-jam unless you smack the stapler against a concrete wall really, really hard.I have a home office so I got this stapler. It works great.  I Have used it normally for several weeks and it is holding up well. I consider this essential to any home office.Be the envy of your office with a great stapler.  Well, maybe not but it is definitely a commercial grade stapler.  The kind you might find in a public school, works great and can't remember a time it jammed.the Swingline quality one expects.  Now I am on the prowl for a Swingline that will use longer staples for thicker documents.  So far it has been working very good and has jammed only one when I tried to staple too much paper.I happen to also have a classic 1960s era Swingline stapler from the days when they were made in Long Island City, NY. That over 50 year old stapler still works well to this day. The new Commercial stapler from today's Acco/Swingline is, like most manufactured products, built in China to a price and in my view does not deserve the name Commercial. The old stapler has a substantial and attractively art deco styled cast base while the new one makes due with a quickly stamped steel cheaper alternative. The old stapler has a much easier way to switch modes between inward bending and outward bending rear legs. I could go on, but the point is that the modern version is not in any way comparable to its better made predecessor.For an inexpensive stapler it works pretty well.Loads easily with regular staples, and I've tested it with items as thick as the cardboard on the back of a writing pad. It staples quickly and easily, and I've had no poorly done staples so far.It is solid, made of metal, and the parts fit together well. Functions smoothly. While it works well in the usual desk position, it cannot open up, like some staplers of this type, and function as a staple gun of sorts. That would be a nice touch to add.The only thing I don't like is the &#34;non-skid&#34; surface on the bottom. It is not rubber or something similar, but plastic, and slide around on smooth surfaces. It would have been much better to have a real non-skid pad on the bottom. A stapler needs to stay put, and the bottom slide around a lot. That cost a star.Staplers are not exotic items - they either work or they don't. This one works.This is the nice, heavy, &#34;all-metal-construction&#34; stapler version that we used to have at work, which has since been traded off for a cheap, plastic, easily broken version that would only staple a couple of pieces of paper, and only when it felt like working. The metal version I had in the past (just like this one, only grey) lasted for something like 30 years, through all kinds of frequent use.  So, I have every reason to believe that this one will last for a very long time.  The box states it will staple 20 sheets.  I have already stapled up to 22, with ease. There are rubber grips on the bottom to keep it in place on surfaces.The box recommends Swingline SF4 staples (not sure what I have at work but I used the standard everyday Swingline staples I have been using).  It is easy fill, just pop the top -- load, lock and fire!  This product is made in China and comes from ACCO Brands of Mississippi, Canada, or Mexico.My old stapler kept jamming and I finally gave up it and needed a new one.  This one is solid, works, and doesn't jam - at least, not yet.  It's one of those functional products that does what it's supposed to.For years, I have had a plastic stapler at home for the occasional needs that come up.  It was cheaply made, and often I had to re-staple something if it had multiple pages.  When using it, it just felt like it could fall apart at any time.  This Swingline is different.  I have never once had to re-staple something.  Pick it up and it has a firm, solid feel in your hand.  It's well-built, strong enough to last many years.Swingline has made excellent staplers for decades now. My father still uses them in his office and I have one or two at home all the time.This stapler will amaze you at how well it works. Just gently pull open the top cover of the "drawer" where the staples will be stored until you use them and then insert the staples. In addition, this Swingline stapler is manufactured in such a way as to make it difficult for two staples to come out at the same time. That way you get one clean through staple for your documents with no mess. It's all very clean cut.Obviously, if you need to staple huge bundles of paper at a time, this stapler might not be up to such an extreme challenge. People usually have a pretty intuitive feel for how many pages of paper can be stapled by this. They say it can staple up to twenty sheets of paper; but if your paper is very "heavy" (or, thick) than it might be able to staple something more like 15 or 16 pages of paper.Overall, this is a very well made stapler that will easily last you years. The staples that go with the staples are just as nicely priced as this stapler itself. I highly recommend this stapler by Swingline for your home office and general purpose needs.Retro is good.... very, very good.  Finally.... the heavy duty metal stapler that we all &#34;borrowed&#34;  from our jobs as we walked out the door is back!  I love it!  It's sturdy with the cushion bottom, and holds plenty staples.Highly recommend!This is the standard for staplers.If you want an everyday stapler that can staple multiple pages and still keep on stapling, then this is your model. The only thing better than this particular model, is maybe the infamous red version, Otherwise, this stapler works and rarely jams. If you need an everyday stapler that can handle just 2 sheets or 15, then this is your deal....And I said, I don't care if they lay me off either, because I told, I told Bill that if they move my desk one more time, then, then I'm, I'm quitting, I'm going to quit. And, and I told Don too, because they've moved my desk four times already this year, and I used to be over by the window, and I could see the squirrels, and they were married, but then, they switched from the Swingline to the Boston stapler, but I kept my Swingline stapler because it didn't bind up as much, and I kept the staples for the Swingline stapler and it's not okay because if they take my stapler then I'll set the building on fire...Milton Waddams - Office SpaceNow THAT is brand loyalty!This feels well made, and should last for a long time.  Staples well and easy to load.  I recommend especially at this price.When I have papers that I want to keep together, I use this device to fasten them in such a way that they stick to each other. You can buy staples, little silver fasteners, to put inside this stapler. I put my name on this so if someone else wants to attach papers to each other they can use it and remember to return it to me.Yeah, so, someone took my stapler at work.  Or maybe I lost it.  But the point is, I needed a new stapler.  And I really like Swingline staplers.This is a solid stapler.  Don't underestimate the significance of the word &#34;Commercial&#34; in the name of this product.  Commercial products are generally sturdier and more durable than their non-commercial versions.  This Swingline continues their tradition of reliable staplers.  I found it easy to use (punching through a stack of several pages was trivial), and it hasn't jammed yet.If I could make one small complaint, it would be this: the metal finish on this stapler is glossy, making it quickly reveal greasy smudges after using it a few times (I'm generally not a greasy person, as far as I know).  It's not enough to lower my rating to 4 stars, but I did notice it.  So maybe, I don't know, 4.5 stars?All in all, this is a good stapler well worth considering, especially if someone takes your stapler.I've used them in offices where I worked; I've purchased them for home.  I finally had to replace one of them.  My old one made it through numerous moves across the country, lots of use by a lot of people, including &#34;little&#34; hands that love to play.  I expect no less from this stapler.  It's very sturdy and consistent.This is a favorite in my home office. It works great with the Swing line staples I purchased and this is my favorite stapler.With its 4&#34; throat and able to handle 20 pages, it does exactly what I need. Well built as usual for Swingline. If you need more page capacity you can  not go wrong with Swingline!I love this new stapler! It is sturdily constructed of metal. Under the staple dispensing end it has a base plate that allows you to have staples curl in, as usual, or out, as is helpful for some purposes. The body of the stapler also swings up from the base to allow you to staple things on boards. In order to do this, though, you have to press a tab on the underside of the base to release the metal post that holds the stapler in its normal position. I am impressed with the sturdiness of this device. It should continue to work well for at least the next 20 years!I needed a stapler that I could also use for a 'tacker', without paying a too high price and because I don't have a car, it is a problem trying to shop when others bring me as I like to check out prices, etc. without being rushed. I found this on-line and this was the best price and it was what I wanted. It is very easy to load and to use, so I am happy with it. I doubt that it would be good for an office as it is not of heavy construction and seems to be made for light duty around the house.  +JMJ+Excellent and sturdy stapler at an excellent price!  Don't bother with the other decorative ones, They don't perform.  This one is it!  Solid metal and smooth working. Better than a very old commercial Swingline that I have.This stapler has had heavy use in  a very busy office and it can easily staple 28 pages of 20 pound paper, 20 pages of 24 pound paper.The heavy size adds balance and gives the user confidence. One user reported: "I haven't had any trouble with it. It feels old-fashioned sturdy. Reminds me how satisfying a good staple used to be! :)"I had tried the same model at Staples before writing my Review, then checked out several of the one star reviews. The impression above was exactly the same as mine.So, it is possible that current versions of this model have been beefed up. I hope so.One suggestion: try this model, but try it out as soon as it arrives. If it isn't up to high expectations, send it back for a refund immediately.It looks and acts like our version will have a long and useful life here.Robert C. RossJuly 2014This is a great stapler that is built well and will probably be on my desk for the next 30 years until I retire!This is an excellent stapler. It's very heavy duty. Perfect for a desk and it doesn't jam when trying to staple multiple sheets, Perfect for any office, home or work.I was given my first Swingline stapler as a gift in 1974 when I was in my early 20's and getting myself set up as a writer. I still have it. It resides in the 1940's desk my then-husband bought for me as a way of encouraging my writing career. (If only the marriage had lasted as long as the stapler.) I also have the original box of staples that came with the stapler, being somewhat more of a paperclip kind of girl than one who might use the more permanent fix of a staple. (Hmmm. That transitory element to my personality might explain the brevity of the marriage.)The thing is, that dang old stapler still works perfectly every time (because now I do have documents which need binding in a more permanent fashion). But I needed a new stapler for my classroom, so of course I chose a Swingline product. Wish I'd gotten this one 27 years ago when I began teaching! It's beautifully, precisely machined, popped right open when I pulled it out of the box and dropped in staples--from that original box which is now 40 years old. Perfect. Swingline knows: Don't mess with a good thing! This is a great stapler and indeed heavy duty!This is the stapler all my teachers had in school.  It is of metal construction and can accidentally be dropped and not damaged. It can be slammed down on paper by lots of hands and not be damaged.  It goes thru up to 20 sheets of paper.  It doesn't jam easily and easy to refill.  It is a very reliable desk stapler you are going to have for years.The "Kleenex" of staplers, the Swingline Commercial Desk Stapler sets the standard for desk staplers.  All metal, solid design has heft that is almost weapons grade.  Staples ten sheets of paper with no problem, more if you need it to. Heavy duty design should stand up to years of use.  As it always has been, it is an essential desk tool.  It is the stapler which will move with you wherever you go.One thing I've discovered about staplers is the quality of staples is as important as the quality of the stapler, so if you are having any problem with this or any other stapler, try out a box of top quality staples and see if that doesn't make a difference.The Swingllne Commercial Desk Stapler is an office standard. It's is something needed in every office and adding a new employee it is part of the default set of items in their desk. I still have one I got in the late 1970's and except for the color and decades of wear it's virtually identical.Things that impress me is how it was not "cheaped out"  by making the metal a lighter gauge or other scrimping. It is what it always has been and I expect it will continue to work as well and long as my 1970's model has.It is worth noting this stapler does NOT come with a set of starter staples. It uses common office staples and alarge box of Swingline Standard Chisel Point Stapleskeeps us going for about a decade.Seeing a good design that has not been "value engineered" reminds me of a time when more things were really made to last.As a time proven and still excellent product it's 5 stars for the Swingline Desk Stapler.Hope this helps someone.Swingline manufactures an easy to use solid stapler. The only reason this stapler did not get five stars is because Swingline manufacturers a slightly more modern looking stapler that performance is identical.In testing I was able to stable 31 sheets consistently and occasionally 33 sheets. The stapler has a hinge release that allows you to stable things to walls or other flat surfaces. The base has a plastic/rubber coating that adds grip and prevent scraping. All other components appear to be metal. I anticipate this stapler lasting for well over 20 years.I bought this Swingline Commercial Desk Stapler because I'm sick and tired buying other brand and the desk stapler jam on me. Swingline desk stapler end all those problems. The stapler doesn't jam, heavy, and durable. I drop it a few times and it still works fine and staples many of my papers. As a teacher assistant for a professor in college. It is helpful staple together paper for many years. If the education system use this brand for many years its worth buying. I also like that the staple can open up which give me the ability to staple poster to the campus boards. Overall its a great product to buy other than trying other brands which more like to stuck and jam.Our house is filled with staplers that sort of work---that push the stable through the paper but then bend or just somehow don't quite nail the whole stapling process!  This stapler, from the minute I took it out of the box, felt different.  It's all metal, so nice and heavy, and it just feels well designed.  I tested it on about 6 different stapling tasks---simple 2 paper stapling, 5 paper stapling, and then on a whole pile of what I estimated to be 20 sheets of scrap printing paper, because it's listed as being able to handle that, and it did!  It stapled right through so nicely!  I love simple products that just work.One note---this didn't come with any staples.  If you order it and have urgent stapling needs right as soon as you get it, make sure you have some staples in the house!  We did, and they loaded perfectly.The Swingline company has put out quality products for a long time.  I have always used their staplers for home and for school.  This particular stapler is made of metal, holds a full strip of staples, and will staple 20 sheets of paper well.  It also will fold open to staples things to walls.  I use that a lot for student work on bulletin boards.Some reviewers have said that the quality is not what it used to be in the past.  If you have problems. I highly recommend that you contact Swingline.  I have had replacement parts sent out to me free of charge and warranty replacements of whole staplers.  Their customer service and dedication to customer satisfaction sets them above other brands. I never hesitate to get staplers from them.Nothing fancy.  A basic office staple.  It takes standard staples, works like it is supposed to, and has not jammed yet.Swingline has been a major manufacturer of commercial staplers for many years.  I think every office setting I have ever worked in has used Swingline staplers.  This commercial desk stapler is standard office equipment and should be very familiar to anyone who uses a stapler regularly.The stapler arrives in a cardboard box.  There are no included staples, but it uses standard sized staples that you can buy at any local department store or office supply.  I have an older model Swingline stapler at home, so I already had some staples available to try it out.  This a full-sized stapler and has some heft to it which I am sure is due to its solid metal construction.  It staples very smoothly, and I have had no jams or problems with it whatsoever.  There are no instructions included with it, although stapler function is pretty intuitive.  You just pull up on the top half of the stapler to open it for loading staples.  After loading you just push it back down until it clicks.  The stapler is also designed to open up so you can staple without using the base (for example when stapling a paper to a bulletin board).  To do this you simply pull back gently on a lever that is on the bottom of the stapler base towards the back.  The stapler will then open up flat.  When you fold it back it will click back into its normal stapling position.If you are looking for a solid, durable stapler for home or office usage the Swingline Commercial Desk Stapler is an excellent and affordable choice.Just what I expected! A sturdy, heavy metal stapler that looks like it will withstand years of abuse and use in a classroom setting. So far it has worked perfectly. My daughter did notice that it doesn't seem to 'open' so you can staple things to a wall. If it does, I haven't figured out how yet. Says it staples up to 20 sheets but I've so far only tried 10 and it works quite well.Classic, durable stapler.  I can't stand the cheap, mostly plastic ones that can push a staple through a modestly sized document.  The Swingline is my go to office stapler.This is simply a perfect stapler, I cannot think of anything to improve. Next time I need a stapler, I will buy another of these.It sees heavy use and never jams. It can staple relatively thick documents, although for really thick documents you need a special stapler with longer staples.It takes normal staples. It is easy to load. You can unlatch the bottom and use this stapler like a staple gun, to staple directly into a cork board, wall, or telephone pole.Just used this stapler to staple 135 sets of 13 page documents.  Jammed once.  This is a solid stapler. Heavy and metal.Does not come with staples.  Uses standard size.If you are going to staple many papers, and often I do recommend a stapler with a lever, but they cost a great deal more.You can open this up to staple on bulletin boards (push down on the lever on the back underside of the stapler).You can rotate the base plate  (push up from underneath) so that it staples normally (the two points bend in underneath) or outward (the two points bend out underneath).  The outward one has less grip, but is easier to remove.a much maligned piece of office equipment and one we tend to overlook. we're all guilty of misusing a stapler for killing spiders, weighing down loose papers on a desk, even throwing it at useless co-workers which is definitely NOT what the manufacturer had in mind when they made the Swingline Black 44401, but i can assure the reader that it outperforms all other staplers when used in these ways and as a projectile. it also staples papers.Our stapler was always disappearing - we have 2 kids - so seeing this available was a chance to just maybe get our main stapler to stay by the phone where we try to keep it. This is clearly an economy model - very low price - and as expected it is made of plastic and does not feel very solid compared to business class staplers. But, from the kid's perspective mainly just stapling a few sheets of paper together it works great.Overall, recommended for light duty / stapling homework assignments, etc.This stapler fits my needs perfectly. I use it at home for the occasional time I need to staple something and to help my kids with projects or school work. I've owned this brand before and have never had any problems with light use. I would not recommend this for an office environment when it would be used multiple times on a daily basis. I could see it getting jammed or busted easily under that sort of use.Probably the best feature of this stapler is that you can use it to tack things to a wall or such, not just staple papers together *which it also does very well) Also, the fact that it is made from 50% recycled material is noteworthy and applaudable. Other than that, it is a stapler that does its work as advertised.This is a quality stapler that is both lightweight and comfortable to hold.  I think stapling 15 sheets of paper with this is stretching it a bit but it did staple 8 sheets of paper well and works fine in my office.works well I use it every day and it did not jam or stick to the paper.  I will use it again if necessary.I&#8217;ve used it several times and it doesn&#8217;t miss a beat.  (Staples not included).  It is very smooth and fits my girly hand just fine.It is made of &#8220;50% recycled content&#8221; which I assume is the plastic.  There is a coating over the outside, that I cannot feel (which is good), that is supposed to be antimicrobial.  Since staplers can get as germy as phones, that is probably a good thing too.The price is $7.99 so I am putting this in a winner&#8217;s category.This Swingline Standard Stapler is a good choice for home or light office use. This is a very basic stapler that works exactly as expected and should hold up well to normal craft, project, or homework duty.Recommended!CFHThis little staple is perfect for our office. The office manager uses it without any  complaint. I'm assuming that it does the job, with little to no malfunctioning.Not much to write about a stapler lol, but it works well and hasnt let me down at college. Buy itnothing super special but just your average stapler . can't expect more or less from a cheap stapler but if u want better go get the high quality onesyou cannot go wrong with this Swingline brand! Always durable, always well built, and this model is no different, although some lean towards the CLASSIC model, this standard also sets the standard, and will stand up to hard use and wall hangings.For me there are a couple of things I consider when purchasing a stapler. First it needs to be a stapler that can handle the amount of work that I do daily and weekly. Secondly it should be condusive to my work environment. This swingline stapler accomplishes both.I like the fact that it's not easy to jam and that it is suited with the proper footing to stay put and not scuff your desk.A stapler is an important asset to your life in the office, and this one definitely takes care of the job well.It gets the job done.  I put staples in it, press down on it, and my papers get attached to one another.  It is a budget stapler and feels light and cheap, but for sporadic uses, it gets the job done.  If you have an actual office, you will need a more durable commercial stapler.  This is for home use, meant to be used once in awhile type quality.  It works for the price.  I recommend it.This is made of plastic and is lightweight. Obviously there is metal to hold the staples and the area where the staples bend. This is well made and works well. It will staple up to 15 sheets of paper and holds a lot of staples. Light use in a home office would be ok. I really like this unit.This isn't as sturdy as my Red Swingline Stapler that I use at the Office, but being cheaply made is sometimes a plus since it's less likely to get stolen.  Overall, it performs well for a less expensive model, and I'd recommend it.  Hard to go wrong with Swingline.  Docked it a star because it's &#34;good not great,&#34; meaning it doesn't feel as sturdy or well made as the more expensive model - which is somewhat expected.I've always liked Swingline products and have quite a few of them.  I have another light-duty stapler, but this one is more user-friendly.  It's also eco-friendly with 50% recycled content.  I do like to see companies taking this approach, but this is the first one I've seen in the office line.Apparently it's treated with an "antimicrobial agent," however, I think swiping keyboards, this stapler, and other office supplies down with antibacterial wipes now and then works even better.  The feature is nice, but somewhat gimicky.  The stapler works as expected, but didn't come with any staples unfortunately.  A row of them would have been nice.I'd take a pass on this one if you are expecting to flip it open to staple little art projects or notices to a bulletin board because it doesn't open fully.  Very acceptable as a desktop stapler and definitely worth the price.  I do like and have been using the Swingline acrylic desk accessories and these compliment the nice clean look of this stapler.SWINGLINE ACRYLIC DESK ACCESSORIES:Swingline Acrylic Pen CupSwingline Acrylic Memo and Paper Clip HolderSwingline Acrylic Business Card HolderSwingline Inches Acrylic Magazine RackSwingline Acrylic Letter SorterSwingline Acrylic Document TrayThe Swingline Standard Stapler, "Eco Version" is as a very cheap stapler that works well. It is very lightweight, and is mostly recycled plastic. It claims that it can staple 15 pages with Swingline S.F. 4 staples, but don't expect more than a couple of pages with standard staples. It also claims to have "Antimicrobial Protection which repels bacteria and fights off bad odors, fungus, and mildew." Does it? I don't know, but it can't hurt. If you're looking for a cheap stapler for light duty use, for $5 you can't go wrong with the the Swingline Standard Stapler, "Eco Version".It doesn't open all the way, so you can't use it to staple things to bulletin boards and similar tasks. Other than that it works, but feels light and chintzy compared to the traditional metal Swingline stapler. I haven't used it much yet, but based on the feel I doubt it will hold up in the long run.If you're looking for a good basic stapler, then this is a great little option.  We're not looking to have a high-end unit with these - just something to keep on the desk for occasional stapling - and this works perfectly for that usage.In other words, I would highly recommend this if you want something for everybody in the office to have a stapler.  If, on the other hand, you're looking for a primary office stapler, you'll probably want to get something nicer.The Eco Version Swingline Standard Stapler, 15 Sheets, Black, consistently performs as expected with staples being closed on first attempt.  In addition, I like the look of it how it is smooth edges so it is more pleasant to handle.  Thanks ACCO for another great Swingline Stapler.I was really suprised that Swingline would make such a cheap product. First off I thought that the look of it was nice-it has a shiny look to it but then when I touched it I realized that it was made of some sort of cheap plastic. And even worse-when I loaded it with staples it kepts jamming. I tried using it for 2, 5, 10 and 15 pages(it claims that it can handle up to 15 per staple) and each time it jammed up even two pages!  I had to use a stapler removal to get the mangled staple out of my documents.Spend a little more and get one that won't jam as much as this piece of junk did!Skip!SWINGLINE 545 STANDARD STAPLER, 15-page capacity, &#34;ecofriendly&#34;, with antimicrobial coating ~Wow--what a mouthful for a lousy Swingline stapler. Just about everything's there already anyway. If it weren't for the word-count limit I'd leave it at that plus the star rating.However, as an aficionado of the Good Old School, I am a collector and avid utilizer of staplers. Heck, I got straight A's in stapling in college [go ahead, they laughed at me too]. However, no one laughs when they have a packet of papers from City Hall or the doctor's office and need it all stapled.This model is like all things Swingline extremely flimsy. There's no doubt it can handle, oh, around 13 pages (if you must) but one can't help feeling it will break in one's hands in the process of stapling. Anyhow, the &#34;magazine&#34; takes a full &#34;clip&#34; of staples, so that is always a plus at a busy stapling station like mine.I don't see Bostitch staplers anymore, nor do I like these short-lifespan things made of recycled materials. I am not against recycling, but I do wish we'd do it RIGHT.I have a Swingline Standard Stapler and have had it in my office for a number of years. It was cheap and looked nice but hasn't worked nearly as well as the older, cruder model it replaced. Although looking rather attractive it is nowhere nearly as sturdy as my previous stapler. It jams off and on and sometimes gets the staple stuck to where it requires a pliers to remove it. It works fairly well with up to six pages, but beyond that it struggles. I would not regard it as a quality office instrument. There are better staplers available, although they might cost more.Gary PetersonThis is the standard issued stapler for the Seattle Public Schools. It is not as durable as the old version. There is also a higher tendency for the staples to jam.This is not a heavy duty all purpose stapler. For under $6, you would not expect it to be! But it staples up to 15 pages, and will tack a bulletin board, and you won't be out a lot of cash when it mysteriously disappears from your desk as dozens seem to have done for me. What it is is a no nonsense stapler that is a good value, that hapPens to be made in part of recycled material if you are concerned about your &#34;footprint&#34;This Swingline Standard Stapler is stated to be made of 50% recycled product and as a family who tries to do what we can, the use of recycled material is appreciated.The stapler itself is finished in a pleasant black matte finish and is contoured to be comfortable to hold. It is very lightweight and opens so you can use the stapler in a vertical position to staple papers up on a wall or board and makes an audible click when you put it back to its horizontal position.The bottom is rubberized and sits still as you staple. It stapled fine using the standard staples the box indicated to load into it.  Overall, it seems fine for home use. We've used staplers of this caliber before and they've held up to reports being stapled together, receipts being attached to bills, etc.  This isn't a stapler designed for heavy office use or class use, though it would certainly be fine for an individual student if you purchased it for your own child to use.keep your documents, legal papers, and important papers organized.  Stapler is easy to use.  Uses standard size staples.  Great for office or home.This is your standard stapler, with biodegradable plastic, treated with Microban, and takes standard size staples.  It's lightweight. However, the first time the top was opened for loading staples and somehow the loading spring broke.  So- I've never been able to actual use it because the spring that holds the staples in place just &#34;floats&#34; back and forth without tension.  Very disappointing.This is a great stapler from the stapler masters, Swingline.It takes normal, regular standard size staples that are sold at many stores.Recommended.Here's the dilemma---how to review a stapler. After all, even with today's &Uuml;ber-complex products, the simplee stapler remains rather simple in function and design. It does one thing and one thing only. Put the paper in, press the top and that's it. Your pages are stapled. What can you say about a product that simple? Several things, it appears.For one thing, most of my staplers are shorter than the staples that come out of the staple box. That means breaking them apart into smaller lengths and combining the leftovers later on. It's not the world's most difficult issue to be sure, but it is still a bit of a pain. The Swingline Standard Stapler, Eco Version, accepts the staples in one long row--just as they come out of the box. Nice!Although I haven't tried to staple to the max, 15 sheets is quite a bit to staple at one time. Even my cross shredder gets upset when more than ten pieces of paper are placed in its slot at one time. If the Swingline Standard Stapler does work as specified, you can do some rather robust staple jobs with it.On the downside, this is one lightweight stapler. On some items lightweight is a good thing, but not on a stapler. You want it to have some heft and weight allowing it to stay put on your desk. Although the ribbed, rubber-like bottom does help, it's not quite enough to secure the lightweight stapler in one place. Given the mostly plastic construction, I also have concerns as to how the Swingline Standard Stapler will stand up to months or years of abuse. Only time will tell.Now look at this. It really is possible to write a review on a stapler!Great product and cheapest stapler I could find after I compared prices at a few stores. Plus points for being eco friendly! :-)I am using these at work for a fun diversion.  the quality is good and decorating them is a fun diversion.  use sharpies!A stapler is something that I always seem to need on hand and don't have one, so when given the opportunity to review one, I snatched it up.I love this one. It's not a big heavy thing like staplers of old (that I probably used to have before something happened to it). It loads easily, and works just as you want a stapler to work.NOTE: It does not come with staples, so you'll need to order those separately. I had some, so I was able to use it right away.I am generally a huge fan of swingline products, but this stapler is not the best out there. It is budget friendly which is a plus, lightweight and ergonomic made with 50% recycled plastics so its a bit greener than others on the market. We use it at the office daily, it works pretty well with two sheet stapling, which is what we use it for primarily. But, when you go to 8-10 pages it jams although it is supposed to do 15. Overall a bummer as the price is very economical.I like this stapler a lot. It's easy to load the staples and it hasn't jammed at all. I haven't stapled more than five sheets together and I have had no problems with it. It does not come with staples, but I had some no. 4 staples and they're perfect .  I also like the size of it. Nice!I can attest that this is an excellent stapler because I've owned this exact one for 10 years. I keep it in a drawer when not in use, as a result it's as clean and good looking as when it was brand new. In fact, looking at it right now, after using it for 10 years, I amazed that it doesn't have any dents or scratches on it.Some of what the other reviewers say is true when they say that you can't staple a lot of pages with it. Well, it's middleweight stapler at best. I won't do more than 10 pages with it. If I have more than 10 pages, I either use another stapler or use a thick paper clip instead.This is a nice a little stapler that I've used without compliant and without any breakage for 10 years. I don't usually staple more than a few pages at one time and I don't want to keep a big old stapler in my desk so this one is just right for me. I highly recommend it.I only have a couple minor complaints about this that cost it a star, but other than that, it's a solid, well working stapler.First, it's not very grippy on the bottom, so it slides around on my desk.  It *looks* like it's some formed rubber piece but it's not, it's a plastic of some sort.  Also, it only opens up about 130 degrees or so, meaning if you want to use this to staple something to a flat surface, you will end up with staples having to go in at an angle, since there's no way to get this flat and flush on the surface to drive a staple straight in.  There is also no ability with the striker plate to reverse it to make the staples bend outwards instead of inwards like some staplers have.  If this is a requirement, then this is not the stapler for you.  If you're like me and never use the outward method anyway, then it's not an issue.But I DO like the curved base and the somewhat curved top, since if you staple by holding it in your hand, it fits well and is comfortable to use, somewhat ergonomic.It is easier to open and close than some I've used in the past, since I've had models that, after loading, closed with enough force to partially eject one of the staples. This one closes without so much force that it tries to push anything out.The silk screen logo on top would've been better suited farther back on the top, rather than right where people strike, since I can see half of it fading in the not distant future, leaving only &#34;line&#34; as being readable anymore, with the &#34;swing&#34; fading out due to contact with the hand, since I habitually just use the edge of my hand on the end of the stapler to depress it, not the whole hand on the whole top surface.It consistently worked well though, I had no jams, no mis-stapled items.  I generally don't go more than 7 or 8 pages for anything I staple, and this chewed through that without any problems.  Worth the cost within the limitations it has.it is sturdy, doesn't get jammed it is a stapler... it works-- after all what more can you ask forThe Swingline Eco Stapler worked out just fine for me.  The stapler was able to able to handle stapling 20 sheets easily for me, and even stapled through 40 sheets when I tested it out - although the staple had just barely made it.  The stapler is very lightweight and plastic, but this didn't affect the quality of stapling.I've used this stapler several times now and haven't had an issues with jamming, knotting, or anything of the like.  It performs well as a stapler and gets my kids worksheets held together solidly.  One thing I don't like about the stapler is that it doesn't open up quite so wide, so stapling things onto a bulletin board was a bit difficult.  The stapler also did not come with any staples - this was a minor annoyance as I had to go out and buy some.  That aside, it does what a stapler is supposed to do, and keeps my papers all together.Now  I need to buy the staples. Chalk it up to another senior moment. I suggest they show the stapler and the staples that fit that product in the same advertising space.Swingline has a great product in this stapler. It is lightweight but professional looking. Holds standard staples and does the job it advertizes very well by stapling 15 sheets with ease. It also swings open easily so that you can staple on bulletin boards or do crafts.The black color goes with any decor. Rubber bottom holds it to the desk top.We're fans of swing lines - I have the genre favorite red swing line in my office and this little gem here is equality great. It's slightly smaller and lighter than it's big brother but the build quality is terrific. I keep it here at home for the kids to use and there's no better way to test something than to let my kids at it. So far, it has remained unscathed.I've got an oldSwingline 747 Classic Stapler, 20 Sheets, Black (74701)with a manufacture code of February 1994 stamped on the underside of the staple carrier part.  The bottom is stamped with the original Long Island City, NY address for Swingline.  Although bought out by Acco decades earlier, Swingline closed factory operations in New York in 1999, moving to Mexico, then China.  So I think I have one of the old U.S. production models.  In any case, it's served me flawlessly for 2 decades.  I'll probably get around to bequeathing it in my will.  (That's a joke.  But I probably will.)Today's 747 Swingline is a bit lighter and an import but still garners high praise from many.  This "Eco Version", on the smaller side of full-sized staplers, understandably has less of a following.The Eco can staple up to 2.75 inches in from the edge of a piece of paper, vs. 3.75 inch for my old (and presumably also the newer) 747.I'm seeing fairly identical performance with both.  I rarely need to staple 15 or 20 sheets - the stated limits of the Eco and the 747, respectively, but for 4 or 5, they work with equal ease and leave fairly indistinguishable results in terms of the finished staple.  (I know, now ask me how the much lighter and more plastic-y Eco will work 20 years from now.)As with many things, the decision largely comes down to price.  In the under $10 range, I still prefer a full-sized stapler so to my mind the Eco is a pretty good value.  I don't really care at all about its antimicrobial protection because right now what society needs the most is protection against the superbugs that evolve in hospitals and other heavily disinfected environments.  Leave me a can of Lysol to use selectively and let me give the weaker bugs (that I can hope to knock out, if infected) a fighting chance against the "super" ones.  I don't need everything I touch to be impervious to all but that deadly 0.00000000001%The hand feel is good for a lightweight stapler.  Great for an old-enough kid's desk or other situations where disposability might be something of a virtue.  I appreciate that Swingline makes something full size that is only a few bucks more than the better mini staplers.This is a nice heavy quality stapler - Swingline always is!  I wanted something good for my husband's desk and this staple works beautifully for him.This stapler generally work well. Since it contains recycled material, the stapler look cheap and when I hold it, I feel like I could easily break it if I press it too hard. Overall, it's an okay stapler.Basic tool every desk needs. Heavy duty plastic, easy to load and use! Swingline in a trusted name brand. I am very happy with my purchase.Not that I'm the stapler-wielding character from &#34;Office Space&#34; BUT I'm possessive of my stapler. Keeping it loaded and knowing where it's at when needed. Although this newest version makes stapler sharing OK for the germa-phobes. The weighty metal feel is missing and missed. It's heavy duty and staples up to 15 sheets easily. Basically It does what it's supposed to very well.Swingline has made excellent staplers for decades now. My father still uses them in his office and I have one or two at home always.This budget priced stapler will amaze you at how well it works for a very low cost. Just gently pull open the top cover of the "drawer" where the staples will be stored until you use them and then insert the staples. As another reviewer notes, the stapler is manufactured is such a way as to make it difficult for two staples to come out at the same time. That way you get one clean through staple for your documents with no mess. It's all very clean cut.Obviously, if you need to staple huge bundles of paper at a time, this stapler might not be up to such an extreme challenge. People usually have a pretty intuitive feel for how many pages of paper can be stapled by this. They say it can staple up to twenty sheets of paper; but if your paper is very "heavy" (or, thick) than it might be able to staple something more like 15 or 16 pages of paper.Overall, this is a very well made stapler that will easily last you years. The staples that go with the staples are just as nicely priced as this stapler itself. I highly recommend this stapler by Swingline for your home office and general purpose needs.I was "issued" this stapler to use in my high school classroom.  After less than one academic year, the spring broke inside.  I replaced the spring with a rubber band, and got another few months of use out of it.  But after the rubberband broke, I decided to purchase one for myself.  I'm trying to find one not made in China.If you ever need to staple 16 pages then this is not the stapler for you because it will not work. For 15 pages or fewer then it is a great stapler. There is an additional up side to having a plastic stapler on your desk.... No one will ever steal it. Ever. It is not a nice enough stapler for a coworker to steal. If you really want you can write your name on it but you probably don't have to.It takes standard sized staples.It opens up so that you can staple something to the wall.The metal piece on the bottom portion that bends the staple after it goes through the paper will bend the staple towards the middle or out (most people like in but I prefer out).We must own about 10 staplers ... 8 of which are Swingline. If you are stapling a lot, I recommend splurging and getting one of the more expensive Swingline models. If, however, you are just needing a stapler to have in case you need to staple something, this stapler is perfect. It is not a heavy duty stapler.I received this stapler just after my last Swingline died.  There was a plastic part inside the old one that somehow got jammed and I was unable to fix it.  In this Swingline the inner parts are metal, and hopefully will not suffer the same fate as the old one.  The stapler works as well as I would expect a stapler to work.  Definitely recommended for anyone who needs a household stapler.This is not Swingline's best effort. Made of plastic unlike their better models, it works most of the time. Unfortunately, mine jams somewhat frequently. Another thing that I am not crazy about is that when reloading the staple tray, sometimes it is very difficult to get the top open. When it does come open, it can cause the remaining staples to fly everywhere.On the plus side, it seems durable, is inexpensive, and because of it's muted color, won't attract any stapler stealing freaks (or SSFs) in your office.Swingline is "name" in staplers, and this does not disappoint!  I wanted just a basic stapler near the printer, a well priced item!I gave this as a gift to my husband. He really likes this stapler. Compared to the old metal one of his father's, this one is lightweight. It is easy to load staplers; you just lift up the top portion. It has a rubber bottom, so the stapler stays put when you use it. You only need to press down one time to staple. Since it's lightweight, it is easy to press down compared to the heavier metal ones. It is also easy to clean.I have a heavy Swingline stapler on my desk and my grandchildren keep taking it.  I decided to get them their own and wanted one a someone lighter one (in case they dropped it).  They love this one and it has held up well to their rough handling!  I highly recommend it.This is an awesome stapler and I really can't believe it's so inexpensive!  It has a good weight to it and I've stapled through ten sheets of paper with virtually no effort at all.  It really is a quality product and one I expect to last a long time!It seems like these staplers are getting more flimsy each year. This one has very light weight plastic and very lightweight metal. When you pick it up, it feels like a very low quality product. I did not get good results with it and am not happy with it. I would suggest spending a little more and getting a more solidly built model.Swingline staplers are good, reliable staplers, and this one is no exception. It feels sturdy, and has help up to moderate use so far. I keep this one in the front of my classroom for student use, so it takes some abuse and still keeps doing the job. I have no evidence that the "anti-microbial" feature really works, but if true, this is ideal for a classroom situation where kids are sharing their germs all day, and spreading them all over every available surface and object. I am always glad to see recycled products that also get the job done.Keep in mind, this is an inexpensive light duty stapler and should not be purchased if used frequently, or for thick, mullti-page stacks.  I would consider this best suited for light home use for people who need to staple occasionally, not for a home office or, realistically, a school setting.However, the cheapness of this stapler is a plus as I can leave it unattended in my classroom, and there is no great (expensive) loss if a student (or fellow teacher) "borrows" it for an extended period.:DSo, if you need a decent, inexpensive, light duty stapler, then this is a good option.I don't really &#34;Love It,&#34; but I've never had any problems with Swingline.  This is a decent made-in-China stapler that claims to be 50% recycled materials.  It says it'll staple up to 15 sheets together, but I've used it to staple more than 20 with no problem.This stapler might be useful at home with small numbers of pages -- 10 or less -- but people tend to avoid using it in a busy office -- they don't seem to trust that it will really staple 15 or so pages -- they tend to go to the bigger staplers.Tough to review -- it works ok on a test basis, but is often found buried behind all kinds of other stuff.The jury is out here.Robert C RossMay 2014Despite the almost "cultish" devotion to Swingline's "Limited Edition Rio Red" stapler (costing 4 times the price of the pictured Swingline Standard model), I received ample proof that, even with the extra weight and size, Rio Red is far from indestructible.  All it took was an accidentental drop of about 5 feet onto a hard-wood floor to put it permanently out-of-commission (or at least beyond the "fix-it" capabilities of most casual users).  The Swingline Standard model is a no-brainer--especially given the increased price disparity between the two models.  Still, if the color red is your thing, choose to be different (but remember to wash your hands after each use).I got a chance to add this stapler to the office and I like it. First off the bottom is made of a semi flexible rubber so the unit doesn't slide all over the place. The staples go in easy and with little effort you can mechanically connect pieces of paper together.This unit does not come with staples you will have to get your own.I'll be honest, not the easiest thing to write a review for a stapler.  It's had an antimicrobial coating applied to it.  But it doesn't feel sticky so that's good.  It's made of 50% recycled content.  Also they didn't kill any trees with any instructions or anything.  So don't loose the box or you won't know what the recommended staple size is.  (Swingline S.F. 4 Staples)  And that's it.  Adequate but nothing special.  But for the price it's kinda what you expect anyway.So in the picture it looks like a plain white stapler, which I really liked & why I had bought it. BUT, when it came in the mail, it had that black colored design at the bottom & it wasn't even white. It was more of a grayish white type color. Anyway, it does what it's supposed to get done, the only reason why I don't want to return is due to the color, it's such a hassle to mail back so might as well keep, as it is for home use only anyway. I recommend getting the black one if you don't like the grayish-white color, as for price it was an alright average stapler.I've been using it almost daily since Nov. 2011 and its still works great! I am happy with it for the price i paid.I have always used Swingline staplers at work and home, with SF4 Swingline staples and have always been pleased.  I was very surprised and disappointed when this stapler arrived and, using the same SF4 Swingline staples, it had trouble stapling through packets of paper that never gave my other staplers any trouble.  I am not impressed.For the same price or less, you can buy better quality Swingline staplers that feel better and work more consistently.  Unless you are never stapling more than 8 or 9 sheets of paper together, I would look elsewhere.  Currently the Swingline 44401 is the same price as this and works much better.Swingline Commercial Desk Stapler, 20 Sheets, Black (44401)It can handle maybe 20-30 pages comfortably.  Anything more, and you better hope you have a nice quick karate chop.  It's easy to remove jammed staples and is not bad.I have had other brands of staplers, and after a few rounds of stapling they would just jam or bend staples, the Swinglines have never gave me any trouble, that might be why mine keep getting stolen from my desk, so with the price like this I wont be as upset if I lose this one, Great product.This is a standard office stapler.  It uses standard staples, and easily staples 15 sheets together.  This is the eco version.  I guess that refers to use of recycled materials.  A nice plus.It staples well, looks decent, and well, that is about all a stapler has to do.  It easily staples through the 5 or six pages I have used it for.  Not sure how many it could do, but I don't care.  For eight bucks, I can't complain.A stapler isn't a very exciting office product, though I'm sure they were very exciting when invented in the late 1800s. Can't you imagine what an innovation it seemed at the time?I have a penchant for office supplies. Just one of the odd quirks that form my (perhaps odd and quirky) personality, so I've both owned a number of staplers for use at my home, and used a lot of staplers owned by various companies where I've worked for many years of employment. Actually I remember buying myself a tiny Swingline Stapler in the 1960's from a &#34;five and dime&#34; store.  It was only a couple of inches long and held maybe 10 - 15 staples. Boy did I think I was cool.This Swingline is lightweight plastic, but it still feels like a substantial tool. It doesn't feel flimsy at all. It's very comfortable in the hand, and though I just stapled with a few minutes, it is so well balanced and comfortable that my hand didn't experience any fatigue at all. I've never been a stapler slapper - I'm gentle with all my tools - so I don't know how well it works if you slam your hand or fist on the top. I know it works without fail from the first staple to the last when you press it gently (but authoritatively!) as it rests on a firm surface, as it also does  when held in one hand and squeezed.I stapled 16 pages of 20lb. copy paper without a fail. The description says it will staple 15 sheets, but it handled the 16 very well. .This elegantly pretty stapler now has a home in my desk drawer beside a couple of other models, including the classic 747 model. . And while I may not use it a lot anymore, I know without a doubt that if and when I do need it, it will be ready and able to perform for me excellently.This swingline product goes green....with 50% recycled content.  That's what we teach in school....reduce, reuse and recycle...so I like supporting that concept.  It is very light, easy to open and load with staplers.  All good.  I must point out that the unit will not open 180 degrees.  If you use your stapler to staple on walls (we do at our elementary school) or other large surfaces, it could be problematic.  It opens about 170 degrees, but not the full 180 degrees.  I hope this helps.At not much more than 1/3 the price of theSwingline 747 Classic Stapler, you get a practical stapler that works well. It's rated at 15 sheets, compared to the 20 sheets of the 747, but it doesn't seem to struggle with more sheets than it's rated for.Compared to the 747, it looks smaller. But it's about the same length from end to end. The distance from the part where the staples come out to the part where the stapler pivots is also the same length for both staplers. But this stapler is lighter and has more plastic. The metal part is less visible, giving it the illusion of being smaller than it is. As with other similar staplers, it can be folded open to staple things to flat surfaces such as bulletin boards or wall. This opens short of 180 degrees, placing the tip on the surface at an angle. But the angle seems to work quite well for attaching things to walls. There is no release lever for opening it, so you'll have to be careful not to eject a staple when opening or closing it.One of the purported features of this stapler is environmental friendliness. But the fine print tells you that it's 50% recycled content. And the finer print tells you that the number refers to the top part only. So if you are concerned about keeping plastic out of the landfills, this doesn't seem as if it will help in the long run compared to the 747, which is mostly metal. This stapler also comes with a one year limited warranty, compared to the lifetime limited warranty of the 747. That's not to say that this will fall apart after a year. I can't say how long it will last, and it will most likely last far longer. But I would expect an environmentally friendly product to be designed to last as long as possible.The stapler also features an anti-microbial design. Desktop items are good at picking up germs from regular use, and if this stapler's resistance saves you one trip to the pharmacy over its lifetime, that feature will let the stapler pay for itself. The technology for antimicrobial surfaces is mature enough that I would expect it to be effective. Thus of all the hyped features, this one may be the one that could make a real difference.Overall, I didn't find that this stapler lived up to its major selling point, but it works well and is a good stapler for the price. Had they not made the claim about environmental friendliness, I would have found that this deserves at least four stars, perhaps even more considering that it's a bargain.I have used Swingline staplers for over 50 years, and am still using the first one I purchased. This new stapler is smaller and lighter weight than my first one, but it works wonderfully. As advertised, I was able to staple 15 sheets with no difficulty.This model is advertised as "ECO Friendly" and "antimicrobial." It is made from 50% recycled material and "contains a coating that has been treated with an antimicrobial agent to protect the product from bacterial odor, fungal, mold and mildew growth." The top part of the unit is made from 90% recycled material.It comes with a limited one-year warranty.For the money, I think you cannot beat this unit.It certainly meets the advertised specification of fastening something on the order of 15 sheets so this device is suitable for light home use.  However, having used this brand for many years, I am tempted to conclude that this one seems a tad flimsier than they used to be.  And they don't even include any staples.It's just a regular stapler. It is made out of recycled plastic, so that's nice. It is light weight, unlike the ones with the heavy metal bottoms. It says that you can staple up to 15 sheets, but I stapled up to 20 without any issues. It is easy to load.  It also opens up so you can staple without the bottom attached as well.  That is helpful for stapling thin items onto a core board.The title says it all.  It is the same 'ol, same 'ol. Nothing new to the design of the stapler, the staples or the staple remover.  In fact I have been using a different type of staple remover that slips under the head of the staple between it and the paper because it doesn't tear the paper like the old kind (the one in this kit) does.  I can't fault and of the features as they are tried and true.  We'll see how long it lasts, but I don't think it is as sturdy as Swingline made them in the old days with all hardened steal.  So for that reason and the lack of any noticeable technological evolutionary change in each component I give it 4 out of 5 stars.This stapler actually worked exactly the way I imagined it would based on other reviews and what I'd heard about it. Super easy to load and reload - doesn't require hardly any effort and anyone could do it. I was able to successfully staple 18 sheets of paper with very little effort, and may have been able to push for more if I really laid into it with some force. The wide base makes it easier to staple down on to when standing up with the stapler sitting at a desk. Very glad we got this and will be purchasing more for the office for sure!The Swingline stapler is an industry standard.  The stapler action is smooth and efficient.  Also, it takes standard size staples (included), and can easily handle 10+ sheets at a time.  With the included box of 5K staples you probably won't need to buy new staples for years.  The rubber foot keeps the stapler from sliding around, and I like that too.I also like the staple remover.  I reach for mine several times a week.  That's a nice addition.All in all, a well thought out package for any need - home, school, office...5 stars.And it's Swingline!  What more can you ask?  Seriously, it's what it is and well made.  Simple enough.  Works well and includes a taple remover.  What I like is the antimicrobial factor, so hopefully that works well.What you get here is good for the price.  You get a stylish Swingline stapler, 5,000 staples and a staple remover.  But upon closer inspection you see the stapler is very lightweight and made of very thin plastic.  In the item description it states it is perfect as a workplace stapler.  I don't agree.  This stapler is meant for basic use in a home environment where it will get casual use.  If it were to get regular ongoing steady use it wouldn't hold up.  The plastic would eventually crack and the stapler only goes through a couple of pieces of paper at a time.  It is in no way meant for the heavy traffic in a work environmentBut if your purpose is for casual use or within a home office as I stated this stapler set really is a great deal.  The stapler is attractive and with casual use its lightweight making would be ideal.  So if basic use is your intent this stapler package is a great deal.This stapler works as it should. The product description says it can staple up to 15 sheets. I tried stapling well over 15 sheets and it fastened them, no problem. I like that when you open the stapler to load the staples, it stays open on its own so you don't have to hold it open while you load it. The staple remover also works well and gets the job done. I like that the set comes with a box of staples. I won't be needing to purchase staples (or a new stapler) for a long time!The basic mechanics of all staplers are the same. And as labeled on the package of this Swingline Stapler Value Pack this is your standard device. The package includes the stapler, a staple remover and a box of 5,000 staples- the&#8221; bonus pack&#8221;. Staplers come in different sizes to serve different needs. The smallest I own is about the size of the staple remover included in this package.In my experience Swingline is a good brand. I am using this product at home and I expect it to last a long time. So far I see nothing at all to complain about- it staples well and does not jam. Yes, it has more plastic parts than staplers from the past but that will be a problem only if one keeps dropping the product on hard floor. Handle with care.Not as nice as the metal ones, but a nice sturdy stapler that comes with staples and staple remover. It's tough to beat Swingline. If you need a stapler, this one is a good choice.Ok, so this is a value pack and for $12 you get a stapler, staples, and staple-puller. It is a good deal. But the stapler itself is pretty cheap. I didn't think it would really matter, but I use this in a classroom and compared to the 3-4 other staplers, this one is noticeably cheaper. If you don't really care about durability, this is fine...it is a good deal, after all. But if you need durability, spend a little more money.I'm using this to replace a much older, much heavier Swingline stapler that has lasted for years.  This one is easy to use, staples smoothly, and weighs a fraction of what the older stapler weighs.  It's also shorter.  The bottom of this stapler has a piece of molded plastic -- not a rubber removable nonskid pad that was on the older stapler.  The case is plastic.  The older stapler is metal.  I've had the old one for  many years -- it's functional, but it is heavy and unattractive.  I don't know if the plastic will hold up as well in the long run, but I expect that it will last for as long as I will be using it.  I was able to staple about 18 pages with this stapler -- anything more than that is too much for this stapler.  If you're looking for a good, general-purpose stapler and a lifetime supply of staples, look no further.This is stapler. It comes with staples. It works very well. I can staple15-20 pages very easily and without jamming. It will punch the staple through your stack of papers, without jamming, every time, guaranteed. It also has a staple remover that works very well and feels solidly made. A great value starter pack - the Swingline staplers are the standard when it comes to stapling.Lightweight stapler good for general use. Great value when bought together. Will staple up to 15 sheets of 20# paper (standard copy paper) and it holds well. Good Swingline reputation.This is a great set.  Has a standard black stapler; it's lightweight but staples well.  Has a large amount of extra staples, if only using periodically it could last a few years.  The staple remover is a nice touch and very handy.  Overall, a great set I would recommend!If you be doing lots of stapling and for many years. I would say you need to buy a Bostich. But if you are going to just do occasional stapling this Swingline Stapler Value Pack is for you. I have had a Bostich for years and never had any trouble with it. It is made out of heavy duty metal and is easy to load.For my husband, this stapler is fine. He is careful with mechanisms and appreciates the lighter weight of this stapler. It came with a box of 5,000 staples and a great staple remover.  He will be careful not to drop it and it fastens the paper tightly.I highly recommend this stapler if you just do occasional stapling but Bostich if you do quite a bit of stapling.You can always count on Swingline products and this package includes not just the stapler but also a large number of staples and a staple remover&#8230;all at a reasonable price.  The stapler is easy to load and has yet to jam or malfunction.  Reliability is a good thing.This Swingline Stapler is plastic and not the best unit made, however, I do keep it on hand for an extra stapler. It does a OK job stapling say 4 sheets together, as it is a lightweight and general purpose stapler.For my everyday stapler, I prefer a more heavy duty one such as the Swingline Commercial Desk Stapler:http://www.amazon.com/Swingline-Commercial-Stapler-Sheets-Black/dp/B00006IFKT/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid;=1398273837&sr;=8-2&keywords;=staplerFor occasional use and lightweight use, this stapler works fine. However, in an office or commercial type situation, this is not the best stapler.If you're looking for a basic stapler, this is really all that you need. The model itself does feel a bit cheap (it's plastic, not metal), but for the price of the set, you can't expect a fancy stapler. The stapler can bind about 15 pages at a time, and a nice feature is that the plastic is anti-microbial (I keep it in my classroom, and with tons of students using it all the time, I appreciate this extra feature). The set includes a big box of standard staples, as well as a staple remover.If you're in the search for a simple stapler starter kit- no frills, just your basic office item- this is perfect for you.This is a nice, attractive, well-priced set. What else can you say about a stapler? It staples well, gets through a decent-sized stack of papers without jamming or malfunctioning (I was able to get through 17 pages with no problem.), it comes with an old-school shark-toothed staple-remover, and a box of 5,000 staples, which should ensure that you never need to buy staples again in your lifetime. Not bad for the price.This stapler does work well for now but it feels very lightweight and cheap that I don't expect it to last long. It is definitely not for heavy use and only for a more occasional user. It is a nice set with the staples included in the package, no need to guess what size to get. If you need a cheap stapler then this is a good buy and will last for a while just don't expect it to last for years.This is a great little office stapler. It works well in the home or office and seems to be holding up to moderate abuse from me smashing it with my fist to staple things. It came with a box of staples and a stapler remover. For the price you can't beat this for quality and affordability!Reviewing a stapler is a bit of a challenge.  There isn't a whole lot to say about it unless there are problems, really.This Swingline Stapler did not have problems.  I could staple two pieces of paper together easily, and I could also staple a big stack.  The stapler didn't snag or jam up at all for me.The staples that came in this kit are good quality.And the remover does its little jaws thing and removes staples just fine.I've used only Swingline brand staplers and staples for years. They don't tend to snag like the cheap office store brand ones (which shall go unnamed), and their staplers are solid enough to last for years. I got this one because I moved homes, and lost my old one. It was nice to have a full set with the staples included. To test it out, I stapled a stack of papers together that was on standard copier paper, but was about 24 sheets or so. I stapled it at school, where I printed it out. The staples snagged. Even though the stapler was Swingline, I know for a fact that the office supply company they use doesn't use Swingline brand staples.I took that same stack of papers home, and this stapler managed to get the staple in on the first try. The box of staples is enough to last me and my family into the second coming of christ, so it'll likely be the last one I'll have to buy for a good long time.Two things that I have from Amazon that I find indispensable.  One, my Amazon basic paper shredder, and two, my new stapler from  Swingline.  Both come into use almost daily.The stapler helped me bunch and organize my 2014 taxes neatly.  My old hand held stapler wouldn't penetrate sufficient pages to be of any use for all those computer print outs.  The Swingline effortlessly stapled together the forms from my state return (16 pages), and for the Federal forms let me bunch and staple the forms into sections so that they are easily accessed and reviewed.I had long ago lost my staple puller and resorted to prying them loose with a letter opener.  Nice to have a puller again.  Though was received free thru Vine, it would be a good bargain at the offering price.I've used Swingline for over 20 years, learning about its good quality. This Stapler performs well, and is extremely useful for both home, and office. The Deluxe Remover is just as handy as the Stapler itself, and the fact that it also comes with 5,000 staples, saves time, and money. I've run out of staples countless times, which is frustrating when you need them right away. I use this Stapler a great deal for work, and home, making sure I always have plenty of staples available.The smooth Top Bar is comfortable, and I've never had a problem using this Swingline Stapler. But, over the years, I tried other products, and this is top of the line in comparison. A few other products broke quickly, or I always had a jam with the staples. Swingline lasts for years, and this is the best Value Pack I have found.On the average, I will staple 5-10 sheets of paper together, and you can staple up to 15 sheets with no problems. This product is very much needed in my office, for projects, and for home use. Good quality at a reasonable price. Highly recommended!It's noting spectacular or out of the ordinary nor does it pretend to be. It's sturdy enough and works as you would expect. It's a nice set for a student desk as it comes with the pincher type staple remover, which works best instead of fingernails, as well as a box of staples.This is nice light good quality stapler.  The kit comes complete with staple remover, staples and stapler.  The unit is constructed of plastic so it is much lighter than the metal variety.  It functions as designed.  So if you are looking for desk top stapler that can handle less than 15 pages, it'll work well.  I haven't tried it on more, but I probably could bump it up a few more pages, but there wasn't need to do so.This is a good set so you do not need to buy each piece separate.  It is the typical stapler that works well.  Only time will tell whether it is durable.This is a great set of office stapler products.You get a great  standard Swingline stapler, a box of 5000 staples, and a staple remover.Of course when you think of staplers, you think Swingline, the stapler and stapler products masters.Very recommended!Everyone needs a stapler now and then and I am no different.  For most of us, including myself, the old stapler we conger up when thinking about days gone by is the big metal one that was always sitting on a desk.  Those pretty much lasted forever, but not everyone wants or needs such bulk, along with what they cost depending on how much you really need it. This Swingline stapler may be made of plastic, but its a quality plastic in my opinion.  Not cheap and really thin like I have come across many times in such products. Personally I think it would take quite a drop or hit to crack or break. It's very light and easy to use, and all the working parts inside it are metal, (including the spring) as they should be.  It loads and works like a classic old heavy stapler does and it operated just fine for me when using it the traditional way, as well as pulling it open for flat on use...In conclusion, this stapler is very reasonably priced considering you get 5000 staples along with it, and a staple remover as well. In my opinion, this is a very nice stapler indeed for light, occasional use, which is probably what the majority of users considering it would want or need it for.  It's light, a nice size but still easy to store away, and as far as I am concerned,  not a bad stapler at all.. : )The plastic body of this stapler feels a bit cheap but the solid rubber bottom compensates for this.  5000 staples to boot, plus the remover (albeit nothing special about it) sold as a set, makes this is a valid purchase.  I have a solid metal Swingline stapler which probably will last a lifetime whereas this plastic stapler I can't see having a long life if used a lot - but then again I highly doubt I nor many people are doing whole lot of stapling these days.  Like anything else, shop around but given this is a set, its worth it.I pop this great little stapler into my therapy bag and go! It's lightweight and slim...not bulky. Comes  with staples and a remover. Staples are strong and hold well. Great price.I have a stapler on my desk that I've had for almost 30 years (wow, that ages me). It's a Faber Castell and it has never failed me. However, we have other desks in the house, for kids and my husband, that also need staplers. the kids especially can be tough on staplers and they can also disappear in the netherworld of their rooms. So having a basic stapler like this Swingline is good enough for their needs. It does a fine job stapling, comes with a box of staples and a staple remover.It feels okay in your hands, nowhere near as solid as my 30 year beast - too much lightweight plastic and less metal. But it works cleanly and good enough for the price.If you have to staple a lot, I would suggest investing in a more expensive, sturdier model. Otherwise this is should be fine.We seem to always be missing a stapler or staple remover in our house, so I ordered this set so we don't have to keep hunting them down! Swingline is a great brand and this stapler seems to be no exception.I like the fact that this stapler is not terribly heavy, but it doesn't feel fragile. It works well without a huge amount of force required. The staples are easy to insert and the unit opens and closes without any trouble.I have used a lot of office supplies throughout my work history, and I admit to a weirdly-specific affinity toward Swingline staplers.  I still have one I bought fifteen years ago that I took with me on a couple of jobs I've had.  I made sure going in that it was known I was bringing my own stapler, and it would be going out with me when I left.This stapler is very nice and has an aesthetically appealing semi-matte, lightly textured finish.  It also has a nice heft to it, not flimsy at all.  The package includes a staple remover (quirkily enough also known as a decleater) and a box of 5000 staples. The antimicrobial aspect of it is irrelevant to me, and I can't say I've ever purchased any office supplies that boast this perk.  I can't even imagine this aspect even playing into the decision-making progress.  It's a mildly interesting footnote, in my opinion.  Seriously, if someone is expecting their stapler to kill the germs they deposit on it from their hands (or wherever), then I'd say they're confused about the concept of general hygiene, or how germs work, or indeed the actual purpose of staplers.If you need a stapler, you can't go wrong with this very nice package.  It is what it is, but it's a very good one.This is handy. I like that you receive the stapler, remover and a decent box of staples. I'm set!Pretty basic stapler, nothing ultra smooth or sleek about it. It hasn't jammed on me though so I can't complain. I'd prefer the ultra quiet smooth one I have at work but really, it's a stapler and this does the trick! :)It's hard to review a stapler (much less a stapler set) because the basic function hasn't changed since my grandfather's time.  This one does the job - fastens paper quickly and reliably and without jams.  The set includes a large box of staples - more than I am likely to use in the next 10 years given a mostly paper-less future - and a staple remover which does the job every time I've needed it while retaining it's &#34;Vampire Pac Man&#34; style.Recommended.With 5000 staples and a staple remover, this swingline is a bonus.It is light weight but has a firm pinch on paper.This is a good all-in-one set for small office use.  We have used it in a small firm for a few weeks after being dissatisfied with some off-brands that we bought at the local office supply store.  Amazon's price was great.The stapler seemed lighter than I expected because we still used an old Swingline that must be from the 1980's.  That thing is heave and had taken a lot of abuse over the years.  This one feels lighter, but has performed slightly better because it hasn't jammed or mis-stapled anything less than 25 pages thick.  A lot has changed since the 80's ;) and the lighter feel has advantages and disadvantages.  While I'm not sure this stapler will 30 years like the other one has, we are switching to stand-up desks, so the lighter stapler is less likely to break a toe if it falls from the high desk.Very happy with it.  Good value.I already own the slightly more expensive all steel version of the Swingline stapler, which uses the same staples, so I was reasonably pleased with the build quality of this lighter plastic material. Loading the staples was actually easier than my steel version. I had to press a staple to &#34;lock&#34; the steel stapler. The plastic stapler &#34;locked&#34; without me wasting a staple.Getting a 5,000 count staple pack and staple remover makes this a no-brainer at this price. I'll be using this in my college office, hopefully for a long time. Highly recommended.It's a stapler, with staples, and a staple remover.I'm not sure what I could add to express that it works as it should.It's handy that they all came together in a pack.So, WHO gets excited about a stapler?Well, these days I get excited whenever a product lives up to its advertising claims.The claims for this stapler include that it can staple 15 pages of 20 pound paper.Yes, it does that easily.  As a teacher, I used to staple lots of pages of notebook paper, so I tried it on some typical notebook paper.No problem--it easily stapled 16 pages.  So I tried 32 pages!  Yes, almost effortlessly and very neatly it handled 32 sheets of notebook paper!!As advertised, it opens easily for tacking projects, like attaching papers to a bulletin board.I like the easy-loading feature:  the top opens fully to allow easy insertion of a new set of staples.This value pack  includes an efficient staple-remover and a box of 5000 staples, making this value pack, at just over ten dollars, a real value!Setting up a home office, sending a kid off to college, got enlisted in helping with school or office tasks, suddenly find yourself needing to staple pages together for the first time?  Get this set.It's a basic, lightweight stapler that is perfect for most smaller tasks that require standard sized staples. With the staple remover and box of 5000 staples, this pulls together what you'd need to start with.  A while back, when I had large stapling needs, I got a PaperPro 60-Sheet High-Capacity Stapler, but have gotten tired of changing staple sizes and so have gotten in the habit of having loose sheets. And used my fingernails to take staples out. No more. Big stapler for big tasks, this one for most everything else, a box of staples that will keep me supplied for about 4800 stapling tasks (gotta figure 200 get wasted one way or another), and a remover that will most certainly get more usage than I expected.This stapler does everything a home stapler should do. As a bonus, it includes tons of staples and a staple remover, but it's still a little overpriced. I have only owned it for a few months and haven't used it much, so I can't review its longevity. If I experience any problems, I will update the review.Good stapler. Pretty simple and straightforward.It doesn't have a ton of weight to it compared to other staplers that we've used, but it's construction has been strong enough for our use, and having a stapler that doesn't weigh a ton isn't a bad thing as long as it works, and this one does. No trouble with it jamming.The staple remover is a nice addition to the pack.This is a great starter set. It includes everything you need: stapler, staples and staple remover. The stapler and staple remover both feel sturdy and are the quality I would expect from Swingline. It's not as heavy duty as the more expensive all-metal ones, but it still feels durable. The stapler opens and closes effortless for adding staples.Overall, no complaints at all.I like this swingline stapler and staple remover. It has a nice medium weight and seems to be built pretty durable.  So far I have been using it a few weeks and I only had one hangup, although it was probably my fault when I put the staples in. I was easily able to do 20 sheets together. and it does open all the way for tacking signs on boards. There is also a nice rubber sleeve on the base to keep it stationary when in use. Overall, I really like the set and see it lasting for many years.The New York-New Jersey Trail Conference where I am a volunteer uses a number of staplers. They seem to come and sometimes go, and with as many as 50 people in the offices at a time there is always a demand for staplers.This set lasted several weeks and saw apparently heavy use in an area next to the copying machine. Really, no complaints from anyone -- I was tempted to give five stars, but cannot really judge how many times it was actually used.Robert C RossMay, 2014Does its job without fuss.  Has a nice staple puller and staples in it.  Very sturdy.  Great for  someone looking for a stapler.It's a nice, plain, lightweight Swingline stapler. It staples up to 15 pages perfectly. It comes with 5000 standard-size staples and a staple remover. Its appearance is unremarkable but not unattractive. Based on my previous experience with Swinglines, I'll probably lose it long before it breaks or I run out of staples. And the price seems completely reasonable. It won't change your life, but I can't think of a thing to complain about, either.I admit it:  I'm an office supply junkie. You can never, in my opinion, have too many office supplies, and that includes staplers. This Swingline Standard Stapler Value Pack is absolutely one of my best purchases recently! Not only does it work well, it comes with an extra box of staples and a staple remover. I'm definitely set--and will probably be hiding this one from my family so it's where I need it to be when I need it! Definitely a winning combination and a good value.This is a good set for my home office, a light weight stapler, 5000 staples, and staple remover.  The stapler holds one full strip of staples (210 of them).  And the staple remover works well, one pull removal.Nothing fancy about this, but for the price it is terrific product. Everyone knows the Swingline brand, and for good reason. I have used their staplers for years and this one will get plenty of usage too. It's fairly small, lightweight, but sturdy and functional. It's a good &#34;light duty&#34; stapler, rather than a real workhorse. It comes with a small staple remover and a box of 5,000 staples. The product boasts &#34;antimicrobial product protection,&#34; which means it has been coated with something intended to limit bacteria, mold, and mildew growth. They remind you not to forget to still wipe it down every once in awhile - especially if multiple people are using it. Not much else to say - I expect to be stapling with this for a long time to come.I had been using an old desk stapler for years. It didn't look great, but it did the job, so I figured the cosmetic appearance was second to functionality in importance, and I never replaced it. Recently, however, the stapler wasn't getting the staples through the paper, even if only two or three pages were being stapled.So I chose this Swingline set for two reasons. First, the name is foremost in the field of staplers. Swingline staplers are no-nonsense, everyday tools for the desk and office. No frills, nothing fancy. Just durable workhorses. Second, the stapler comes with a staple remover (always good to have handy) and a box of staples.I was surprised at how easily the stapler works, compared to my old one. I guess I got used to its gradual deterioration and simply put up with it out of pure lethargy. I am happy I finally decided to replace it.The stapler is easy to load and is strongly constructed, so it will stand up under lots of stapling. It will also survive an occasional accidental drop on the floor (I know this from experience!). This Swingline stapler offers excellent value for the money.I've owned a lot of staplers. Some are ancient, others are newer, and all I ask of any of them is to work perfectly. I don't like jams, I don't like misfires, and I like staplers that are easy to refill. Well, this one is pretty good. Not as large or heavy as some of mine, but not cheap cheap either. If you need a slightly smaller stapler for your desk, this will work.I am biased - I have been using Swingline staplers for about 45 years.  I have the heavier 747 metal ones which have always been reliable.  I like the new lighter plastic one and it staples just as well as my metal one.  The set includes 5000 staples (this will last forever) and a staple remover.  What else can you want?Since it gets harder to use the heavier metal staplers as you get older (strength and arthritis can affect can really make a difference in how you can handle anything - especially heavy items) it was a great idea of ACCO brands to make a lighter stapler for every day use.  THANKS.P.S. The only reason I gave this product 4 stars instead of 5 stars is I do not know how long this stapler will last because it is plastic - will it break if I drop it?  I hope not to find out.  The mechanical part is just the same as the metal models and time will tell if the body will last.The stapler in this set is lightweight and feels cheap.  I've been using it for a few weeks now and it works fine, though.  The staple remover also feels cheap but works fine as well.  I question the future longevity of the set due to it feeling cheap and due to others' reviews.  I also own an old metal bostitch stapler and I must say it is sturdier than this one.The back end of the stapler has a slightly different curve to its case, and there are a couple other minor aesthetic changes, but it is still basically the standard Swingline that has dominated desktops for decades.(Since we're talking staplers, I want to get it out of my system at how it bothers me when I see people raise their hands, and pound down on a stapler like they're playing Whack-A-Mole without a mallet. It doesn't do their hand any good, nor does it do the stapler any good. If this is how you staple, you're going to need a special, all-metal stapler as none of the standard staplers out there will put up with that kind of abuse for any length of time.)This bundle includes a good-quality, standard staple remover, and a box of 5000 staples, so most people will be set for quite some time. And after all, who really wants to think about stapling? We just want a stapler that'll be there in working condition, and some staples ready to load because we're not planning ahead. The stapler, and staples just should be there, and work -- right?If you need something special, there are specialty staplers out there, but if you just want a normal stapler that's ready to use when you need it, here's your choice.Got this for work reports that average 25-30 pages.  Just got too frustrating trying to use a regular stapler.  This just punches through stacks of paper from 20-55 pages with hardly any effort at all.  Have not had a jam or a single wasted staple.  Use the correct staples for this model and you won't ever want to go back to the weak average desktop stapler when you have more than 15 pages to put together.  A bit larger than the average stapler but not too much heavier.I was actually looking at the Stanley Bostitch B310HDS heavy duty stapler when I came across this Swingline model.  I actually thought the Stanley looked more appropriate for heavy duty work but I ended up choosing the Swingline model because it came with 500 staples.I am so happy that I purchased this model because it is more than enough for my needs.  I'm usually stapling stacks of PowerPoint class notes which are about 20-30 pages thick and a regular stapler can't handle that kind of load. When I first used this stapler to staple a stack of 25 pages, the staple went right through the stack like a hot knife through butter.  The stapler itself is very ergonomic and the movement is effortless and requires very little force.  I was actually surprised how fluid the motion was because the stapler doesn't really look heavy duty to me. It actually looks only slightly bigger than some other desk staplers albeit about an inch or two longer.  It also looks great on my desk.  The Stanley Bostitch and other heavy duty models are much larger and look cumbersome on your desk.You will still need a regular stapler when stapling only a few sheets together as the heavy duty staples don't staple flat when used to staple only a few sheets.Overall, this stapler is a great buy at a great price and it COMES WITH 500 STAPLES.  One thing I want to point out is that in the picture there is a "purple" colored part at the head of the stapler but in reality it really is a "bright red."  The metal construction is great, it has a non-skid base plate, and the handle really is designed to increase leverage.If you need a heavy duty stapler to staple 20-40 pages, then this is your best bet.  I think the other bigger heavy duty models are more appropriate for stapling giant stacks of paper reaching 100 pages or more.  For the average person, this should be more than enough.Highly Recommend.I picked up this stapler a while ago (more than a year).  While I must confess it feels a little more flimsy that I would like, I can't complain about it's operation.  I don't think it has ever jammed (small miracle for a stapler).This is a big stapler; twice as big as my previous desk stapler.  Lots of power and extra long staples let it easily punch through and bind thick stacks of paper without jamming.This stapler does require Swingline Optima 35550 high-capacity staples.  I do not know if any other brand or model of staples will work properly.  The staples are expensive on Amazon, but big box office supply stores carry them less than $5 per box.  The stapler comes with a few strips of staples that you can use until you get a chance to buy more.High Capacity Staples, 3/8"" Leg, 60 Sheet Capacity, 125 Strip Count, 2,500/Box (SWI35550)I quickly discovered that jams were my fault.  IF I did not hold it properly it will jam.  When stapling 40 pages together I found that the two staples I put on the top and bottom went just fine.  However the middle staple on the stack has to be done with proper force and leverage.  You will have to place the bottom of the stapler on your lap/knee or table top in order to gain proper push.It is a very well made device and I can see no issues with it.  I stapled around 40 groups of 35 to 45 page each and it worked just fine.I feel that the price and value of this stapler are very good.At work we always had the dilemma of a 40-60 page stack of papers that was too big for a regular stapler, but too small for the industral stapler because the staples would jam back up into in. It staples very smoothly right through any stack of paper from 2-50 pages. I felt it was a reasonable price for a Swingline high capacity, Im going to buy a second for my house!Great to place in briefcase - works decently well if you baby it. After all, they ARE baby staplers and will never grow up, so treat them gently and they won't "throw up" their staples or get misaligned.However, when I look at them and their playful colors, for some reason I am reminded of those wind up chattering teeth with feet that you get at the local fairs. Just happy this baby doesn't walk around my desk -- I have enough to deal with already.I've always loved the little Swingline Tot staplers. This one has a lot going for it: it's truly tiny (about two inches long), uses standard-size staples, and has a built-in staple remover that works without teeth or a sharp blade. It fits anywhere, including very small purse or backpack pockets, and goes anywhere. On the downside, the stapler doesn't open to tack, and the top likes to pop off the staple tray. I fixed that by squeezing the metal front a little tighter. I don't need this stapler to tack, and I'll probably order another.I bought this stapler on a whim after seeing it at Target for only $2.  We have a full-sized stapler at home, be we keep it in our "office" upstairs, and I was tired of having to run up and get it every time I needed a quick staple job.  The tiny size of this stapler is perfect, as it tucks neatly into one of my kitchen drawers.  Despite it's small size, however, it's quite a powerful little stapler!  I've never tested it to see exactly how much paper it can handle, but on the other hand, I've also never had it jam or otherwise fail to perform.  The stapler is lightweight yet sturdy, and the best thing about it is that it takes regular, STANDARD size staples--no need to purchase a specialty size!  This would be a great stapler for kids (my sister bought one for my niece), but be sure to buy at least one for yourself too.  Highly recommended!I made sure this was the model that used regular-sized staples, and they are. I only use it for home needs, so it's perfect for a once-in-a-while staple job. Small, easy to use and doesn't get stuck (so far in my experience).I bought this because it says pink.  What i received is not pink.  It is not the purple one, either.  The part number is correct, but it is in between and very close to a purple sort of magenta.  It's not anything like the picture, and, yes, my monitor is color-calibrated so don't blame it on my screen.  If you are looking for pink, pass on this item.I like how this stapler is very small and can fit in my pocket or purse, and yet it is surprisingly sturdy and able to staple through a thick stack of papers.Before I bought the stapler, I thought the Storage Compartment sounded like a cheesy waste of space, but it turns out it doesn't really make the stapler any bulkier and  many times I've been glad I have a stash of extra staples when the main compartment ran out of staples.In a busy household there are always people with busy hands taking away my stuff so I often buy multiples of things. I have a professional office stapler that people can't remove from my desk, then I have these things which I give to my kids so they won't take my stapler. These small staplers are great, they're cheap and work well. Best of all, they're brightly colored so that I can always find them in drawers.This is a perfect size for a backpack for school (that's what I use it for).  The only problem is that it doesn't stay shut.  The top doesn't lock completely.  It's not a big enough deal to return, but it's something that would stop me from buying this brand again.very useful and easy to store in my small drawer, even in a pen case I carry on my backpack. highly recommended. :)Thanks to other reviews I grabbed this stapler to use during my craft shows. I was pleasantly surprised to discover it is a very well made item! It works better than most other ones I've used big or small!I really like the extra slot underneath to hold extra staples, should you need them.Was pleasantly surprised to discover that these use standard staples unlike other mini staplers.Price was great, and staples are cheap.They work fine and seem to be of reasonable quality.The following 4-star paragraph, written in January 2012,  has been edited into past tense to reflect both this product's potential and its incredibly short lifespan:This little bitty stapler had a lot going for it: Came with its own little box of 1,000 green-colored staples that fit all standard-size staplers.  Came in two very loud colors so that,  tiny though it was, it would have been easy to find on even the messiest desk. Plus which, it came with a key chain attached.  And attached to the key chain was a belt hook, which I hooked onto my pencil jar, making it easy to find amid clutter.  I'd have much preferred to choose my own color combination from Swingline's pretty good selection; would have gladly paid a buck or two more if given that option, especially since the one they sent me is yellow & orange, which would have been my absolute last choice had I had one. Also, it arrived from the Amazon outside seller just a couple of days after I ordered it.UPDATE 3/2/12:  Quit working after 30 days. Spent two days trying to get it to release a staple. Couldn't do it. So came back here and deducted two of its original four stars. And then discovered I was not alone in all this. Ah, well. You get what you pay for, I guess. And mostly what I got was about 950 green staples that can be used in my not-cute-but-nonetheless-functional stapler.I got stuck with an ugly olive green one :D but functionally it works great. We homeschool and I have a desk I use in our classroom and one in my office. I didn't want to have to buy a second expensive stapler for small jobs, so I thought I'd give this one a go.Works great. I've used it to staple up to 8 pieces of paper together. The built in staple remover in the back is great as well, it means I didn't have to buy a separate staple remover to keep in my office.This would be great for a high school or college student.For the size and cuteness, this is actually a very functional stapler.  Usually, these little staplers break and jam easily, but this one keeps on ticking.  It's quality is top notch for the size.I got fuschia, which I'm not crazy about- I really wanted a stapler in blue. But this had good reviews, and they're deserved. This was inexpensive, came w/ a bunch of staples & it works exactly as described. It's small enough to fit in the zippered pocket of my "Office in a Bag", which a folio that has a handle, in which a 3-ring binder is placed. This was a great addition to my OIAB, which I utilize daily to keep envelopes, paper clips, pens, thank-you notes, etc., in one place. I get to accomplish things while I'm waiting in a doctor's office, on my lunch break at work, or when I have spare time on the weekend. Very glad I invested in this, as it staples smoothly & easily. Good to keep paperwork neat while on the go.These are very small and useful for if you need to staple small amounts of paper together.  I thought the price was very good and I liked how the product looked.  I've had one of these for over a year now, and it still works great.  I misplaced it recently and brought a replacement (I later found the first one) and have been equally happy with my second purchase.I have been using this for over a year now and it works great. I have no problem with this product. I really like the storage area at the bottom so I can put extra staplers in there. I would recommend this to anyoneI threw my soft-touch stapler (looks the same from top or bottom) at the floor after putting up with it for a year. I replaced it with this sturdy, standard-design stapler. It opens to tack, the staples stay in their drawer, and it works equally well in my hand or on the desk. What a relief!I am a teacher and I bought one of these staplers to replace a broken stapler that did not last long. I bought this stapler with high quality staples and this stapler has not jammed once. I was so impressed with the quality and price I ordered quite a few of these for my classroom. Highly recommended for a quality stapler at a bargain price.If you like effortless stapling, then this is the perfect stapler for you. Another feature is its light material. It also looks good in an office, and it could easily be opened for tacking or reloading. If you like your staples to curve inward or outward, then this stapler has the job covered. Note: there is a loose spring with the stapler that allows it to retract after each use, but it could fall out easily when opened for reloading or tacking. Overall, for less than $10, this stapler was a perfect purchase, especially for school use.So much better than my old Swingline. It staples easily and securely, and feels so much better in the hand. Solidly built, and quite affordable. You really can't go wrong. The rubber smell goes away after a while, and you won't have a problem with the rubber base coming off if you check it before use. Snap together anything that's not tight, and if you need to, you can apply Super Glue and it will never come off. Just make sure everything is flush before you put it into use.Trying to staple papers by hand is so difficult, and this handy contraption takes all the agony out of that. Just fill (with staples) and you're ready for business. Also doubles as a fake phone if you get bored and want to call an invisible friend.Seems good quality and sturdy.. may review again after few trials since I just used it very few times since I bought itLightweight, staples evenly and easily.  I only usually have to staple school papers, so 3-7 pages at most - I think it may struggle with larger stapling jobs.  Still, hard to beat this price-point!I have many staplers at my disposal but all of them were meant to staple many pages together I had nothing to staple two pages together that is until I invested in this sleek stapler, now there is nothing holding my business back!It works.  I like it.  It feels solid.  So far, it has stapled my paper needs with smoothness.  Don't know what else to say about a stapler.Edit:Still works great.  Still feels solid.  Hasn't failed once.  I think it looks awesome.  Great value imo.  I plan on buying another.This little staple is perfect for our office.  The office manager uses it without complaint.  I'm assuming that it does the job, with little to no malfunctioning.This is a best stapler. Who knew one has to consider ergonomics in stapler design. The design is beautiful and holding and pressing the device is very good. There are small dots on the top for a strong grip. It has been working very well. Do they make staplers in multiple colors - green, blue, red etc?!Had to replace my other one, not because it failed, but my friends needed one as soon as possible so I gave it to them and bought another.  Very easy to use. Not much pressure needed to staple a number of sheets.  Holding up very well.  Have had this new one for a few months and the other one for over a year, no issues.  Highly recommend it.i needed a stapler for my house and this does the job right and for a good price. couldnt ask for more.Good quality stapler. Opens for tacking. not too heavy. seems really well made. staples don't get stuck.  If I had to buy another one, I would not hesitate to buy again.These are sharper and stronger than cheap staples, so while generic dollar store staples are good for 3-5 sheets, these will go through much more. I had a jam just once over the past year of using them. They are more expensive than standards, but as you know it's always possible to make any product a little cheaper and a little worse. They are made in China, however.Can't complain at all.  They are well made and work in all our staplers so far.  I doubt we'll have a problem with them at all.  Highly recommend.  Hope this helps with your decision.I had hoped this would help opening the volumes of business mail we get daily.  While it works good on a lot of things, unfortunately it cuts whatever the contents is way too frequently so I have to take the time to tape whatever it is back together.  I have to be cautious what I open with it so not to destroy any critical documents.  It opens the envelope ok but by cutting off way too much of the envelope creating this problem.  I would not re-order for business purposes which is unfortunate because it was priced good and it is very portable.I have one of the Swingline electric staplers that works great for light duty. I finally ran low on staples so I went  to the local hardware store to get some. I didn't realize just how many types and sizes there were. After several minutes of trying to find the correct size (I took the staples with me to compare) I finally found what I thought was the right ones. But, when I got them home and put them in the stapler, I discovered they were just a very small fraction off and wouldn't work. So, back to the store to return them.The bottom line is, order the same brand of staples as your stapler and the correct size it needs. It will save time in the long run. And by the way, the staples and stapler work great now.I haven't bought non name brand staples, because the price difference is negligible. These fit just fine into the swingline staplers we have, and staple pages with no issues. They're staples. I don't know what else to say.Upon receiving these staples, I immediately put them into my Swingline model 252xx stapler and tried them out.  I used 50 staples in succession, and all 50 staples worked perfectly.That's the best way I know to judge them, so I'll have to say they're very good and they do what they're supposed to do.I've always bought the name brand staples to avoid any quality problems. Staples are so cheap that buying brand name doesn't cost that much more. I prefer Swingline as that's basically OEM for my stapler.A staple is a staple is a staple.  They fit my stapler and I have really nothing else to say.I use these in a PaperPro Prodigy stapler.  They are strong, and function perfectly.  I highly recommend them to anyone.I never miss getting those pages stapled together. These are worth their price. Never have one that does not workThe staples work fine.  I found out that my stapler was the longer size and these are half the length, but putting two into the stapler works just fine.The only downside is the container they come in.  When I opened up the shipping package, I found that the plastic container holding the staples had come open and the staples had fallen out.Have been using the Swingline S.F.3. staples with a Swingline 711 mini stapler for years now, and this combination just never lets us down. These staples are .25 inch long and they have no problem stapling up to about 20 pages; we typically staple three or four pages at a time... like during monthly bill-paying sessions or bank account reviews.One time a few years ago, I purchased cheap off-brand staples and those staples were horrible... they caused the stapler to jam a lot. We went right back to using the Swingline staples and have not had a single issue since.Perfect size for my home office desk in conjunction with the mini stapler (Swingline - Desk Stapler,Staples 20 Sheet Cap, 105 Per Strip, Black, Sold as 1 Each, SWI 71101)If you have a similar need, we highly recommend this stapler and staple combination.Got so tired of trying to staple up weekly reports of 20-35 pages with a regular stapler that I bought my own heavy duty stapler to take to work.  That stapler and these heavy duty staples make it effortless.  Another item I wish I had bought years ago.  Goes through stacks of paper up to about 55-60 pages like butter.First, I have arthritis so staplers are such a pain, literally, for me.I saw the stapler that these 'belong' to during a visit to my local H&R; block office a few years ago.  I went home and ordered it that day. You can staple up to 70 pages with ONE FINGER.  Yes.  Truly.  No exaggeration!These staples are a great deal at the current price and they come in the best tins!!!  They are metal with removable lids and will be perfect for storage for things like clips, chargers, business cards, chapsticks, sewing items, change,  the list can just go on & on.I still don't know why my Swingline stapler did not come with staples but the extra pack (these) that I ordered arrived very quickly, packaging was fine as usual and the staples fit snuggly in the new stapler and they work just fine. There are quite a few (125!!) in there so I should not run out anytime soon. It's also in a nice little container that you can use later to save your memory cards or what have you.What do you expect anyone to say about staples? Okay, I stapled a stack of papers with these staples over a year ago, and they are still stapled together. Should I find that the staple has undone itself and walked away and gone AWOL, I'll be sure to edit this review. So far, no need to worry.I purchased this for use with my Swingline Ergonomic High Capacity Desk Stapler. They came fast (2 days with Amazon Prime!) The metal box is great. I had the option between a paper container that falls apart after a few months in my drawer, or a metal box that will hold the staples without any rust or oxidation.The staples are well designed and cut through a large stack of papers. Swingline advertise that it can hold 60 pages but I think it exceeds that number - it really depends on the thickness of your paper. I had no issues with the staples in my box.For under $6 for a box of 125 strips of staples, this costs .0024 per staple. Pretty darn cheap if you ask me, but who is counting? :) Realistically speaking, $6 for a box of staples is relatively high (usually a box of staples is no more than $3-4), but you have to remember these are good quality, high capacity staples which will hold more paper and be more sturdy.Had no problem with these staples.  Isn't that the only real qualification for staples?  You put them in and they work?These are great staples if you have a compatible Swingline Optima high-capacity stapler.  However, the price here is ridiculous.  The MSRP for these is $6.29 and big box office supply stores sell it for less than $5.These staples are great.  They go through the papers with no effort and work great with the stapler that I boughtThe staples are put in a nice aluminum box that is labeled &#34;Optima.&#34; The box itself is very pleasing to the eye!inside? just a lifetime supply of staples for the Swingline Optima.....FOR $3.32!!! UNBEATABLE PRICE.does what it does and has what it said.works good so far.buy it when you can have compatible staplersThis little gadget is very handy to have around, it removes stables quickly and easily. It works exactly as advertised. It does not take much strength to operate. My mother uses it even with arthritis in her hands. Certainly makes stable removing easier than other method.Ali Julia reviewSimple, sturdy, and does its job. My only regret is I bought it in black. The desk is black. So is the interior of the drawers. Don't go feeling around to find it.Standard use staple remover that is excellent quality and will last a long time at the office or at home.This is a small inexpensive staple remover that gets the job done. I have had it for a few months and it seems like it is built to last.I know, like the first time I saw a Rubik's cube, I just sat and stared at this thing for about five minutes to figure out how it works. At first, I thought I received the wrong shipment: I thought this was some sort of unpopular female grooming device.  I called Amazon customer support and a really smart agent, Hareesh, told me how to use it.  Many thanks, Hareesh from New Delhi.It works by gripping the staple with those jaw-like teeth, then this device gently plucks staples out of paper.  Already used staples loosen their pincer grip on the paper, and fall out like thin metal whiskers from a giant robot or something.  The staples, alas, cannot be re-used. A suggestion for a future version of this device would be to somehow crimp the staple when it's being withdrawn from the paper to be re-used in some fashion.  That would make the device more ecologically friendly.  I took a star off my rating because if even I, who has been using this now for about three minutes, can think of ways to make it better, then something is definitely wrong in Who-ville. Plus the fact that it only comes in one color, black.  I think a rainbow of colors would be reasonable and would make this a focal point of the desktop.  For instance, I would have chosen fuschia, if it was a choice.All in all, though, it gets the job done.  It takes staples out of paper.  I stopped using my toenail clippers to get staples out of papers now.  I wish it had a letter opener and maybe a Scotch tape dispenser build in...or better yet, a stapler!  The pulled out staples could somehow go back into the stapler and be reused on the spot, you know, like when you put the staple in at a funny angle and you wish you could re-do it.  Well, you could, if my idea works.  If the manufacturer wants to take my ideas and run with them, that's fine, I don't need any money.  You can just name it after me.Another one of those things which office and homes can't live without. I hate it when people staple things which don't have to be stapled and this is one of those things you need to remove staples. Without a staple remover, it's a laborious process to remove staples, you have to pry open the tines(?) of the staplers and pull them off, but with this, it's a cinch! I haven't tried any of the other ones, but these things are cheap and easy to use. I have half a dozen of them all over the place so they're always handy.Looks very nice in my desk drawer and, it pulls staples out reasonably well.  What more can be said about a staple puller!?This is not the same gage of steel used in the 70's, but I guess it doesn't take a brut to pull out staples. I do like the feel and the textured top and bottom, as it allows for extra traction.This "deluxe" model is a bit heavier and sturdier than usual. It works about the same as my old, smooth stapler. The ridges make it a little less prone to slip from my fingers. It doesn't seem to be much more expensive than any other staple remover.It's a staple remover. It removes staples. Nicely made materials, holds up well. I have two of them. What more can I say?After reading reviews about undoing the packaging of curtain rods I ordered, several people commented that a good staple remover was a must-have - so I got this staple remover for that purpose and it helped to some extent (the staple remover pulled one side of the industrial-strength staple out but I had to use pliers to pull out the other side of the staple) - however, it's nice to have this staple remover on hand instead of pried open staples with my nails -Very sturdy and solid. does its job in an excellent way and take away the staples like charm. . .My husband purchased this!  He said it really works great!  He keeps it at his desk at home and says he has no problem when he needs to remove stapels.This is a device always needed when working.This staple remover by Swingline is the perfect, neat and clean way to remove staples from several pages previously stapled together. The product is well made despite its cheap price; it'll last you forever. It takes up very little room and does the job well every time.Just use the staple remover on the front or top of the staple (the part that is smooth and not the side of the staple that has two edges to it). This should be on the top of the documents that have been stapled together. Use this device to grab hold of the staple using the steel jaws and simply pull up or away from the pages. There you go! The staple comes loose or comes all the way out the first time--and your pages are no longer stapled.This nifty little product is sure to do its job well--if you catch a sale, stock up for your other office workers if you need to do so. You won't be disappointed.Sometimes the thought of writing a review is just funny. This is one of those times.It's a staple remover. While I'm sure there are piece-of-crap staple removers that aren't made to last, I don't know what to say about this. I can verify that it, in fact, removes staples when combined with a human and minimal eye-hand coordination. I can also attest to the fact that it's reasonably well made, even though the top and bottom grip areas are a hard shiny plastic.But "Deluxe"? I've found no qualifying attribute. There is no leather, no rosewood, no ivory. It does not have a USB port or companion iOS app. It's the first and probably the last staple remover I'll buy, but I may never know why it is considered "Deluxe". Unless that's just a new term for "this won't fall apart in a week because somebody cared enough to give it a chance of lasting."This thing works so fluidly, with such ease, I just couldn't believe that I got it for this price. I will be buying one for everyone I know. The perfect stocking stuffer, wedding gift. Heck, a great add-on for that baby shower. Who won't eventually have a need to remove a staple.Yes... I joke. This is a fine product. It works. It's a staple remover. lolDoes the trick.  Excellent at removing staples.  Not for people with weak hands, it requires some elbow grease!  I like the Price.These are very good and high quality. They are very sturdy and gets the job done great without having trouble.works great and easy to useit attacks all staples I've had so very pleased with itwould recommend itThis has gotten a lot of use, way more than $4 of value.  It's durable, the action is smooth, and it...well it removes staples like you'd expect.  I wish my stapler was as well-made.I was using my finger nails before to remove staples - not a good plan!  This product does what it says it will.  It removes staples safely and easily and it doesn't cost a lot.This staple remover works, and it is cheap, but the shape is extremely stupid. The plastic is actually kind of sharp. The plastic also makes it especially large, it is larger than it needs to be.What does one say about staples?Yes they work well and have not jammed in my stapler.They are sharp enough to easily penetrate quite a few sheets (tried10 so far).I ordered these staples to go with the Stanley Bostitch Contemporary Full Strip Stapler for my classroom. I have not had ONE single jam since I bought the Stanley Bostitch stapler and staples. As a teacher, I will not go to another brand now. I have found the perfect combo for high usage.These are a well made staple am pleased with product would order again an a good brand.fit my new stapler petfectly.When I saw the shine reflect off the staples, I automatically thought these staples must be made of steel. The package said they are made of steel, and I wanted to test them on a stapler. They could hold a load of paper, which shows they are strong. The staples have sharp points allowing them to easily tighten its grip on many sheets of paper. The price was less than $3 for 5000 standard sized staples, which is very good for their quality. I highly recommend these staples to students who need to staple essays or reports.I don't know if it's possible to love a staple, but these staples are very likeable. I do, however love the Bostitch stapler I bought on Amazon. Much better than my old Swingline. These are good staples. They do the job. And this box will probably last me the rest of my life. I also got an incredible deal on them.I put them in my stapler and not once had a paper jam!! will continue to use these staples from here on out.  I use a lot of paper, I write and not all staples are good.  These are the best so far!This Stanley Bostitch Premium Standard Staples is surely great!However, just for private use, I do not think I need so many staples...What can I say? It is a box of staples for use in a stapler. As stated there 5000 in the Box although I did not count them. I have no reason to question the amount.I bought the same brand staple gun at Lowes, so I'm not sure if it works with other brands.  Worked perfectly.I decided to purchase a pliers type stapler in advance of organizing my tax records.  I bought the Bostitch stapler which was recommended by reviews and ordered these staples as the recommended staple.  I am not sure if all staples are basically the same but I went along with this.  They are fine but did take a bit longer to receive than I expected.  The stapler was 2 day Prime and the staples about a week.THIS ITEM IS PERFECT FOR THE MACHINE THAT I HAVE.  IT IS SUCH A HANDY ITEM TO HAVE AROUND THE HOUSE.  YOU JUST DON'T KNOW WHEN YOU WILL BE NEEDING TO FASTEN SOMETHING AND THIS FILLS THE BILL.  THANKS...these are great staples they work well on electric staplerive stapled up to 15 sheets and works greatstaples hold out and very pleased with themStanley Bostitich B8 PowerCrown 1/4 Premium Staples are well-made and would be perfect for the correct stapler. They do not, however, fit the Bostitch Long Reach Stapler (B440LR). Bostitich products are the best (love our stapler), but pay attention to size.and the &#34;standard&#34; Stanley staples did not fit...  these do and work quite well.My dad loved the Bostich and said when we lived in Mass that they had em in &#34;Boston&#34;Great price and fits my stapler good and for the price it is a good product and you don't have to fill the stapler all the time because these last along time.What can I say. They got here fast, works like they should and I have no complaints. I love these things. Awesome!The product is fine, but I ordered the wrong ones. There could be a better means of linking compatible items on here, but maybe I am trying to pass the buck.Since my stapler is pretty old, did not think I would find staples that worked. perfect I am happy great.These are 1/4" staples that fit Stanley Bostitch B8 staplers (the size that staples up to 20 sheets of paper). Most staplers have the model and type and/or size of staple to buy stamped somewhere on the body of the stapler. I have a 20 year old stapler that is stamped "Bostitch B8" and "Use Only Bostitch B8 Staples".  The problem I had was that there are two sizes of B8 staples; 1/4" and 3/8". So I measured the height of the staple holding compartment, which was 5/16". Since 5/16" is less than 3/8", I knew then that the 3/8" B8 staple would not fit my stapler. Only the 1/4" would fit. I hope my experience is helpful to you in determining the correct staple to buy for your stapler.Purchase these all the time for my stapler.  Not much one can say, except they work, real jamming to speak of.These BiC's, which made their first American appearance in 1959, were designed exceptionally if not bizarrely well. And I don't mean in a quaint, historical way. These pens respect principles of space, form, structure, density, and gravity. Because of their hexagonal shape, they require minimal plastic while also retaining a surprising strength (try snapping one), and the hexagonal grip points give the pens impressive writing stability. A tiny hole drilled in the barrel's body keeps the air pressure the same both inside and outside the pen. Gravity feeds the thick ink down a tube to a free-spinning ball bearing that was manufactured within a fraction of a micron of accuracy. The result is that when the pen is pressed against paper, the ink slides out cleanly and, well,... perfectly. It's not only one of the most inexpensive pens, it's also probably the most efficient pen, with a single pen able to write over 100,000 words (or about 2 novels). A true masterpiece of design. I'm not the only one who thinks so. They have their own exhibit in the Museum of Modern Art.I use these to write first drafts.  I continually try new pens, but these continue to be the most comfortable for my hand.  They've been my favorites since high school.  I just hope they continue to be manufactured!As a teacher, I have these pens all over my home and classroom for grading papers. This is just a solid pen that is very reliable. It doesn't dry up and has good ink flow.These are truly a classic pen. I've used these pens randomly throughout high school and loved them. They are pretty run of the mill ball point pen, what I really dig about them is that the ink level is easily viewable something that seems to be hard to find these days.However, now that I'm older and actually writing more frequently I find these pens quite uncomfortable for long-term writing [anything over 30 minutes]. This is mainly because of the lack of grip on the pen and the way these pens are shaped you are likely to have the points digging into your fingers. If these pens were to have a grip on them it would make these pens near perfect.It seems as if I've always used these very good black ink pens by Bic; I remember writing many a paper for college using pens like these before computers came along. Bic calls these pens "medium point" but the writing is clear and easy to read on the page. The black ink lasts for at least a couple of months--unless you write a lot with these every day in which case they will obviously last a shorter amount of time.The pens are compact and easy to carry with you because they are so lightweight. The pens are made of plastic with a see through ink tube inside them; and the plastic barrel is indeed a hexagon shape (meaning that it has six sides). The advantage of the see through ink tube is that you can tell when the pen is running low on ink--a great feature!As nerdy as it sounds, gentlemen can easily carry one or two in their shirt pockets. I would keep the cap on, of course.Actually, I would keep the cap on at all times when not using this pen. The ink, even though it's still inside the pen, can dry out rather quickly without the cap being on it. Moreover, you don't want ink to leak out of the pen and make ink stains.Overall, if you want a very inexpensive pen that still gives you high quality writing ink, you really can't go wrong with these pens by Bic. I have used them literally for decades with great satisfaction.I highly recommend these pens for anyone wanting an inexpensive but good quality black ink pen.Everyone knows these pens.I grew up using them, and the blue and black were always around the house.  Remember when they were spelled Crystal instead of Cristal?  A friend of mine used to carry a red one with her wherever she went.  We always wanted green but they weren't sold around here.  I always notice these pens when they show up in movies or tv shows, too.  In Sixteen Candles, Samantha throws one at her brother, and also uses one to take a quiz.Yes well the pens are still basically the same as always.  They write the same.  I noticed a long time ago that the more you use it, the better it seems to write.  I'm not sure if that's true with the new pack I bought, because I've only just started using one of them.  But that's how they used to be.  As the ink gets near the middle part, the pen writes smoother.  It was always fun to see the ink go down.  Oh, the nerdy joys of pen collecting.As a nurse, I do alot of writing and Bic pens are the instrument of choice for me.  These cheapo pens do a better job than most expensive ones.  And because they are inexpensive, it's no big deal when they "walk away" as they inevitably will when co-workers ask to borrow them.The pen glides across the paper effortlessly. I always use these pens!These pens are similar in appearance and quality to the pens I used when I was a kid, 40 years ago.  They perform much better than the cheaper pens that are everywhere today.  I didn't give them 5 stars because they do occasionally have a glitch and are not perfect.I use Amazon for most of my purchases and update my reviews if anything changes with the products. I do this so other Amazon users can get a real feel for the life of the product. You can look at my review which will be close to my purchase date and tell how the product is doing as time passes.  I am not associated with any company and all opinions are my very own.I have the previous version of this pen. That version was also pretty smooth. I don't understand why the price hasincreased.**I bought these self-stick notes because they were so much cheaper than Post-It Notes and were the same size, thinking that I would save some money and give a less known company a chance. Well, they are not terrible, but the stickiness is very light. Think of a non-sticky note, with just the slightest bit of stickiness, maybe 1/5 of a regular Post-It. So they will not stick in most applications--not at all! I normally put notes on my lamp, on my desk, on my mirror, on different items--and these will not stick. On flat paper, they may stick a bit (but may not, depending upon the paper!) and are not reusable on any paper. At half the cost of Post-Its, they are way less than half as useful.I gave these two stars because they could be used as plain memo notes that are non-sticky, plus occasionally stick to a given surface. They are not universally useful for the designated purpose.Not recommended.**UPDATE: Farther down in each pad, the notes stick better, so I added a star to rate this product three stars instead of two stars. It might be worth it, at least for the pads I am using, to throw away the top third or so, and just use the bottom part of the pad since it sticks better (but still not as good as they should!)Great for writing small messages on office papersI use to cut the 3&#34; x 3&#34; down to get this size.  Now, no need.  They stick to the paper & the wall as needed.HIGHLAND PRODUCTS"Highland" is a brand under which 3M sells products which fail quality control, overruns of special products (e.g., made to military specifications), and overruns of industrial products not meant for retail sale.  Therefore, "Highland" products are only intermittently available in retail outlets.  Many (failed quality control) Highland products sell for half the price of corresponding "Post-it" or "Scotch" equivalents, and are usually of the same quality (except for the reason they failed, if any).  The over-runs and industrial product are usually first quality---but maybe not exactly what you were expecting.SHORTCOMINGS> I've bought packs of Highland pads which were poorly cut and not perfectly square.> Some packs have "lines" on the cut edges---evidence of a dull or dirty cutting machine>> Obviously if the pads are just cut poorly, that is probably the only defect---and otherwise the pads are perfect "Post-its"> Many batches Highland notes are less sticky than "Post-its".  "Less sticky" is the worst "defect" I've ever found in a Highland pad.> I'm not sure if it is a fair generalization that Highland notes are usually a fainter yellow, because I've purchased Post-its just as faint.> At least half the packs of Highland pads I've bought have been indistinguishable from corresponding Post-its.  I suspect that entire batchs (or "runs") of Post-its are "condemned" if a defect is discovered with any part of the batch.SOMETIMES "LESS STICKY" IS A GOOD FEATURE> Some batches of Post-its are so sticky that they are hard to pull off the pad.  With larger pads that isn't so much an issue.  With these tiny pads, it is---the pads are hard to write on (because the pad is much higher than the surface your writing hand is on).  So, the normal thing to do is pull on off the pad then write on it, but they curl up as you pull them off the pad, and the stickier they are the more they curl. If, to overcome the curling, you stick them hard to your desk to write on, you compromise their stickiness.  Arguably, for these small notes, the less sticky Highland version are more convenient (because they don't curl up so badly as you pull them off the pad, so you don't have to stick them to your desk to write on them).> Very sticky Post-its used as bookmarks can be hard to remove---sometimes impossible to remove from newsprint (including cheap "paperback" books) without damage.  Arguably, the less sticky Highland version are more convenient for use as temporary bookmarkers. (Albeit: You can intentionally reduce the stickiness of Post-its, if you want to, by sticking them to your hand first.)> In my experience, you can't depend even on a true-branded "Post it" to stick when you really need it to stick.  So, when I need a note to absolutely stick until I take it down---I tape it up with Scotch blue painters tapeScotchBlue Painter's Tape for Multi-Surfaces 2090-.75A, 3/4 Inches by 60 Yards, 1 Roll.  If you think blue painters tape is just for painting, think again, it is amazing stuff with hundreds of uses.EVALUATIONIf you can get Highland pads for half-the-price of Post-its, then they are usually worth buying.  To some extent whether Highland pads are acceptable substitutes for you, it depends on how you use the notes.  I mostly use the notepads for general reminder-note taking, rarely sticking them up to a bulletin board (or refrigerator)---so the Highland pads work just as well for me, even if I get a "less sticky" batch.VALUEChances are at least 50:50 that you'll get pads indistinguishable from Post-its.  So, at half the price of Post-its, you can't loose.  And that doesn't count the fact that the "defects" (if any) may not matter to you.  So, at the typical 1/2-the-price-of-Post-its price, Highland notes are a bargain.  However, Amazon prices don't always follow this rule.  Currently, the Highland notes are $4.99.  Until recently, the corresponding Post-its were over $10, making the Highland notes a bargain.  But currently, the corresponding Post-its are $5.49 from Amazon---I'd probably go with the Post-its.Post-it Notes, Original Pad, 1-3/8 Inches x 1-7/8 Inches, Canary Yellow, 12 Pads per PackTRIVIANote the name "Highland" means "Scotland".  "Scotch" is the brand 3M uses for most of its tape products.  "Scotch" is synonymous with (to be as inoffensive as possible) "thrifty"---which is clearly the implication of "Highland".  I happen to be "thrifty" and of Scotch ancestry (the Bruce clan), so I'm "allowed" to mention things like this.Excellent product. I love these notes, very sticky and top quality paper. I have the reorder feature on this one because I forget to reorder and with automatic they ship to me automatically and I really need customer service like that. Very happy.Enough note volume to not worry about running out. Daily use makes it easy to jot down things need for future reference. phone numbers ec. I keep one by all 4 of my phones, for ready duty.We have been purchasing this brand and like it very much. It was easy to order and receive. Good service.Less Expensive and just as good, if not better, than the more expensive brand.  I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for quality &#34;post them&#34; notes and not wanting to pay more for them.  Yellow does the job for me.No reason to spend more on the post it name brand for the basic product, works fine. I use them home and office. Just as sticky as the name brand.HIGHLAND PRODUCTS"Highland" is a brand under which 3M sells products which fail quality control, overruns of special products (e.g., made to military specifications), and industrial products not meant for retail sale.  Therefore, "Highland" products are only intermittently available in retail outlets.  Many (failed quality control) Highland products sell for half the price of corresponding "Post-it" or "Scotch" equivalents, and are usually of the same quality (except for the reason they failed).SHORTCOMINGS> I've bought packs of Highland pads which were poorly cut and not perfectly square.> Some packs have "lines" on the cut edges---evidence of a dull or dirty cutting machine>> Obviously if the pads are just cut poorly, that is probably the only defect---and otherwise the pads are perfect "Post-its"> Many batches Highland notes are less sticky than "Post-its". "Less sticky" is the worst "defect" I've ever found in a Highland pad.> I'm not sure if it is a fair generalization that Highland notes are usually a fainter yellow, because I've purchased Post-its just as faint.> At least half the packs of Highland pads I've bought have been indistinguishable from corresponding Post-its. I suspect that entire batchs (or "runs") of Post-its are "condemned" if a defect is discovered with any part of the batch.EVALUATIONIf you can get them for half-the-price of Post-its, then they are usually worth buying.  To some extent whether they are accceptable substitutes for you, it depends on how you use the notes.  I mostly use the notepads for general reminder-note taking, rarely sticking them up to a bulletin board (or refrigerator)---so the Highland notes work just as well for me.  In my experience, you can't depend even on a true-branded "Post it" to stick when you really need it to stick.  So, when I need a note to absolutely stick until I take it down---I tape it up with Scotch blue painters tapeScotchBlue Painter's Tape for Multi-Surfaces 2090-.75A, 3/4 Inches by 60 Yards, 1 Roll.  If you think blue painters tape is just for painting, think again, it is amazing stuff with hundreds of uses.VALUEHighland products typically sell for 1/2 the price of Post-It or Scotch equivalents.  Currently, corresponding "Post-its" are $14.13 for 12, equivalent to $21.19 for 18Post-it Original Notes, 3 x 3 Inches, Canary Yellow, 100-Sheet Pads (12 Pads per Pack)while Highland notes are $4.77 currently for 18.  At those relative prices, the Highland Pads are a bargain.  I just purchased an 18 pack of the Staples brand "Stickies" for $5.TRIVIANote the name "Highland" means "Scotland".  "Scotch" is the brand 3M uses for most of its tape products.  "Scotch" is synonymous with (to be as inoffensive as possible) "thrifty"---which is clearly the implication of "Highland"You are only as good as the tools you use. It can be smart to try various pens or even smarter to skip that step and go right to the most useful.You will also find that no matter how commercial pens are they are still a matter of personal choice; so why did I pick uni-ball Gel Grip Stick Medium Point Gel Pens? I did go the experimental route. First I was tired of the cheep scratch plastic pens issued by the company; they were free and you could tell why. I then went for something that rolled smoothly over many surfaces and discovered gel. I needed a pen that made a statement on forms and letters so I picked medium instead of hen-scratching vine point. I tried the pins with a little clicker on the end (retractable.) They worked for leaving on the desk or in a nerd pack (pocket protector), however not when placed in a pants pocket along with other items as they had a tendency to click at odd times. The grip is shear snobbery on my part. I do not like the skinny plastic grip feel and the rubber grip make me think excusive elegant.I finally convinced the company to purchase this pin and I carry two in my pocket at all times in case a borrower not a lender be.Signo gel pens write well...almost like they're melting butter across a hot pan.  They are the BEST pens you can get and the ink is vivid, permanent and flows well.  The ONLY thing that keeps this particular pen from getting that 5th star is the width of the point.  In Japan, you can get .4 and .38mm Signos that are PERFECT for those of us who write small.  You can also get partially black colors like burgundy-black and blue-black that really stand out on a page.If Mitsubishi (Sanford's parent company and the company that actually makes the pens) would just see fit to bring over those colors and those ultra-fine points...I'd buy grosses of these pens every year.If you don't mind the sort of fattish tip, then these pens are PERFECT.  You cannot find a better value for the money.  I HIGHLY recommend them!I prefer using only these pens and take advantage of the lower cost and great value.  Makes work less than  work.The only thing that could be done better is if these pens were available with a BOLD point.These are great pens and I love them.  They seem to last quite a while too considering how much I write.I'm a pen freak.  I only can write legibly and comfortably if I like the pen I'm using.  I take notes constantly at work as I'm talking to people over the phone (I think it's distracting to people to hear me typing as we talk).  My favorite pen for years has been a Pilot G2 .07 blue ink.  Well, a few months ago my G2 ran out of ink, and the only refill in the supply closet at work was a cartridge for an Impact RT.  It's slightly longer than a G2 refill, but I gave it a shot and it fits...and WOW!I like a bold line, and this is BOLD!  It's almost like writing with a fountain pen. I just love the flow of the ink and the look of the lines it makes.  I've only ever used these refills in my G2 pens, so I have no experience with the actual Impact RT pen.  But the cartridge itself is my favorite of all time.  The ink can smear if you don't let it dry first, but I kind of like the old-fashionedness of that, for some reason.  Anyway, love it.I ordered a box of these pens back in 1999. I had just returned to the U.S. after several years working in Japan, where I became a loyal customer of Sanford.I recommend this pen for people with large hands or who find the thin barreled pens uncomfortable to use. The Gel Impact RT is 50% wider than a standard pencil and features a rubber grip that helps with control and comfort. The 1.0mm pen stroke is solid and flows easily (hint: at first use or when loading a refill, make a line of 20 check marks; this helps open up the ink flow behind the ball point).A number of co-workers and friends have borrowed my pens over the years. Sometimes I get them back, often I don't. The pens are so popular and in demand that our office now stocks them and refills.I carry two of these pens (blue and red) in my FranklinCovey compact Sedona Leather planner (check my Amazon review for more information) and a spare refill in the planner's zipper pouch.I bought this set of pens expecting them to write for a while before they dried up.  One pen out of a dozen wrote, and then only for a short time. It's like they had been out in the sun or something and just dried up.  I have never shipped anything back to Amazon, but these I returned.  I quickly got a credit for the return; I was impressed with the speed of the return and the fact I didn't have to pay return shipping.  Thanks Amazon for making good on a product that could have been a good one had it not been defective.Been using this pen for years. It has a nice, smooth flow and I believe it helps my penmanship. Looking back over past notebook I can easily pick out when I was using the Impact RT. I don't get too excited over pens but I'll always select this one over any other daily use pen offered.Like a thinest Sharpe. By bold they mean BOLD, in no un-certian terms. Can, like the Sharpe, bleed through the back side. It's a very well made, comforable pen that you can always get a little less BOLD refills for. I'd probably recommend you pick up [1]- Bold and [1]- Medium and see what you  like before ordering a doz. +.I like Pilot gel pens generally, and am happy to also use this pen'sblack-inkbrother, but my first choice is blue.In a working world dominated by monochrome laser printer hardcopy materials, the blue ink is ideal for the contrast you need to set your text apart from the source text when editing or annotating materials.These the ink from these pens dries quickly after flowing evenly. You're more likely to lose it (or have it "borrowed") before the generous ink supply runs out.Best disposable pen I've ever used.If you are a fan of gel pens, you will probably like these Pilots (minus the occasional smearing or ink stoppages). It used to be my go-to pen because of its comfortable grip and its smooth, even lines.But then one time I was forced to use a classic BiC Cristal Stic ball point pen (and I mean *classic,* like 1959 classic), and I found that I actually, well... liked it. A lot. In fact, I began to like the BiC's so much that I found myself writing paragraphs like the next one.The classic BiC's were designed exceptionally, like bizarrely well. And I don't mean in a quaint, historical way. In a modern way -- no, in a *timeless* way -- the classic BiC's adhere magnificently to principles of space, form, structure, density, and gravity. Because of their hexagonal shape, they require minimal plastic while also retaining a surprising strength (try snapping one), and the hexagonal grip points give the pens impressive writing stability. A tiny hole drilled in the barrel's body keeps the air pressure the same both inside and outside the pen. Gravity feeds the thick ink down a tube to a free-spinning ball bearing that was manufactured within a fraction of a micron of accuracy. The result is that when the pen is pressed against paper, the ink slides out cleanly and, well,... perfectly. It's not only one of the most inexpensive pens (less than $1.50 for a pack of 10), it's also probably the most efficient pen, with a single pen able to write over 100,000 words (or about 2 novels). Hopefully this helps you understand why, when describing the classic BiC's, I am comfortable using the word "masterpiece."And hopefully this helps you understand why, in comparison, clunky and over-designed gel pens seem somewhat abhorrent.This writes very bold but does not look heavy or sloppy.  It is highly legible ink, very dark,slightly wide, but unlike most pens that write this boldly it does not have that magic marker lookor bleed through to the other side of the paper. It writes crisply and neatly, with no leaks or smears.My whole family now loves these pens.  I bought a good supply of them and give them away to friends.Also they are comfortible to hold for long periods of time.  I don't even use my good silver pen any more,only these.  They are inexpensive and last forever also.I have been doing real estate closings for the last 19 years and I have used this pen for more than 10 years. There have been many clients that said they loved my pen and wanted to know if they could keep it. I have gone on line to see if it was possible to buy this pen with engraving so that I could advertise my services but have not found any company that sells this particular pen with engraving. For the last 4 or more years most lenders and title companies have asked for their documents to be signed with blue ink and this pen always works and never smears. Buying it on line from Amazon is the best price than from any store in person.My husband and I swear by Pilot G2 pens. It's the only kind we use in the house. We prefer black but we get some in colors for grading papers. G2 is awesome!I have used these for years in our business and they work great.  I like the EXTRA FINE much better than the FINE and these are harder to find.  The FINE tends to smudge where I do not have that problem with the EXTRA FINE.  The finger tip grip is supple and comfortable to use.  And the ink flows well and you definitely get all the ink out before it stops writing.  The bulk pricing on these make them an good value and it is hard to find these in the bulk pack in the big box office stores.  Will buy more in the future.This is really an awesome pen. Writes well on all paper surface. It's smooth, dries fast, and color is great.Ended up buying this multi color packhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0058NN8NA/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B0058NN8NA&linkCode;=as2&tag;=civcikdx-20I'm not sure if it's weird to have a favorite pen. but the G2 series is definitely mine. I like the way the ink glides onto the page. It doesn't resist like other gel ink rollers, and I rarely have a problem with it.I love the gel pen.  I like the way it writs and glides over the paper without scratching.  Green is a color I like and have using for over 30yrs.  No open carry in  FL so I have to do with my green pen.These pens write amazingly well and are perfect for me. I like something a bit darker than regular rollerball pens, but most gel pens simply put down too much ink for me. It winds up smearing or just doesn't look good because it's so big. Word of advice: if you're thinking about moving down to the smaller .038, then think again. Because the heads are so small, they get clogged easily; mine only lasted about two weeks.An excellent gel pen. Like all the gel pens ive tried, it suffers from some uneven ink flow, but this is mostly not an issue. The ink dries fairly quIckly, and it has a fairly decent black line. The pen has an excellent build for its price, with good plastic and rubber used. The ink flow is generous and it does take a few seconds to dry but the experience of writing with the pen is worth the time. Only thing I don't like is the brownish hue of the ink as seen through the pen.Hard to find in the stores.  Only pens I will buy.  Glad Amazon has them in stock.  Worth buying they are easy to grip and love the roller ball gel and they last a long time.  Hard to beat.I don't usually write pen reviews, but I felt inclined to write this review after I found myself using this pen and really wanting it when I didn't have it. The ink is bold and the writing is smooth & easy. Very little pressure is needed. I think this is my new favorite pen!I love these pens. They are so easy to write with and the bold look has a great visual impact on the eyeWE USE THESE IN THE OFFICE AND THEY MUST BE GOOD BECAUSE THEY KEEP DISAPPEARING. IF YOU LIKE A NICE FINE POINT, CHOOSE THESE.I just tried this pen out and compared it to the Uniball Signo 207. The G2 wins. it puts down more ink and is easier to read. It's also $5/dozen cheaper than the G2. I'm just starting with this pen, but right now - it looks great.For those that like a ultra fine point pen - this is a GREAT product! The pens write smooth and even. The cushion end helps when having a long term writing session. If you don't like the ultra fine point - some find them to be, too 'severe' for easy writing.  I would suggest that you go with the regular 'Fine point', because they work just as well. For those that like the Ultra Fine, these work very well without extra pressure on the paper, so, if you want a nice delicate, even presentation, on your paper,  this is a great way to start!I bought these pens because I like the way Pilot Gel Pens write. I use RED to highlight text on a page. It works very well. I still have two pens. They are long lasting Pilots. I think this was a very good buy!Best pens on the market as far as I'm concerned.  Most comfortable to write with and they would be very legible if I could write worth a...My first choice for many hearsThis is a very nice pen, it writes well and does not smudge on paper.  We have had a few, however, have springs that have broken.For a long time, I preferred an old timey fountain pen. But those were so messy and had to replace the ink cartridge which seem to drink ink!Then I found the Pilot G2 Retractable (and re-fill-able) ink Gel Pens! So to try them out fully, I purchased extra fine and fine tip in blue and black.For me, I prefer the extra fine as it has more of a professional look to it and it looks very nice on a letter. This brand is so much better than the cheaper generic gel pens out there.Highly recommend this.This is really an awesome pen. Writes well on all paper surface. It's smooth, dries fast, and color is great.Ended up buying this multi color packhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0058NN8NA/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B0058NN8NA&linkCode;=as2&tag;=nealo10a-20I start using Pilot Gel pen while I was in college and been using them since then regularly. The G2 has a nice, clean design, a black tip on one end and a black rubber grip that separates the clear shaft from the clear plastic tip. Inside it has a nice yellow section on the top end of the ink fading beautifully from orange to yellow which adds to overall impression of good designed product.The Pilot G2 is a smooth writing pen with whom it is easy to write on paper, although it's little less sliding than some other gel pens. The fine point provides a nice thin line, pen doesn't bleed at all even if hold for couple of seconds on some spot. Its writings don't look as shiny on paper as usual gel ink pen does and due to that G2 have more professional writing look.Pen is easy to hold due to abovementioned rubber grip which is quite firm being more of a grip than a cushion. The pen's clip on its top comes down low enough to rest on your hand while you are writing if you don't have it rotated away from you which could annoy some people but that don't bother me. Made of solid plastic, looks durable and it proved it in many times when it fell off the table but there was no damage. Its price, especially in package like this where you get each pen for approximately $1 is additional recommendation for its purchase.The Pilot G2 is a good gel ink pen that provides a comfortable, clean and smooth writing.I use these pens over decade and due to that I can fully recommend them.I've experienced blotting with various roller ball pens in the past that seems to be affected by writing tempo.  I noticed that with the Pilot G2, I experience no blotting, no clogging and the pen just flows smoothing.The pen is ergonomic and the clip is well shaped and holds to material (pockets) well. The silicone grip makes the pen comfortable and the clip on top means that there are no tops to lose track of and that the pen will not stain or leak.Great pens, my new favorite.5 stars!I've used these pens for several years now & love the ease of writing with them & they don't skip! I'd always gotten the fine point, but because I write really small, decided to try the ultra fine point. They're not quite as smooth as the fine point, but more like writing with a fountain pen used to be (only a little scratchy). Next time I buy, I'll probably go back to the fine point. But, I still love them &#9786;I love these. They don't smear much at all (lefties would likely still smear but even then it's not as much as other pens), and write so incredibly smoothly. I never have an issue with the ink getting the air spots in it I've had with other gel pens, where you can see there's still plenty of ink but it can't come out. Nope, these ones are always ready to go until you've literally dried it up, and even then, they last for a long time. This size is the perfect tip for my tastes. It's narrow enough to let me write compact without things looking bad, but it also gives a bolder look on the page (and makes for great copy ability!).If you like pens that write smoothly and as thin as possible you will love love love these pens. The only thing that would make them better, honestly, is if they were erasable. But, even without this one feature, they really are the perfect pen. And I've never used a pen that has written better than this one. Plus, they come in boxes of 12 if your pens magically disappear as often as mine do. (Or may it's just that they're so awesome that everyone keeps stealing them!)Perfect writing instrument, very smooth writing, and I like the bold lines.  Very nicely constructed inside and outside, retractable with nice clip. Blue is for legal document signatures too, because black ink is the same with copies.These are the number 1 pens in my office and at my kids school by teachers. We buy in bulk  and they still only last a month cause everybody uses them lolThis is the best pen especially for legal documents, never seems to run out and is ready to go when needed.I use these for work because they flow easy so it makes writing a lot with them easier. The only reason I did not give a full 5 stars is because sometimes(rarely) they don't work that well. I'm not sure why because I look and see I have ink left; I think maybe they get an air bubble or something in the ink. If the ink starts to write poorly I just scribble with it and then the ink comes out like normal.After getting tired of the garbage pens stocked in my office supply cabinet a long time ago, I have been trying out different pens in search of a really good pens at an affordable price.I first tried a few Zebra F301 ink pens; I liked these quite a bit, but as I tend to misplace my pens these ended up being a bit expensive, plus I had trouble finding the medium point (1.0mm) I preferred. I then found the Zebra Z-Grip Retractable Ballpoint Pen, 1.0 mm, Black Ink 12-Count which wrote pretty well and was cheap. I have been using these for at least the last four years.Recently I got hooked on the idea of gel pens and tried a few, including theBIC Triumph 730RT Gel Pen (0.7mm), Black, theuni-ball Signo Gel 207 Retractable Roller Ball Pen, Medium Point, and these Pilot G2 Fine Point pens.  It's a close call between the Pilot G-2 and uni-ball 207, but in the end I preferred the uni-ball.  Though both are 0.7mm gel pens, I think that the writing of the 207 is just a bit crisper than that of the G-2.  In addition 207 looks a bit more professional than the Pilot G-2, seems a bit less prone to smearing, and at least at current prices the 207 is less expensive than the G-2.That said the Pilot G-2 is far superior to the BIC 730RT and any inexpensive stick pens I've used and still my second favorite pen at the moment.  At the right price I would not hesitate to buy them again.This pen actually makes writing fun. You feel like you want to write with flair - almost as good as a fountain pen. It suffers from only 3 drawbacks. It tends to gloop-up a bit, especially if you draw long lines. The point can pick up pocket lint, requiring you to wipe it off before writing. You can't use this ink on shiny paper - it will take forever to dry.best bang for the buck for a 0.5 mm green gel pen. my students much prefer green to red when i'm correcting their work.I really like this pen. It has a soft cushion and the ink glides smoothly. It also has an ink indicator to let you know how much ink is left, since the pen is transparent.These have a nice wide point, free-flowing ink, strong color, and are comfortable to hold--that's why I buy these pens time after time.These are great pens. Good design, the gel flows very easily. Works great for when you want a bright red line.These pens write all the time, the ink flows freely and they are slender and fit well in one's hand.  They last a long time before they run out of ink.  I love them.I recently discovered these pens and love them. I had been using Uni-ball gel pens but found those to run out of ink too quickly. Even though I could still see plenty of ink in the pen the uni-balls stopped writing. Someone else in my household bought a bunch of these Pilots and I decided to give them a try. These Pilots write better and are more smooth. For some reason, they seem more flimsy and are lighter than the Uni-balls. Now, only time will tell if they last longer, but for now I really like them.Great G2 pen, with a 0.38 fine point.I write in small margins so having a small ultra fine tip is very important to me.Writes smooth as the larger 0.5 or 1.0mm pens, and LOVE the fine print!This is really an awesome pen. Writes well on all paper surface. It's smooth, dries fast, and color is great.Ended up buying this multi color packhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0058NN8NA/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B0058NN8NA&linkCode;=as2&tag;=justckem-20I will buy more of these...These pens roll with such ease when you write with them that it allows you to be a betterwriter.  Execellent pens for an affordable price.I like the way this pen feels in my hand, and the fine point looks great on paper.  I'll be buying more of these.So, they are hard to keep a hold of!  When I write with these pens, and ONLY these pens, people comment upon how beautiful my handwriting is.  That is enough reason to keep me buying them.  Also (and don't quote me on this) I believe the ink is permanent?  Pilot G2 07 forever, baby!!!!!!!!!!Started to notice some things about these pens after having gone through a few of them:1.)  They do not like post-it notes.  My pad of yellow post it notes was like kryptonite to these pens, the ink did not roll out smooth.2.) You really shouldn't write on your hands.  It just looks awful.  These pens will do their best to break you of that habit.  If youtry to write a phone # on your hand, or a gate code, it is difficult.3.) They do not like hard surfaces.  One sheet of paper on a bare counter top, and the pen loses all its charm for me.4.) Ink production is less smooth the lower the ink gets.  I will notice at about 10-15% ink capacity, the ink starts getting choppy.  Itis usually at this point I just toss the pen and get a new one.HOWEVER:  What I use it for most at work is to jot notes on a spiral pad, and for that task these pens are a dream to us.  Ink flows smooth, big bold lines, nice positive *click* action, comfortable grip.  Nice.I got tired of the cheap pens where I had to scribble on something every time before writing. Someone else had these. Never looked back. Very smooth writing and will take some pressure from the hand with out distorting. I especially had that problem with very fine markers. Some reviews said they don't last as long. Time will tell. The time saved is worth it.  Gave my cheapos away.Also, I was hesitant to choose the fine thickness because I was thinking of the fine markers I didn't care for.  The thickenss is that of a basic pencil or pen. It isn't wispy as &#34;fine&#34; would infer.The best pens aroundThe ultra fine point is great, but it is very sharp.  If you have a heavy hand, you might not like these.The ink never seems to last as long as I think it should.  These are particularly bad.  I will buy them again, because I like the crispness of the line, but it's a bummer when they die out so fast.I've been searching for a pen that works and works on different surfaces. After 100 misses, I've finally a pen that works.Have been using this for quite sometime now. I only use Black Ink especially at work. I just wish I could find more Refills because after the Ink runs out the Pen casing is still good I hate throwing away things that can still be used!these are by far my favorite green pens. I love G2 Pliot pens along with Uni ball brand pens. I mostly use these for signing my letters and other documents that don't require a black ink. A great color I think.I think I will just stick with the regular Pilot G2 pens (do NOT buy the cheaper imitations, they are terrible). These "bold" pens seemed nice at first, but I found that I always ended up with ink splotches on my papers, fingers... pants, shirts... nose....I've been using these for years.  They are great for fine writing and inexpensive enough to lose without a fuss.  I highly recommend these as upscale disposable pens.These are great Pens. Easy to write with and are comfortable in the hand.  Black really stands out, no bleeding, and fine point.They are the only pens my husband will use on his job.  They write so smooth and provide a bold line.  It would be nice if they were available in more colors, bright colors.So far these work very well. My only complaint is a couple times I have noticed ink not come out for a split second, so there is a small gap in whatever I was writing. I don't know if it is air bubbles or what, but for relatively expensive disposable pens I did not expect them to have that issue.This is actually a nice pen. The ink just flows out of it without any effort and it looks elegant on paper. The grip is nice and comfortable, especially with that little grip cushion. It's also retractable, which I prefer to the capped variety.However, this is not a good pen for lefties like me. It just smudges much too easily, and most lefties will know what I mean. If your job requires lots of writing, this can be a problem. For right-handers, this is a terrific pen, which is why I give it four stars (5 stars for right-handers, 2 stars for lefties).I'm so hooked on the Pilot G2 Pens.  I use them for homeschool...red for grading and marking errors, blue and black for notes, comments, and my very own daily use.  This isn't the first time I've bought them and it won't be the last.  And the best part is that you can buy refills...and reduce your costs accordingly (but every once in a while, a girl just needs new pens)!I really like pilot products and this pen is a good example why---comfortable to grip, very easy to write with and you also can see how much ink is left.  Prefer this over bic as they don't skip .........I had a coworker who used these pens about eight years ago, and I picked up using them.  I have used expensive pens with replacement cartridges that are far from cheap, but hands down this pen takes the prize.For writing, blue has been my color of choice for some time, and the color of blue this pen creates is the best.  The feel of the pen is great also.  The grip at the end of the pen will not slide up when writing and is comfortable to use without adjusting the pen, as it is the same on all sides of the pen.  I also prefer the retractable pens over pens with removable covers, being you don't have a cover to lose, leaving the point exposed.  I'm sure I've gone through a couple hundred of these pens in the past decade, and have always found them to have the same quality each and every time I pick up a new pen.You can easily pay over $2, and I believe I've seen this pen priced at over $3, for just one of these pens.  I've priced the pens at office stores, but have determined that Amazon has the best price, at just a little over a $1 per pen.  You can find cheaper pens, but this pen will more than pay for itself in its quallity...I am left-handed, so what pen I used it a big deal.I Normally get the G2 Pilot Fine Points(0.7), but I like these better!The point on these are 0.38 and leave a narrow trail of ink on the paper and it drys quickly.I would smear at times with the 0.7 and I do not with these 0.38.Only wish the price of these were not so high.I have many of these & they write very easily, smooth flow & grip a big help. Yes I would order again~The Pilot G2 Gel Ink retractable roller ball pen is superior to the BIC Velocity Gel pen. The black ink is darker, provides a more natural cushioned grip, and does not clog or skip in my experience. I prefer the G2 Bold Point (1.0) over the Fine Point (.07) G2 for a number of reasons. The Bold Point ink flows perfectly, looks more professional, and is easier to read than the Fine Point. Writing is smoother and requires less effort to produce a quality that all other gel ink pens should be envious of.I use the green color of these extra-fine G2 pens to give feedback on some of my students' assignments, as they are unlikely to use green in their own writing. I chose green because like to avoid red if I can, but I do also use the red fine-tipped version of the G2.This extra-fine version is fine and writes mostly smoothly, but (I assume because of the extra-fine tip, though perhaps it's also the different ink color) I do occasionally get lighter spots in my writing. This doesn't happen with the fine-tipped pen, but it could also be the way I write; I sometimes bear down on the paper more than the average person. But the 0.5 mm tip here is nice to get a thinner line and be able to write more on sometimes-cramped assignments. The fine tipped (actually 0.7 mm, though Amazon current has its description wrong at 0.4 mm) pen writes thicker and smoother, but is not quite as good for writing really small notes. This extra-fine pen writes more like a ballpoint than a gel pen, in my experience.All things considered, both pens work really well. I prefer the smoothness of the fine variety and the thinness of the extra-fine one, but the occasional lack of smooth writing in the extra-fine tip leads me to deduct one star from this review. In any case, both are great pens.I did not buy this from amazon, just a local store, but I did buy it based on the good reviews on amazon.  For me, writing with this pen is not very smooth, also there are times when the ink does not come out at consistently.  I no longer want to use this pen at all because of it.They are comfortable in the hand and roll smoothly. I always have a large supply on hand. They are my favorite ink pens. My adult children steal them from me all the time.This is my favorite pen.  Period.  It writes smoothly, doesn't smear, and is downright reliable.  They last a long time too.  If it weren't for the fact that people tend to *accidentally* keep it when I lend one of them, I probably wouldn't have to buy as many of these as I do :)This pen makes Bic pens look as outdated as a quill pen.My office has been buying these Pilot G-2 07 pens for the last couple years in blue and black ink and I'm not sure if I have ever used a simpler and better pen. The black ones for some reason don't seem to work consistently and run into the typical pen problem of going through times where nothing will come out, but the blue ones have always worked amazingly. The blue ones write SO easily that I refuse to grab any other pens from our supply cabinet and I even buy these at home now. In my opinion the grip feels great and the pen is easy to grab onto and keep in your hand. The ink in my experience comes out very thin and dries very quickly and only smears *immediately* after writing. After 2-3 seconds it is already dry and you're good to go. It is a click pen, and it doesn't appear to be any louder than other click pens; it may be slightly quieter.I cannot recommend the black pens because they are not as reliable, and I have not used the two other colors, but I can tell you that the regular blue pens are my go-to pens now. They are simply awesome.been using G2's since they came out but hated how the clip would always break off, making the barrels somewhat "disposable". i bought these for my mom. personally, i purchased the limited edition metal barrel G2's when they were still only available overseas.I came across these pens while looking at some other items and since--at the time--it was near Valentine's Day I thought they would make a good gift for the ladies, both with being pink and being for  Breast Cancer.  We use the green ink G2 pens at work and so we all knew they worked very well.  Everyone was well satisfied with them and we know the refills are easy to get.Pilot G2s are amazing. My son is teaching abroad and during a visit to the US, he asked for red G2s for correcting papers. I just bought him a box and he says they continue to be amazing pens. I hide my black and blue ones at home so I always have one available.Love the bold lines of this pen when signing legal docs. I can do 50+ pages a day of signatures easily and these make it look good. I would love to see an even thicker lineweight of this pen.I am very picky about the pen I use. I want it to be comfortable to hold. I want it to write smoothly and utterly reliably with no skipping. I want the line to be very dark. I want the ink to dry quickly. I want the ink to be water-resistant. I do not want ink to build up on the pen point. I want the pen to have a retractable point for convenient use. I want the pen to work satisfactorily on a variety of kinds of paper and paper surfaces and textures. This is basic stuff, but hardly any pen scores well in all of these areas. But the Pilot G-2 Bold pen does extremely well in all of these areas. It is a joy to write with this pen. And the fact that it is available at a very affordable price is wonderful.For some strange reason, my Wal-Mart store does not regularly have this pen with blue ink. So, I recently ordered a dozen of them from Amazon, and I put one or two of them at the various places around my house and office where I do writing. It's a real feeling of luxury to have this wonderful pen every place I need it.This latest batch of pens seems to be even better than the ones I bought a few months ago. The pen glides across the paper with less resistance, and the ink seems to dry more quickly. And according to the message on the box, the ink is now formulated so that it provides better security when used to write checks. And I noticed that the pen clip seems to hold the pen more securely in my pocket without being so tight that it's a nuisance.The bold point is my favorite width. It's very smooth and easy to read. I don't know if any other pen as good as this one. I expect to use it as long as they keep making it.The Pilot G2 Ultra Fine Point Blue Gel Ink Pens are my favorite pens. The ink lasts longer, they are less likely to smear than the .7 pens, and they write with finer lines. I also use the .5 Fine Point and like them as well. The Blue Gel is my favorite but that is my subjective opinion. I highly recommend these pens.I like the softness where you fingers hold the pen, I love the fine point, it doesn't smear after you finish writing and I like the retractable point.  No wonder I gave the five stars.Had a .70, it smudged, a .5 was much better.  The ultra fine .38 is the best I have used without spending a lot of money.My only issue is the run out of ink too fast for me and they are hard to find locally.I have been using black because thats all I can find locally. I would prefer blue but cant find any locally.Getting .38 pens/refills while being a tightwad is a challange.Anyone have any secrets ?I'm an engineering student and like to write my notes in very tiny writing so I can cram as much as I can on a page. This ink doesn't smear and very precise. I haven't run into any issues of the tip not wanting to dispense ink either. A+ pen.i was told my classmates this is the best pen i ever had. its thin, soft running, light, color is beautiful. i don't know, couldn't find more pretty word to describe it. just love love this pen a lot!!!THE TIP ON ONE OF THESE BROKE WITHIN A FEW WEEKS OF USE. I HAVE A SMALL FILOFAX SO I NEEDED A FINE TIP TO MAKE ENTRIES. I LIKE THE FACT THAT WITH THIS YOU CAN WRITE IN A VERY SMALL SCRIPT.After reading all the good reviews for this pen, it sat in my wishlist for months.  I finally bought it and agree that it is probably the best pen i've used.  I am a big fan of the Pilot G2.  But I felt the .7 was a little to big.  This pen and it being .5 is perfect.  It leaves thin and DARK strokes.  The ink dries faster than the G2.  Overall, this is my new pen of choice.I buy a pack or three of these every year.They last forever and have nice, solid lines that will last for miles.Great priceSolid set of markers for home or work white boards. They pretty much are what they are but I need this line to post the review.Just like the box of blue markers, this is a cheaper way to get the markers you need when you go through a lot of them, like we do in AVID.I am a classroom teacher.  I use a whiteboard on a daily basis.  Expo markers are simply the highest quality, best white board markers available.  They are low odor, erase cleanly and last a long time.These are the perfect size, the perfect amount, the perfect brand. They're really good, they erase really well when needed to be erased, and are very clear &#8212; even when applied to our dark stainless steel refrigerator doors! Hurray!Highly recommendedHave been buying Expo for decades.  I try the off brands from time to time, but nothing has a darker, more solid line to it than an Expo.What a great price on a box of 12 red dry erase pens.  They are LOW ODOR as promised and work great!These for some reason were hard to erase from the board, Not sure why. I had to use a cleaner.I bought the Expo Low Odor Dry Erase Markers to use for presentations.  My husband and I plow through these markers.  We use these markers for presentations, for kid projects/homework, and to write reminders on the fridge.  We use these on a daily basis and can easily go through cheaper markers within a few weeks.  When I saw the Expo markers on Amazon for less than $1/marker, I'd figure I'd give it a try.  To my pleasant surprise, these markers work fantastically.  They don't smell, the ink lasts for an incredibly long time, and the black color is sharp.  I've used it on white boards, the fridge, and on mirrors, and each time the marker has wiped off cleanly.  I've been using the same single marker for well over a month now with daily use, and it's still in fantastic shape - the marker is still writing very well without fading.  These markers would be great for anyone who uses dry erase markers on a regular basis.  Highly recommended.I gave these to my sons teacher for their class. I haven't heard any complaints so seems all is well.Expo markers are hands down the best - I use them for clap boards and story boards when filming. For folks who are sensitive to chemicals and trace chemical odors these are a must have. Although not scent free it's a huge difference with no effect on the performance of the product or life of each marker  - your milage of course may vary.Perfect for tons of uses from d ry erase boards, presentations and so much more. A dozen full sized markers at this price is a steal. Add to the bargain if you're a Prime member this item ships with Free two day shipping making this deal that much sweeter.These Dry Erase Markers work well and the box of 12 is very economical. They have an odor, but I don't have a new regular type to compare it to so it wouldn't be fair to deduct stars for that.PROS:- They write the way they should- Excellent valueCONS:- Still has an odor.We have a Bed & Breakfast with a Meeting/Seminar Room.  We have bought these for years and they are excellent.This is the exact name brand item we could buy in stores.We buy this item on Amazon.com because we live in a remote area of Montana and shopping is 60 miles one-way away (besides, the prices are up to 40% higher and with Amazon delivering FREE to our door within 48 hours, why go anywhere else?)Anyway, these are the same name brand I have bought elsewhere for a lot more and they are excellent.theses r a great value for the price i would reccommend that anyone get these markers weather you are a teacher or just an individualWhenever my classroom pen starts to fade, and it takes a while, a new one is a joy to use. A 12-pack of these lasts me a couple of school years.My daughters all needed 3 of these for school.  Cheaper than office supply stores, and now I have 3 extra just in case they need another one throughout the year.  great value.These markers are always a good product. It's nice to have 12 of them b/c you just never know when you will need more!I'm able to pull them off and reapply to a new sheet of paper without it losing the stickiness.  They are great for marking my place in books and notebooks.This is my favorite size post-it marker.  I use them when I'm reading so that I can go back to passages that I want to remember or write down in my book journal.  I mark passages that I want to copy or xerox.  I use them for passages I want to read to my husband or use in class.  Basically, they are good for everything book-related.I have also used them to mark places on maps while I'm traveling.  There are probably 100 other uses for them that I haven't even thought of but I'm never without them.I was disappointed because I was expecting to get larger flags and they are about the size of a large paperclip.Thank you Post-it. These little things can be seen sticking all over the various books I like to start, but never finish. As a previous commenter states, they don't stick to the page and have had them in books for years, only to have them unstick and stick again with about half the sticking power as before. In other words, still useful after all that time. The only ink that the tip will hold is a sharpie. Pencil's are too hard to show through and gel pens will smear all over you when you eventually rub the thing while opening the book. I really like this size because it prevents me from having to cut the much wider ones in half. Due to my cheap-skatedness, I end up cutting these strips in half too (Cue rolling of eyes). I have one itty-bitty gripe about these things, and it's the very last strip that has this other non-stickable strip connected to it. Why?!  Why not just make that strip stickable too?  It's not like a roll of labels that start getting stripes on it to signal the end, or the beep on a printer as the ink nears it's end-life. Just put a little of that magic glue on the back of that thing and give us 36 per color! Yeah! Every time I pull out that last clear non-stickable, I'm forced to wonder why. Half the time I end up putting a tiny piece of scotch tape on the end of that bad boy and sticking on my book anyways, just out of principle. That being said, 35 per color is advertised, so 35 you shall get. I may have taken it too far. The bottom line is, these have become very helpful in my quest to finish at least half the books I start this year and are highly recommended.I keep these in my desk for standard uses -- marking places in the phone book that I want to find easily, etc.  I also bought a set for each of my twin 10-yr-old granddaughters.  One got these primary colors and the other got the bright color dispenser.  While they use them for the common purpose of flagging pages, they also use them on their computer screens to mark the exact place they need to hit again with the curser while playing PC games such as Nancy Drew (sometimes we have to use them to mark our place on a Nancy Drew cheat-sheet when we need a little extra help.)  The dispensers are very handy, store conveniently and the flags pull out one at a time.I use these in my cookbooks, I can write on the tab to mark my favorite recipes.  They are also movable, great little idea, glad I ordered them!!!I needed something to separate my module chapters and didn't want to keep paying for the heavy divider sheets, so tried these and they work very well. You can write on them, and they really stick.. until you don't want them to and they pull off without a problem. I've even been able to re-use them. Excellent for marking pages in books, or separating notebook paper in a binder. Very good value.These flags are useful for a variety of marking tasks, such as indicating important passages or places you want to copy.  The flags apply easily and remove easily, just like regular Post-It Notes.  I have left these flags on for a long period of time, perhaps as long as a year, and have seen no effect on the paper marked.There are two difficulties with these flags.  First, there are only four colors and if you need to do something like a term paper or other similar research where you need more than four categories, you have to add a designator to your flags.  I have made a cross reference and indicated A on blue = Topic #1, B on yellow = Topic #2, C on red indicates Topic #3, etc.  The other difficulty is that there is little room to write on these flags, so they are more useful for indicating than writing.  I have also used regular Post-It notes as flags when I need to make a note about a particular passage.These flags are also useful if you want to mark other things, such as unread books on the shelf, the location of various types of recipes, or to remind yourself that there is an item to be taken care of (such as flagging a tool that needs returned to the garage toolbox).  You are limited only by your imagination.I have one set of these flags available because even though I use them only occasionally they are very handy to have when I do need them.  3M also makes a variety of other flags and though I would probably use them from time to time, I have found that these flags and regular Post-It notes handle most of my routine needs.These stick much better then post-it standard paper flags.They can easily be pulled off and reapplied on paper ~ etc., and still maintain superior sticking ability.I use these on the back of my C.D.'s to note the track # I've copied to create a favorites C.D.They stick well and come off easily, and don't leave any residue. A ball point pen writes on them well.The Post-it paper labels I used to use repeatedly fell off the plastic case.I find this to be an excellent product. It's more expensive then Post-it paper, but it also works better.These are great for use as bookmarks, or paper separators when handling hundreds of papers. Easy to dispense of, and nice and small.I wish I invented these.Post-it flags are really useful for marking passages in books that you want to return to.  No more folding a corner of the page, only to forget what it is on the page that you want to remember, assuming the corner actually stays folded down.  And you can write notes on these flags, and use different colors to signify different topics or themes.And when someone else picks up one of your books, there is the passage, highlighted by a Post-it flag, that you marked.  A point of conversation, perhaps?Great product.There's not much to say about post-it flags, except that they are helpful as a temporary place marker and leave no residue. I will buy again (even though you can use these more than once).I use (and re-use) them to mark the references I work with. When I find a place I need to come back to, these tabs work great as they do not fall out. They remain sticky for a long time, so I have used the same set for different references.Occasionally I write one or two words to help me find the right tab quickly. A ball point pen does not work on these, but an an Extra Fine Point Sharpie works very well. I need to wait a few seconds for it to dry but once it is dry the ink won't smear. Note that Extra Fine Point Sharpie works best, the "Fine" and "Sharpie|Pen" do not work as well, and take far longer to dry.Ali Julia reviewUse these tabs on files/pages. They are good for permanent use as they are pretty durable. Go on easily. They stay in place for a long time yet are easy to peel off. Have not torn or ripped anything yet when peeling off.I bought these mostly just to prove how stupid to put a two dollar item in a Quick Pick.  With Prime shipping, the net profit was in the red by a few dollars.But, I actually like them, and would buy more if they came in more colors and larger quantities (less per piece cost.)  They're great for bookmarking technical books by subject, but really limited by the color selection.  If I could buy boxes of 50 or 100 of 10 different colors I'd jump on them.Amazing how 3M just makes a few useful products, and makes them well, isn't it?Theses "Post-It Index File Tabs" are great little labels that come in a clever plastic dispenser. There are 66 labels, 22 each of Red, Yellow, and Blue. The sticky labels are easy to write on with pen or pencil and, while they stay put when placed, they are removable making them great for use as bookmarks.These are really handy labels that we have found dozens of uses for around the house and in our small business. Oh, and you certainly can use them to label files too (and we do).Highly Recommended!CFHYou can put them on, write on them, take them off, put them on something else. They're great! I don't really like just sticking post-it flags in textbooks I'll be referencing a lot because you can't tell what's on the page. This way, you can write a little note, and you're good. White-out when the semester's over, and re-stick them. A must-have for organizationally-obsessive law students!There is not much to say about this product - all positive. The post its stick well and offer three colors to choose from. I used these to divide an alphabetical book, place a tab at the start of each letter. Perfect, good price, good value.I go through several packages of Post it flags every semester. I color code my learning plans and lecture notes so I can keep everything easy to find. The paper Post it notes tear to easily, these last a very long time and are easy to write on.I work in a CPA office, and we go through a zillion of these little flags at tax time. We have tried many brands, and Post-It makes the best, hands down. (The cheaper brands do very annoying things like lift the toner off the paper or tear the paper when removed) I was intrigued by the new dispenser design this year, but now that I've seen it in action *I LOVE IT*. The bottom has a rubber pad that acts like a suction cup and grips the table top so that you can pull the flag one-handed. Buy these - even if they are more expensive - they are totally worth it!Update 3/2010 - After using these for a year I can safely say they are THE BEST FLAGS ON THE MARKET! You can't appreciate how much time is saved by one-handed flag-pulling until you've done it a couple thousand times.I just love these things!  I have ordered several of them and use them for a variety of reasons.I keep a few on the note pad I use in meetings and use them to flag items that I need to address outside of the meeting.  Unlike other flags these are duable and do not bend or easily fall off even when my pad is thrown in the bottom of my bag or when the flags are lifted off and repositioned time and time again (typically after about 8 to 10 repositions the sticky becomes less secure).I keep this in my shopping cart and watch for a price change that I am willing to pay.Very good product to use for times when you need temporary tabbing for a project. When done, remove and reuse. Fast and easy to notice.Love these tabs!PROS:- Thick and sturdy!  They feel very sturdy and you can't tear them if you were to throw a book covered in these in a bookbag.- Nice colors.  Not too bright and pen marks show up great.- Can unstick and restick with great success.CONS:- Hard to write on.  I find my sharpie pens are really the only thing that can write and don't smear.  But even with my sharpie pens, I have to wait a few minutes and let these dry or they will smear the ink across the tab.These tabs are great for dividers in books, where you cannot put in a physical divider (such as in a binder).  They are very durable - and fairly thick (not flimsy).  Use a thin sharpie to write on them.this Post-it Tabs with On-the-Go Dispenser, 1-Inch Solid, Red, Yellow, Blue is one of the best purchases i have ever madeI love the size and color of these stickies.  They are perfect for quick little notes.  The colors are easy to see and fun to write on.I made a mistake an didnt look at the size of these i wanted normal size but next time ill read they are useless to me gave to kids.I use these all the time in the kitchen to mark containers in the pantry, fridge and freezer.  They stick well even in the freezer and I don't have to mark up my containers.  Love Love Love them.  I have bought other brands that do not stick well at all.........  these do!Awesome post-its and great value!These are the gold standard for sticky's - I get to use the basic colors and the kids get the ones I would never put on anything business related!ENOUGH TO WRITE YES OR NO!! THIS IS NOT FOR NOTES. TERRIBLE DESCRPITION OF THIS PRODUCT. WHY DON;T YOU SAY IT IS TINY PAPER. SAY IT AS YOU SEE IT.required for and by the school  for note and marking page, tagging work progress easy to carry little pack in pocket always readyI love these small Post-It sticky notes.  I think they are the perfect size for small notes on items or documents. The regular sized notes are too big and generally cover too much of the document. I won't comment on the price of this item, as I am sure it will fluctuate, but consider the quantity that you are buy compared to the price, as depending on the price at the time of purchase it may or may not be a good deal.The stickiness on these notes is adequate, what you would expect from Post-It. But most importantly, the size (about as wide as a AA battery is tall) is perfect for small notes or even labeling food items with your name at the office refrigerator.I recommend these Post-It notes.Finally an electric stapler that does everything it claims to do.  I have gone through many staplers being that I am an accountant.  TheStanley Bostitch Electric Full Strip 20 Sheet Capacity Stapler With Anti-Jam Mechanismis heavy duty, will staple up to twenty sheets pf paper and it anti-jam proof!  It has a nice sleek design so it's not an eye sore on your desk.  It is a little loud when it staples but I would rather deal with a loud bang instead of prying out jammed staples with a pair of scissors.  With the push of a button, the front load makes it easy to fill and it will hold an entire strip of staples, so no more breaking the ends off to make them fit.  Worth the investment.At first I was a bit hesistant to purchase this unit as it was pricier than some other "budget" electric staplers but I'm sure glad I put the extra money down.  The stapler simply works wonderfully.  Just slide in the paper I want and it's stapled nicely.  No more hand action, which helps prevent potential injuries such as carpal tunnel.When stapling there is a loud sound, but no different than stomping on a traditional stapler so it's not bad at all.  Aesthetically the unit looks great too, which blends into any office environment.Overall, there is now less stress for me as when I want to staple something I don't give it a second though - I just slide the sheets in and it gets done.  Well worth the change.Purchased for a co-worker who staples 10-20 pieces of paper multiple times a day. After reading all the reviews I was concerned about reliability, constant jams, and noise. We have had this stapler in-house for a few months and I am surprised that it has NOT jammed and not as loud as I thought. Sitting a cubical right next to the user and I honestly have not heard the stapler. Hopefully it will continue to work as it has been. It does have a 7-year warranty.Electric staplers do not work as well and are not as reliable as manuals. They require electricity to work and fail after a year's usage.When I recieved this as a gift over a year ago, I wondered if I would actually find myself using it.  (Really, how hard is it to push a stapler?).  Boy, was I wrong.  This stapler is my go-to organizer.  No more searching (or paying) for paper and binder clips. No more pulling out staples that didn't make it through the stack correctly. Got a 40+ page brochure or presentation that needs to be bound? No problem (Yes, I know it says 20 pages - but I've done more than double that with fairly heavy paper and not a jam to be found!).One of the only lower reviews I saw commented on how "loud" it is when it staples. This is true.  I believe it has the power of one of those huge staple guns! But for me, I get a kick out of the sense-of-accomplishment of a job done with the sound.  While the noise might put someone in a crowded-office environment off - it's more likely that everyone will be clamoring for their own.BOTTOM LINE: High-quality, heavy-hitting stapler for the money that's a perfect gift or self-purchase for anyone tired of searching for clips or dealing w/ the mangled results of trying to staple larger stacks w/ a standard stapler.It's my first, and I absolutely love it! Yup, it makes an audible 'bang' when you use it, but that's the power of a good unit - I can imagine how if they tried to make it quieter how it simply wouldn't go thru the paper very well. Nope, this unit is fantastic, just like it is.papers MUST be pulled straight and taught with both your hands before it triggers. Sometimes you can get away with a one handed stapling but usually you sit there jamming it in and out 10+ times before it detects it.oh, and it is LOUD. Ridiculously loud piercing snap with a ring afterwards. The loudest thing that ever happens in the office is this stapler. the whole office can hear it. Tried dampening the noise with dynamat, didn't help at all.Staplers should be easy, not hard. This is simple stuff, I thought this was a premium product to make my office a bit nicer but no.I even tried buying "premium" staples that cost 5x as much and come in a special little tin, that didn't help. Tried cleaning it with q-tips, nothing works.donotbuygreat staplerive had it for a couple months and it works greative stapled up to 18 sheets and no problem yeti use to staple plan sheets for constructionvery pleasedFOR HEAVY DUTY STAPLING, THIS PRODUCT ISPERFECT WITH THE S.F. 13 HEAVY DUTY STAPLES.GOES THROUGH LAMINATED CARD STOCK ANDPAINT STICKS...Search forSwingline Heavy-duty Stapler - Heavy Duty Stapler - 160 Sheets Capacity - 1/4", 3/8", 1/2", 3/4" Staple Size - Platinum, that's the one you want: and probably the one you are looking to replace.  That one lasts forever.  This is the newer model and is terrible.Probably very much like the stapler your father used to have this Swingline product is a workhorse.  It's utilitarian, useful, and strong.We've little necessity for stapling large number of papers but we can say that it staples 25 sheets effortlessly.There seem to be a number of staplers boasting rulers, ergomonic handles, etc.  But, all we want is a stapler that works, and this is it.In my 37.5 years as a teacher, this stapler was the only choice for fastening very thick pages of paper.Just does the job for stapling large sets of paper.  It is important that the user follow the guidelines for the appropriate size staple for each size job.I bought a used one a couple of weeks ago for $22. The only thing wrong with it was some idiot put regular staples in it and there were about six of them jammed in the ejector. I pulled them out with needle nose pliers and it works perfect with 1/4 and 3/8 Heavy Duty staples. Just have to read and buy the right staples.I have a lot of vintage equipment and I need printed manuals and schematics. We bought a Brother laser printer from Amazon that is great for printing manuals (even the double sided printing works flawlessly). I got tired of my home brew manuals coming out of binder clips so I ordered this to staple books of 30-100 sheets of paper. Be sure to use the correct size staples, I ordered some of each.The stapler has worked great every time I've used it, I love my home brew technical books now.I needed a good heavy duty stapler for my home office, but didn't want the expense or hassle of an electric. I was going to need the ability to occasionally print and staple very large documents, and with my ink-jet, I prefer to use the heavier 24-lb paper. I also bought the Swingline HD 1/4-inch, 3/8-inch, and 1/2-inch staples.This Swingline was "just what the doctor ordered". I recently had to download and print a 124-page document. I printed it two-side to save paper, but I still needed to staple 62 sheets of 24-lb paper. I easily swapped the 1/4-inch staples for 1/2-inch, lined up the document, and said "Here goes nothing!" This stapler quickly and SMOOTHLY stapled the document with no problem and just a light easy stroke. The 1/2-inch staple had enough length to fully secure the document and fold underneath the last page, and there was no sign of stress or bending of the staple itself.I recommend this stapler to anyone who has to staple more than 10 sheets of paper at any time.Let's face it.  The ubiquitous office stapler gets little, if any, respect.  It's a utilitarian tool that nevertheless is a necessary office implement.  Staples are the best way to semi-permanently attach papers to one another.You'd think in this 'paperless' office of the future, we would have little need for a stapler.  Not so!  We use more paper now than ever before, not in small part because of the ready availability of home printers and copiers.  The humble stapler is thus squeezed and squeezed, and hit and punched and pushed and slammed all too often, even at home.  It serves its purpose, if it is well-made and can stand a lot of abuse (I've been known to use my old school Swingline stapler to smash nuts, pound a nail into the wall, and as a paperweight.Sometimes the good old stapler just isn't up to the task, if you ask too much of your old friend.  Let's say you have a thick stack of papers you need to assemble and keep, or maybe pass around at meetings.  The standard stapler isn't going to go through that thick sheaf of paper.  You could staple through one side, then the back, and that would sort of hold, until it came apart in the middle.  Or, you could break down and buy this Swingline heavy-duty stapler.I was like you, limping by on that decades-old stapler, perhaps lugging that thick stack of papers to the office, where I could borrow the office heavy-duty stapler.  Finally, I broke down and bought this stapler.  I'm glad I did, and I know you will be too.OK, I don't use it as often as I use the other stapler.  But, it's a perfect tool when you have that 100 page document you don't want flying all over the place, when you it's a professional-looking document that's called for.And this stapler performs!  It will take several lengths of staples, from a 1/8 inch to a 3/4 inch, the latter being capable of affixing staples to 160 sheets of paper.  And that's a lot of paper.  Maybe if you're writing the sequel to 'War and Peace' it won't be enough, but for most of us, that's a lot of paper!I love this stapler!  It works when you need it to work, and it does its job with aplomb. It doesn't take a lot of force to use it (surprisingly).  If you have a lot of paper (maybe that 160 page autobiography), just use gravity to help get through that much.Highly recommended.  No home office should be without one!I've had no problems with this stapler, so I'd recommend to anyone for whom smaller staplers just aren't enough--that is, if you have to staple more than 25 sheets or so.If you're not sure which variety of staples to put fill it with, the stapler has a guide printed on it for staple size and number of sheets:1/4" staples: 2-25 sheets3/8" staples: 25-60 sheets1/2" staples: 40-90 sheets [I usually use these, since I'm usually stapling academic papers]5/8" staples: 75-120 sheets3/4" staples: 90-160 sheetsWe have two computers and two printers in our household and seem to go through a lot of paper. This paper is of good quality and works perfectly with inkjet printers.The paper is very white and sufficiently opaque to permit two-sided copying without bleed through. I also appreciate the storage feature which permits the box to be placed in a closet for storage and yet provides quick and convenient access to any amount of paper.I will buy this product again.If you're looking for good everyday economy paper this is good. The only thing, as mentioned by other reviews, is that it is all just sitting in the box. Mine was not damaged except like 4 or 5 sheets on top, but I see how it could be if it gets rough handled during shipping. Good value, but buy at your own risk.Bought this for my office printers (2 color inkjets, 1 color laser). Has worked great for me and held up well. No problems with shipping eitherI remember working at a computer lab and having to rip apart the packaging for the reams of paper. So annoying, because the printers would churn through a ream in about two hours or so. This is so much easier, because the paper is all in the box, and you just reach in and grab a bunch. It's even better, because I now work in an office, where our printer doesn't take a ream of paper at a time, so having no divided up reams is even more valuable for me. Shipping was fine. It got here on time.The paper itself is fine too. I'm not printing anything in there that needs to be archived for the centuries, so I couldn't care less if the paper were thin. But it's not thin paper. It's plenty thick enough for my needs. It's also bright white, and I didn't notice any blemishes or issues with my laser printer at home or in the laser printer at the office.I like the convenient, no fuss packaging of having loose paper in one big box instead of having to tear through stacks of paper.The paper quality is good - paper doesn't stick/clump like some other brands and ink doesn't smear.I agree with the other reviewers that sometimes it arrives with the box beat up (it ships as it's own package and isn't protected by another box or wrapping) -- if you have this problem just contact Amazon and they will fix the problem.all I can say with my kid back in school this is a great deal just right for all her school work and the price sure was nice!I ordered 20 lbs of HP copy paper which was on sale at Amazon and was glad to have it delivered. Among other things,  I have used the paper when printing out colored pictures that I uploaded on the internet from my Kodak digital camera which came out great.I highly recommend this paper.The papers aren't individually rapped in packages, they are just loosely in the box, but didn't have a problem. They didn't come damaged as some people mentionedI love these 2500 paper packs. I don't know why some reviews have has an issue with the paper quality; this is standard quality laser printer paper in a standard brightness level. There is absolutely nothing wrong with the product, and prints on it turn out beautiful in both black-and-white as well as color. The carton is now shipping nested in a larger, thicker brown cardboard box, so shipping problems described by other reviewers are a thing of the past (at least those caused by shipping the paper without proper protection). When Amazon puts these cartons on sale, they're much cheaper than buying a ream of individually wrapped paper like you get at an office big-box store. This is standard (and by standard I mean excellent) quality printing paper at a great price. You can't go wrong here.It appears that Amazon has resolved the problem of some companies shipping this product without placing it in a separate container (as reported in some earlier reviews). The "Quickpack" box is an advertised feature of this product. Any company that sells and ships it should be aware of this fact and pack it inside of a separate cardboard shipping box. That said, this is an average quality paper with a premium shipping cost. I only recommend this product for those who prefer the pull down side panel feature of the box itself.While the price is right on this box of loose paper, it is has a major shortcoming: it is very flimsy. Usually, I buy 24lb paper, and I didn't realize the plunge from 24 to 20 would be so drastic, but it is. So, I just use this paper as draft paper, and when I need to print out an essay for college etc., I pop in the 24 lb paper.I gave 5 stars because it is not HP's fault that I didn't know the drastic difference in paper weight etc. In the end, paper is paper!HP makes a nice quality of copier paper.  Having it readily availablein a stack of 2500 sheet -- without having to unwrap each reem  makesit a nice, convenient.  Box top and side tilt for access keeps it stacked and handy.This paper is great! I used paper from Walmart before and it worked. It wasn't terrible and I wasn't actively looking for a replacement, but after printing on this I can't go back. If you print professional papers, this will make them look better. It is not as thick as I thought it was going to be coming from a 20lb paper though. It seems only marginally thicker, but it can't really be compared to cheap paper. It is smooth! Some may not like it, but I've gotten used to it over the few days I've been using it. I want to try out the 28lb version of this after this ream runs out, but can't complain so far. I still get a little show-through when I print on both sides, but it's not terrible. My only suggestion is DON'T BUY FROM AMAZON. The package I got was damaged; I can still use the paper, but its going to be creased a bit. Look for other options--staples, office depot, officemax, something else. You can get it shipped to the store at a comparable price as here and it won't suffer from the same issue.This paper is good but was too expensive, if you want to do just general copying would not recommend, get something cheaper.This paper conveys quality without seeming too heavy or wasteful.The silky smooth finish (not glossy) is the best part.  It's a little heavier than economy 20 lb paper.Works nicely in ink jet printers too.I always have a few reams on hand to use when quality paper matters.Don't confuse this with "HammerMill Ultra Premium Laser Paper" which is inexplicably a step down in brightness and smoothness from this paper.- - - Pricing - - -Amazon has multiple listings for this paper. Look around for the best price.Visibly curls in my small laser printer. Paper has a yellow tint to it. Better than some paper that has a visible blue tint, but it is definitely not white.The paper never jammed, but I've never once had a paper jam so not sure that's worth too much.Paper is way too thin though! With a report stacked up and placed on a solid surface, text from page 3 can be seen on page 1.  Held up to a light source, print from page 6 is visible on page 1. It is definitely not suitable for a presentation.20 years ago I bought a HP Laserjet and the salesman recommended the use of Hammermill 24# paper to protect the mechanism from paper shards (the store also repaired these and had had a lot of repair business due to cheaper 20# being run through Laserjets). I have not had to repair the printer and the heavier weight paper also works great on my double-sided inkjet printer.price is reasonable. shipped fast, and good quality. its my second time buying the same prodcut. and will buy again due to the good priceI use this paper for my small business. It's much better quality than the lighter-weight paper and projects a more professional image to letters and documents. Text and images look crisp and don't show as much through the back of the paper.This is a nice quality paper that works flawlessly on my color laser.  It is think enough to feel like very nice quality paper, a bright white, but not too thick as if to feel cumbersome.Overall, I always feel like I'm spoiling myself using this 'fancy' paper and yet... its price makes it easy to do.Item is as described and does what it is supposed to, however, paying over 8.00 for this is too much.  I saw it 2.00 cheaper at my local Wal-Mart.The best thing about this product is that it does its job well.There were several negative reviews on the price of this item. I hope those reviewers looked carefully at the item count to be sure they were comparing it to other prices for 500 count package. I have seen this kind of package at Staples with 125 count priced almost as much as this 500 count package. When I was at Staples, I bought their house brand, and I find it not as good as the Post-it brand for stick-to-itness, although they were nice for being transparent (but not as easy to write on). I'm delighted with the big packs, because I use them extensively for research writing. I only wish they would package them also in a single color. I can never come up with a way of dividing flagable topics into five categories so that I use colors at the same rate.I like these post-its because they are color codes and small. Just big enough to jot a few words and put in place on any given page.These are certainly more convenient than tearing off bits of larger Post-it notes, as I used to do.  However, I wish there was some sort of refillable dispenser available, more like the Post-it flags (although those are not refillable).  These page markers are very convenient as they are also easy to write on (so you can jot a note as to why you're marking a page), unlike the flags.  However, since the pads are so long and thin, they seem to become disheveled quite easily.THIS IS GREAT IF YOU ARE A READER. ESPECIALLY IF YOU LOSE YOUR GOOD BOOK MARKERS.THIS DOES THE TRICK.GREAT PRICE.I wasnt super impressed with any differences between this and the regular velcro a normal person would buy. I was using it for a somewhat unusual use but didnt feel that I would need to replace it. If the price is cheaper on the non industrial velcro I would stay with it.If you like velcro as much as I do, buying it like this makes using it very cheap. I will say that I bought some about a year ago that seemed to have been stickier than this lot.This product is very useful if you need have Velcro tape as the adhesive is extremely strong.  Realize that the color of this product is white and NOT black like in the picture.  It was not a big deal for me, but if you need black, there is another version in that color.I'm very pleased with this industrial strength Velcro. It works effectively for a whole range of different purposes, and I find it to be invaluable around the house. Recently, the border plate between our hardwood floors and carpeting came loose. I tried reattaching it with a variety of glues, none of which worked. Finally; I cut a long length of industrial Velcro and attached one side to the base and the other to the border plate. In a matter of just 5 minutes, my problem was solved. The border plate remains in position and will never come loose thanks to this product.Everyone needs velcro at some time or another...this stuff is pretty darn strong and the price is not that bad.  Even at Home Depot, it isn't cheap...good to buy it here!Hey, this is cool stuff. I'm not having any trouble with the adhesive like some other reviewers. It goes on easy and works like a charm. You will need to clean the surface you stick it to.This roll of industrial strength velcro is easy to cut and apply and holds extremely well. Not only has the velcro got a strong grip, but the glue on the back is also strong. It holds my garage door opener on the motorcycle and there's no worry about it falling off and it also holds 1/4 inch thick banners and posters on the office wall to avoid making any nail holes in the walls. If you want to remove it simply slide a blade behind it and it will come off. Then a little goo gone should remove the glue residue from the surface. It's a reliable hold, but doesn't have to be permanent. I always keep a roll of this in stock.When I lived in California I used this product to attach my breakables and wall decor in place in case of an earthquake. Nothing ever fell down.....It's great!I love any velcro, but this is definately extra strong adhesive. I love the large roll that I can cut to any length I need. The quantity is worth the price. I do suggest you have 1 pair of scissors especially for velcro. The adhesive sticks to them and you'll need to clean them off periodically with a knife. That will cause difficulties with anything else you may want to cut.The back of the Velcro strips are very sticky so be ready to apply them when you peal the back off. I would guess that you could easily hang 20lbs using a 1 foot strip. This product is definitely worth the price and is suitable for any Velcro project.Great stuff, super-practical. Local hardware shops had small pieces of velcro for sale, but these 2-inch strips are much more useful for my purposes. I've used this to attach hubs, switches, and even a network drive to the back of my desk, out of sight. Sometimes tape is not reliable and hot melt is too permanent, and velcro is perfect.I purchased this to use indoors only.  Used it today to place two apple tvs and one Roku box on the back of my tvs.  The Roku box is very light weight while the apple tv is about three times as heavy.  (a guess)I had some other thinner velcro tape made by the same company but wanted something a little more beefy for my electronics.It went up easy enough and after I had them all done and pressed firmly in place..... I let them alone for an hour.....  thinking maybe the adhesive would stick more.....  (another guess)So I went back to the two rooms and pealed the apple tvs from the back of the tv.  The velcro stayed firmly attached to both the tv and the apple TVs.A cheap way to hide your little boxes and still have them get the RF signal from the remote.If you make things with duct tape, you need some of this stuff. The adhesive is very strong so for something that gets a lot of use like the flap on a duct tape messenger's bag it holds up well to regular use. Just cut off what you need and use it to clasp bags, wallets, notebook covers shut. If you aren't making a lot of bags you might be happier with the dots, but they never held up as well for me.I bought this after trying a piece that a friend gave me. Velcro sticks great. Adhesive sticks well to a clean, relatively smooth surface. Has survived outdoors for one Las Vegas summer (so far). This velcro is made in white and in black. Won't adhere well to cloth and sewing is not possible (gums up the needle). Expensive, but well worth it. I'll buy it again in a few years when I've used up my first box.any thing you use this for excellent choice I bought them to child proof my house drawers. incredibly strong! buy it I will buy more for may other purposes!These offer one of the truest blacks I have ever seen but they smudge very easy so they are not the best for very complex drawing. They blend very nice and can add shadow that is easy to blend out beautifully they just take a little getting used to.I purchased this box  of Prismacolor Premier Ebony Graphite Sketching Pencil, Jet Black for everyday drawing, and drawing class with quick-sketch. Good product.This set of Prismacolor Premier Ebony Graphite Sketching Pencil works like the description.  I've never used one before and these seem just fine.I have not used an ebony pencil in over 20 years, it was just fun to see, and use one again.  Great set of pencils for artists.Hi,I bought these pencils in early August. They arived in good shape no damage. The pencils won't get as black as a magic marker but they are graphite and can be blended and or erased. I draw animals, mostly birds and cats and dogs. That being said I use them a whole lot. These pencils are easy to draw with and blend well. However they are very soft and buttery and will wear down fast, so you might want to order 2 dozen.  Besides there priced nice, I just ordered another dozen. I say great pencil great price. scott syracuse nyMy kids' art class called for them.  No complaints.  Seems to last and durable against the sharpener.  Seems to be a good color.Colors are deep rich and vibrant.I use this for my smaller art prints and to date it has never failed me.The price here onamazon was unbeatable and it arrived quickly.I highly recommend for photos as the lack of glare or shine allows the true depth of color to come throughI have a Hewlett-Packard printer that has always given great results with my color and black-and-white photos. I've been buying my printer photo paper at local department stores and have had good results no matter what the brand.  Since I constantly seek "more bang for my buck"--without sacrificing quality--I decided to try this product.That's part of the fun of shopping, don'tcha think?Because of mixed reviews by Amazon's value-savvy customers, I kept my fingers crossed when ordering this photo paper. I'm not a professional photographer, so I did not do product tests; I simply compared the photos to my previous print-outs.I can honestly report that my crossed fingers switched to "thumbs-up" the moment I saw the lovely, quality prints produced on this paper. The colors are so sharp, so true-to-life, I find myself reaching out to touch my beloved subjects ... little gestures of love that warm my heart.Taking photographs to treasure is part of the fun of day-to-day living, not to mention vacations. I recall once when visiting Nevada, my granddaughter Melinda taught me how to "pump gas" for the very first time.  We laughed when she said, "Oh, Gram-cracker"--her personal pet name for me--"I wish I had my camera. This is a Kodak moment!"Highly recommended! Excellent results! Great value!Reviewed by: Betty Dravis, 2008Author of: Millennium Babe: The ProphecyRecommend to anyone using matte paperWhen opening the box, make sure you mark the box so you know which side to print.This paper does a nice job for the price. Highly recommended if you have a Canon printer and like the Matte look.If you own a Canon printer, then this is a fantastic paper to have on hand all of the time.  The print quality with my i860 is wonderful.  Although not &quot;lab quality&quot; prints, I knew that going in.  In order to achieve the lab results, get the paper that indicates that is what it is for. However, my photo prints have been fantastic on this paper nonetheless (using 5 MP Kodak digital camera).The paper is nice and bright at 108iso and has a good feel to it.I can't rave enough about this paper and my only disappointment is that I didn't order more when I initially bought the Canon printer.I read the reviews but seeing the overwhelming amount of 5 star reviews, I took a chance and purchased this. I should have known better, this is NOT photo paper. Like everyone else, I agree this is nothing but card stock. The photos came out very rough looking and faded within a few months. Would not suggest purchasing this to anyone. Gonna let my kids use the rest for drawing!We have a new Brother LED Laser type color printer and the smooth finish glossy photo paper will not feed through the printer properly. This paper does not jam, and the photos we print look great. Maybe not quite as good as the glossy photo paper from an inkjet, but they look pretty close.This isn't what I was expecting for 'matte' paper.  I guess it's O-K but it is simply smooth, heavy white paper.These bad boys are thick and sturdy, very bright, and contains the printed image beautifully.High Gloss Ultra Premium Professional Photo Paper (or any other of its 10,000 other names) might be the fashion trend with the status quo nowadays, but for me I prefer printing on matte paper any day.The ink dries instantaneously, and the colors, contrast, etc. pop out like no other - no more waiting forever for glossy prints to dry, no more smudgy fingers!I'm not a professional printer, but in my experience nothing beats printing on matte paper, and these Canon papers are simply awesome.BTW - I live in Hawaii and all the big local office supply stores (Office Max, Office Depot, CompUSA, Walmart, etc.) simply don't carry 4x6 matte photo paper anymore. The answers I get are like, "oh, they just don't send us anymore so we don't carry them."I don't even know who else besides Canon makes them, but it will be a very sad day if they ever decide to cease producing them.Don't let 4x6 matte photo paper go into extinction!Gave it 3 stars because of the price, would be 4 for project paper, but only 2 for photo paper.My photos were dull, not a whole lot better than decent quality copy paper. The backside printing was poor, the front fair. I normally expect photo paper to give vivid bright colors with really sharp edges, but hey what do want for 5 bucks. The thickness was decent and the paper sturdy, probably really good for projects.Great quality matte paper.  When printing from my Pixma 4000 printer it renders the image a little less vibrant compared to using the semi-gloss paper or glossy.  This is the nature of this paper.  I use it for reprints of older period pictures to maintain an older look.I have tried the inexpensive paper and the results reflected in the quality of the output.  We  have a dedicated photo printer of extremely high print quality and cheap paper does not do justice.  Want good results, buy good paper and ink.  I prefer gloss paper most of the time but if you like Matte go with this.I thought I could save money by printing some photos on this less expensive matte photo paper.  Big mistake.  Quality is so poor that  I'm ready to just dump it.  Can't figure what else to use it for.The matte paper is OK but I would purchase glossy paper for a sharper imageIt pays to buy the Name Brand photo paper. I've tried some of those non-name brand photo papers, but they are just not as good as the Name Brand photo papers are, so I always buy Name Brand and never use the non-name brand photo papers.Buy this paper from Amazon.com because it is priced for me.  I like to make prints from facebook pictures and pictures sent to me e-mail.  Good quality paper. Repeat buyer.I have a Canon PowerShot G3 and a Canon S900 printer.  I've tried all of the Canon papers, and they all produce excellent output.  I had been using mostly the Photo Paper Pro, assuming that the most expensive paper produced the best output.  However, my testing shows that for most photos, I actually prefer the output of this Matte Photo Paper.  I found that the color of most objects and people looks more natural with the matte paper.  Best of all, this paper is less than 25% the cost of the Photo Paper Pro on a per sheet basis.  If you're using one of the Canon photo printers, you definitely need to try this paper out.  I think you'll find the output excellent and the value outstanding.I bought several packages of this paper from Amazon for a good price. Using my new Canon Multipass 730, I reprinted photos previously printed on my HP 930 printer . The difference in quality and color rendition was dramatic. I actually prefer this paper to the glossy especially with the big price differential. Give this paper a shot.Good product, does the job, not as great as my custom envelopes by at 1/15 the price they are perfect for an every day quick grab envelope.These manila envelopes are perfect for my purposes, and the price is unbeatable. I use them in place of file folders to hold all notes and drafts for various writing projects, one story per envelope.These are the things I ordered, Good products from Amazon.  It is very hard to write a lot for these envelopes, but I will shoot the bullenough to get by the word numbers.I use these envelopes in my daily work.  These are nice and just about the same consistency as the others I've purchased in the past.  Good Value for the money.Purchased this product before.  I use them on a regular basis and they are pretty durable and easy to store.These are well made. The price is excellent. We used these to mail our class reunion memory books in and they arrived in great shape.  I recommend them.I purchased this product to be able to mail photos to clients. These envelopes are just perfect for 8.5&#34; x 11&#34; photos.We sell comparable envelopes in this size where I work and they are $.83 each!  That is $83.00 for 100 of these.  Yet, they are less than $13 here on Amazon.com plus free shipping!  These are nice envelopes and at 32# weight can hold a lot.  They seal plus have the folding clasp.  They come in a heavy duty white box that looks nice on my office shelf.They are what they are brown envelopes and they arrived on time.  I guess I am supposed to say some more so there.These are quite thin, which is nice for conserving storage space.  They are thick enough to protect normal paper contents.  And the adhesive works great.  In fact, I have never had a problem with these coming unsealed.You ask for a review on this item.  If someone writes they love it, they need to redirect their affection towards someone who will benefit from the love and not to an envelope.  Love the world and simply use the envelope to mail things.  Have a nice day.Although I knew I was getting a 100 count, I didn't realize how many envelopes that really was. This would get a 5 star rating if they offered a smaller count for the everyday person.However, this is perfect size for sending File Folders, 1/2 Cut, Top Tab, Letter. On that note this product and quantity would be perfect for a business. You cannot see through the envelopes and your mail will be very source in these envelopes.If this review was helpful please select the &#8216;yes&#8217; button below.Envelope quality is okay, but I wonder what they used for glue because it doesn't stick.  Get out the scotch tape!Better price here than at Staples.  Good quality product and I didn't have to use gas in the car to go and get it.The stores I go to only have the envelopes with a clasp on them. I do a lot of writing through the prison ministry. I discovered some time ago from the Post Office that they charge some seventeen cents extra for that clasp, because they can't run it through the machine. Needing to save money whenever possible, I'd take them off before sending out my mail. Ugh, that was no fun. Those things aren't easy to get off without cutting your finger or tearing the envelope. I couldn't have been more excited to finally find Columbian CO645 6x9-Inch Catalog Brown Kraft Envelopes, 500 Count, clasp free.I use these envelops every day for my online business for sending packets and legeal papers and it makes it so easy to function in my businessThese are just as described in the advertisement. The glue holds well and they are sturdy and not cheap looking. Not sure what else to say.Had been buying from Staples 100 box, it's like getting 250 free envelopes when I purchase it this way! Good price, similar product.These envelopes are great. Just regular envelopes, and they look and work fine. I don't use applied glue, so I don't care if it works or not.The self-adhesive lip sticks well.  I do add a little tape on it just to make sure, but I think it would hold without it.need a lot of envelopes to put all the paper work in to keep 4 accounts seperated and on fileThese manila envelopes are big enough to fit letter size paper.  They're thick and don't feel flimsy, but the glue doesn't hold evenly along the flap.  They do seal well enough to mail, but it looks cheap the way parts of the flap will hang loose.  If you need the clasp more than the seal, these envelopes will do just fine.  There's nothing wrong with the clasps.I love these envelopes...I always seem to need the size for packets of material needed for the stacks of paper provided for my Mom's medical information.  These are so easy to use and I double love the self-seal closure.  I purchased the box of 100 because the price was so reasonable; they'll last me for years but I just couldn't beat the price!Great envelopes, I use them to ship flat items.This is a much better unit price than going to local Office Depot or Staples for smaller quantity.  Sturdy enough.Heavy duty 28# kraft envelopes as described.  Just as I ordered.  The seams are good and I haven't had any issues.  Not much to say about an envelope but I have bought cheaper quality and I like these better.  I am using an envelope for a reason - to keep things together - so its important that they stay together.I was a little disappointed in the thickness of these paper envelopes. The ones I had were the same number of thickness but were much better quality. Still, I am not mailing heavy items so these will serve their purpose.I've been buying a variety of envelopes for a few years now and love the quality, crisp look and durability of the Columbian Kraft Envelopes.I use these for mailing items wrapped in newspaper and with a bit of clear packaging tape, this is an economical way to go when shipping mail all over the country. Anyone who knows me, knows they will probably see something in one of these envelopes at some point. I have also used them to cover recycled boxes to make the package look a bit more presentable. You simply cut the envelopes open and use them like brown paper. It works!These envelopes are perfect for when you want to store information that you want to be able to access quickly. Since they have a clasp on them, you don't have to worry about sealing up the envelope and then having to destroy the envelope to retrieve the contents.I also enjoy using the Brown Crafts Open-End Catalog Envelopes in a variety of sizes. Mostly I love the 9x12-inch envelopes for many applications. You can mail out items wrapped in newspaper and save yourself the trouble of buying so much bubble wrap.I also recently organized my office using the catalog envelopes for various applications. I had great fun printing off labels from my little DYMO LabelWriter.It is bliss to be organized.With Columbian envelopes, I feel more confident about how my business letters and packages look and I think that this company has very high quality items that are crisp, clean and very affordable.These envelopes are environmentally friendly, durable and 28lb. recycled brown kraft is ideal for direct mail, promotional materials, etc. These have an open-end style and also have fully gummed seals, although I normally just tape everything with clear packaging tape.I also love the No. 10 Grip-Seal varieties you can find in 50 and 100 size boxes. I like the ones you don't have to lick because I hate the taste of the glue. So, you can either choose the grip-seal variety or the regular envelopes.Columbian envelopes are perfect for all applications. They have high quality products and are made in the U.S.A.~TheRebeccaReview.comThese envelopes will securely get what you are mailing to your recipient.  As I rarely mail items of value, I should have sought a lighter weight envelope which would have saved me postage costs but I bought this one as I needed envelopes in a hurry and these were available for immediate shipment.  Whatever I mail in these envelopes will give me peace of mind that the envelope will not rip or tear during transit.  Satisfied.These are such a good buy! And no person can see through them so they are very secure.The just peel and stick closure is a MUST!!!!And the sticking works great. They seal tight.great buy and lasts a long time, better than repeat trips to the store when running low or just plane ran outI need these envelopes for home storage of papers.  The paper feels right for my use, but it does not feel heavy duty, able to take an abuse.  It is well put together.Not really any different from your standard envelope, but it does have a thicker feel to it. I use these to ship out my hard and softcover books throughout the country and customers often cite their study ability to take the US postal system. I would recommend these for anyone looking for a reliable envelope.As soon as I saw the box I noticed it had a water stain on it.Opened the box and half the folders were damp and smelled like cat Pee Pee!It did not happen in shipping! Need I say more.Rather than buy a few at a time in the stores I chose to buy a box of these. They are well made and should last me a long time.These envelopes are great and I've used them for many years. I store and organize jewelry in them which I sell on my e-commerce site. Nice quality touches are:* Thick Paper doesn't tear* Adhesive strip is activated by moisture - if you don't need it, it won't stick, if you do it will.* Copper folding tabs keep the envelope closed* Re-enforced tab hole means no tearing or wear.At this low price per hundred this represents an excellent deal with great bang for your buck. With Free Two Day Shipping Included for Prime Members the deal is just that much sweeter.Simply one of those often overlooked products that we end up having multiple uses for. These envelopes will serve you well.Highly Recommended.Good sturdy envelope.  Perhaps I got an out of date batch, but the adhesive performance is just marginal -I usually back it up with a strip of packaging tape.&#2951; Fuzzy Wuzzy's Summary:&#1150;&#1150;&#1150;&#1150;&#1150; Highly recommended with warm fuzzies!I have used up many lengths and widths of these One-Wrap straps over the years, and it is not because these straps break or get lost, but because I just keep finding more and more uses for this. Velcro straps previously came with separate hook-only and loop-only straps. These One-Wrap straps have the hooks on one side and the loops on the other side, and are optimized for bundling/wrapping purposes while still being easily flipped around for closure if you are routing these straps in more intricate arrangements. So you do not need to keep separate hook-only and loop-only straps. These straps are very durable, even after years of use. They do not tear, stretch, or fray at the edges, and both the hook and loop sides remain very sticky to each other after repeatedly attaching and detaching over the span of several years.These One-Wrap straps are my favorite brand and style of Velcro strap. Velcro also makes "Cinch Straps" that have plastic buckles so they are easier to cinch tightly, and while they have their uses too, the "Cinch Straps" are more expensive, cannot have their lengths precisely cut to a specific length, and really do not perform any better than these cut-it-yourself One-Wrap straps unless you really do need something tightly cinched together. So while I have several of the Velcro "Cinch Straps", the bulk of my Velcro applications come from using these One-Wrap straps and the adhesive-backed "Industrial Strength Velcro Tape". The "Industrial Strength Velcro Tape" is great for both indoor and outdoor mounting of objects that need to be removable. These One-Wrap straps also work great when used in conjunction with the Velcro Tape to serve as removable fasteners: stick either the hook or loop side of the "Industrial Strength Velcro Tape" on a surface, wrap the object that is to be secured/fastened with this Velcro One-Wrap, and attach the One-Wrap to the Velcro Tape.Here are just a few of the many ways that I have used this Velcro One-Wrap:&#10059; Electric cords, extension cords, computer cables, garden hoses, Christmas tree lights, and other rope-like objects stay much more organized and untangled with a few sections of One-Wrap wrapped around them.&#10059; When transporting bicycles on racks, I use these to prevent the wheels, pedals, and handlebars from moving around. I sometimes use bungee cords for these functions, but bungee cords sometimes cannot be looped around the handlebars to remain taut.&#10059; I keep a small roll of One-Wrap in my hiking backpack, and it has various uses during hiking and camping.&#10059; These One-Wrap straps are great for wrapping around rolled-up sleeping bags, sleeping mats, and yoga mats.&#10059; I keep a small roll of One-Wrap in my photography backpack. I also used Velcro to create a tripod holder for my camera holster bag, which was not designed to hold a tripod. I attached two rectangles of Velcro Tape on the straight side of the camera holster bag, and then I wrapped one layer of this Velcro One-Wrap around the middle of the folded-up travel-sized compact tripod and another layer of One-Wrap is wrapped near the tripod legs. The tripod can then be attached to the Velcro Tape that is stuck to the side of the camera holster bag. I then wrap a third section of One-Wrap tightly around the tripod's head and loop that strap through the holster's D-ring where the shoulder strap clips onto. Detaching the tripod from the holster bag is a simple matter of quickly pulling open all three One-Wrap straps, and I can now bring a tripod with my camera holster bag for outings where I do not care to bring the much larger camera backpack with me.I always keep some of this One-Wrap in my toolbox, my hiking backpack, my photography backpack, and in the glove storage compartment of my car. The only limit to how to use this is your imagination :)This Velcro is nice and strong.  You can cut it any length you want.  I use it for wrapping cords, attaching things to my walker (like my purse-so someone can't walk by and grab it easily), etc.  I high recommend this product.Using this to hold items on a new bike as well as to hold the front wheel straight so it doesn't tip over from a stand  . Very useful and worth having extra around  for last minute projects . Wider might be even better like 2 inches by 12 ft . One side is loops the other hooks so you can cut a strip and double it back on itself . This stuff has so many uses and is a must have in a first aid / emergency kit . There are so many uses for example a painless way to hold on bandages that need to be removed often for cleanliness and inspection .We use this to tie up all sorts of things inside the house and in the garage, it's so much easier to use than ties or string !I highly recommend Velcro for making cables neat.  It sticks to itself and secures any cables.  Although the brand is expensive compared to others, it is still worth it.I always keep a roll of this around.  Very nice way to organize loose things.  Simply cut to size.  Very durable, the loop aspect has stayed together and not frayed apart like some bargain basement brandshello,i have been using velcro straps with ring clips on the ends to wrap large and small items.  you pull the strap through the ring and cinch the velcro.  but the problem with these types of straps is if the item is smaller than the length of the velcro area, you have to wrap the strap several times to get the velcro to fit.  now, with this new one wrap velcro, you can roll it tight around the cord to keep it attached to the cord.  then you roll your rope or line and when you are finished, the velcro attaches snugly everytime.  if you have the original velcro tape with the male / female sides, attach the male sticky end on a surface and this product attaches easily.  this is a great product.  you can't go wrong with velcro.update: april 2013:  after finishing off that first roll of the velcro, i ordered more.  this product has a bazillion uses and i keep finding more.  it is not the sticky back kind, but it must wrap onto itself.  transporting and carrying a long hose? neat and tidy.  keeping pvc pipes together? excellent.  finally, placing rope lines anywhere you want is easy with this type of velcro.  roll the rope, wrap the velcro around once, overlap, and make a longer loop to whatever you want to attach the coiled rope.  if the longer loop is reattached to the initial velcro, that gives you a handy carrying handle for the rope.  the product is outstanding and the delivery was superb.OooOoo! One side has the hooks and the other side has the loops. So, you can cut it any length to fit around anything. I have to get some more, I keep finding things I can use it for.Needed this Velcro product to use with my motorhome and boats. I hate having hoses, electric cords and the like all tangled. With this flat velcro I can cut the length I need and wrap things up. Holds tight. Very happy with the purchase.This velcro has the loops on one side and the burrs on the other side. I have found so many uses for this, just wish there was a value pack because it costs a lot to buy multiple rolls.PROS:This is an improvement over the original velcro which had the loops on one strip and the burrs on the other strip. Since this one has loops and burrs on each strip, you only need to cut the appropriate length of one piece and loop it so that it sticks to itself.It's utility is only limited by your imagination. Secure a roll of _____ (plastic, canvas, paper, foam, etc.)Secure a piece of hardware....Well... maybe I should say it is like Duct Tape in that it has thousands of uses. However, it's removable and more appropriate for certain applications. And no adhesive residue.CONS:The roll doesn't go very far.Would be nice to have a value-pack with a longer roll and lower unit price.Anyway, I highly recommend it.Fast shipment. Item as described. Excellent quality. I use this Velcro to strap boxes. I would definitely recommend to others.What needs to be said? This stuff is great, multi use strapping. It sticks to its self! you can make it any length and use it for just about anything needing tying down. I use it too keep my bike tire straight when up right in my truck. I like the 1&#34; better but its pretty pricey, so this does the trick for a bit cheaper price.I needed a one piece velcro product instead of trying to marry two pieces together and this was it.Would have given 5 stars but wanted it a tad wider.  Using it on my boat for my cover is perfect.Very well made, robust.I use it for tying up my heavy duty cords in the garage where extra width is a plus.Hey, it's velcro, not a heart/lung machine so how much can be said.  I love this stuff for wrapping extensions cords and all those cords coming out of my sound and video system!  Cut to fit, wrap, stick and you're done.These are premium velcro. They provide a strong connection and the price is fair. 12ft is a lot and it should last me a while.These 3" by 3" Post-it notes are my favorite size notes.  They are big enough to wrote a short note on, but small enough to fit anywhere.  I use them as bookmarks, for note writing, for reminders, and so much more.I noticed that the price on the on this product fluctuates. There is a nice online tool that I use to help catch a good price on Amazon, this tool is called  "Online Price Alert".  This tool will send you an email when the Amazon item price reaches the target price range that you specify. If you search on "online price alert" in Google it will be come up at the top.  I find this tool to be very helpful.I started to use MS Outlook to put the posters on the desktop, but old habits die hard and I'm still using a lot of Post-it notes. Good size for what I needI happenned across these Post Its on Amazon, just when I needed some. Ordered them & received them with Amazon Prime before I could've made it to a store & they probably cost less.5 star ratingAlways loved Post-Its - very handy for personal useWould recommed to anyone looking for a good priced quality productI post-it everything, and I still have quite a few of these left after a year. There's not much to say about post-its, but this is a good price point & it sticks just fine (despite what others are saying).Well a Post-it is a Post-it and I must always have them handy. I ordered this as a price builder to get the free shipping on another item. I will probably order this again when I need them or need to qualify for the free shipping. When I bought this it had free shipping from Amazon.I have been using half-fold for years and realized that sometimes a BIG card is not right for the occasion.  These fit the bill perfectly.I like that the paper is scored on the 8.5&#34; horizon, but was surprised it wasn't also scored on the 11&#34; horizon.  These are supposed to be for quarter-fold cards, so I would have liked and expected them to be scored into... well... quarters!We purchased these to use at Thank You cards for our wedding gifts/wedding guests.As always Avery products are so easy to use. Easy to fold, and durable. Its important to find notes/paper that you can actually write on, and it not bleed through..something with substance and these are it.I really like this card stock as it is scored, making folding the cards easy and precise.  It has a nice heavy weight and the ink is absorbed evenly for good looking cards.Sure, you can use plain 8.5x11 sheets of paper for your cards, but if you want a professional touch, then these are the ones you want.  Comes with envelopes too.  Nice bright white paper to showcase your colors and printed text.  Cant go wrong with these..... and they do have the larger half fold ones on Amazon as well.when applied to item you want to laminate, the look is somewhat cloudy and will become more sheenful if rubbed with a spoon but that can sometimes put dents or embossments in what you're trying to laminate.  The sheets stick together fairly well.  If you wanted any better, you'd have to get a professional laminatorI did want to purchase a laminating machine and these sheets work just as well.You  have to take your time and work slowly but the end result is very nice.I have used this kind over the years and all ways have come out the way you do it and the price for it was good and for me have it for a long time to use it  just hope it do not go bad and get to old before I get it used upWhat a deal! I bought these to laminate &#34;cheat sheets&#34; for school and other documents at home. They work perfectly, are easy to figure out, and the price can't be beat. No complaints here!Great item to have around for those small home or office lamination jobs. Great for protecting insurance cards and things of that nature.This is the product for you.  First of all, it's simple.  Second, no heat, no probability of burning yourself or your house down. (yes, I have issues with making certain heated products are turned off)No smell, laminators stink, period, they stink...as in smell.And they send you what they call 50 covers, but in fact, if you only need ONE SIDE covered, as I did for some art work to go on a wall, you actually have 100 SHEETS!!!Now how awesome is that?You will not be disappointedDianne Schuch Lindsey  dlschuch at Salon.com (Open Salon)I love these sheets. I can cut them down to any size I may need. They work great. I don't have the laminating machine, so these are what I needed.Avery Self-Adhesive Laminating SheetsI've used self-adhesive laminating sheets in the past with great success, so I decided to try Avery's brand. These sheets are not overly thick and are easy to use. I love the guide lines printed on the backing paper, this helps with trimming the sheets to fit your project. I first used two of these laminating sheets to protect a fastener torque chart for use in the garage. I frequently come across fasteners on cars/motorcycles where I may not have the service manual to tell me the recommended torque, so I found a sheet with recommended values based on the grade of the bolt and thread diameter. The laminating sheets help protect the chart so I can keep it handy in the workshop.Air bubbles seem easy to expel using the Avery sheets, and it was easy to trim without leaving any gooey adhesive.Overall: 5/5 stars, great value for a small box of 50 sheets. Very easy to use.I would suggest another brand. First thing is the plastic itself is not clear to begin with, poor design or Quality control.Used multiple times but still got either bubbles or not very good contact between the two pieces.Really wonderful and beautiful gold labels for ink jet printers.  These labels are beautiful, dainty, and gold.Labels also make like easier.And these labels are for ink jet printers - that's the type of printer I have.  Therefore, I'm able to make lots of beautiful, gold labels that make life a lot easier.Labels are convenient.  You can do things faster with labels.These beautiful, convenient labels are highly recommended by me.These beautiful gold foil labels are so perfect for addressing cards and gifts, very festive and to me add elegance to any correspondence.Perfect for the holiday season, they are nothing but stunning and lend a seasonal charm.They are easy to use with your Inkjet printer and a reasonable price for this level of quality.I love them and they just seem to say "holidays."This is a product, I really feel completely satisfied and more with and I recommend them highly.I have high expectations when using Avery products.  These labels look good and are fairly easy to print out.  Perfect for the holidays or just to make your envelope look a little classier.Avery has excellent products.  The setup for printing these labels is so simple that even I can do it.  :DI received this set of labels just in time to send out my Christmas cards last year.  They added, I believe, a touch of elegance to the envelopes.  These would be perfect for anyone sending out formal announcements such as weddings, anniversaries, graduations, thank you cards, etc....They are good priced, good quality and nice to have on hand.These are pretty nice overall. Avery sends an instructional insert for help with formatting with various products from Microsoft, Corel, Adobe and Borderbound.  I'm using Ms Word 2007, so the instructions provided do NOT apply.  But I received HELP from Word and was able to easily create a text box for the labels.  The size you choose is up to you, as you are creating the box itself.  The text box holds a large version of the first letter of my last name.  If you go with a text box, you can use shading and color, rotation and other Word-preset options such as shadow and 3D.  You need some time to play around with it a little, use your imagination and see the endless possibilities.I do not like the relationship of text box to text.  It's simple to just use your spacebar to move text around the box, but it can also be more limiting that having separate fields. To duplicate text box from one label to the next, it is *not* as easy as Copy and Paste.  Perhaps in earlier versions of Word you will have no problem, as the instructions suggest.  But in 2007, when you copy the box it superimposes itself onto the original graphic and you must then drag it to other labels, each time.  Clipart, on the other hand, copies and pastes with ease (as will their other preset options - they copy as an entire label, not as separate text box/text parts).  Microsoft's clipart gallery is apparently very large, but you can also use your own art - you just have to add it to Microsoft's gallery.  Their ready-to-use gallery is basic, but I found a cornucopia for Thanksgiving.  You can also insert an image, which takes you right to My Docs.  I'm having problems with inserting clipart and images from My Docs, as far as adding return address alongside, as the text cursor ends up on the bottom right corner of the image, so the text does not fit on the label.  I've been trying to make this work using text alignment and direction, to no avail.  Frustrating!!Use your printer's highest quality settings, as suggested by Avery.  But make sure you allow the ink to dry for a good 3 minutes before touching, peeling off and applying, or the ink will come off as you apply.  NB : Cannot comment on how well color inks work on this gold foil, as I use grayscale printing exclusively.I had no trouble printing these. I don't have Microsoft Office  but I just went to Avery's website and found the page that enabled my printer so I could type up the return address labels and printed them out with no problem. I just took one and put it on an envelope so I can say they're great and they aren't Frosted Flakes! Now if I just get those Christmas cards ready for the return address label I'll be so happy. I didn't send cards last year so need to this one.In the past, I sometimes ordered printed gold labels to use to put in the inside cover of books and to place to personal items to identify them. I liked the gold labels since they presented a more "quality" appearance. The only problem was the limitations I had when I ordered printed labels. There were always limitations on font choices, amount of text on a line and number of lines. It seems that I always wanted to put one of two too many characters on a line than was permitted. Well, here are labels that I use and design the content to suit my desire. Wow! Now to order a pack of the silver labels.These labels are great quality, but gold foil is so 1980's, and these look so cheap. I would not recommend using such a bold color for your mailing labels. Sure, Avery products are great, but this product is way too...metallic. It screams "I want attention." Great for labeling household stuff -- the labels are really bold! But, for God's sake don't use these to send your mail! You'll be sending the wrong message!Okay... my review is finished.  LOL!I've used Avery office products - including their labels, notebooks and dividers and page protectors for many years (26 to be exact, up to the present day!), and have never been disappointed - as is the case with these outstanding (and classy) labels.I had some round gold seals left over from Christmas cards past, and used these as return address labels on cards I sent out last year.  The instructions and printing were easy and (a pet peeve with me), the ink did not smudge, a big plus.  The amount of labels (300), is also generous.  I think those were the most elegant Christmas card envelopes I've ever sent - I hope everyone liked the cards, too!  :)These days, it's especially good to see a company who stands behind their products.  Between their excellent quality, helpful website and 100% satisfaction guarantee, I'll be using Avery products for many, many more years to come!I am using these stickers for two purposes so far; highlighting our website by printing its address on these stickers and attaching them to receipts, and to advise customers to "shake well before using" on the bottle.I could of course include these statements on the receipt and packaging, but there is something more pleasing, and certainly more eye catching, in attaching these stickers. I am sure that there are a thousand and 1 uses for these stickers.Printing on these stickers is VERY easy using Word, Filemaker or a range of other programs.If you're looking for appropriate return address labels for your holiday cards, these Gold Foil labels will do the trick nicely. Although the labels are quite shiny, they work perfectly with an ink-jet printer. After printing, I quickly rubbed my finger against the printed text and was unable to smudge the ink at all. The labels have sufficient room for a logo next to your name and address. While you could fit four lines of text here, a slightly larger print size and three lines of text works well.I loaded these labels into an HP PhotoSmart C309n-s for printing. I initially had a little difficulty getting the paper to engage properly. The pages have to be loaded face down in this particular printer and the mechanism pulling in the paper has to engage with the fairly slippery backing of the adhesive labels. The backing plus the labels are somewhat thicker than some label pages so the HP failed to load the page at first. Reloading with fewer sheets solved the problem. This probably says more about the HP than about the Avery labels, but it's worth noting.Avery has a template for the 8257 at their website; that's the appropriate template for these 8987 labels. I downloaded the template and used it in MS Word without difficulties on my Mac. The process of downloading the template and opening it in Word was straightforward and intuitive.None of the labels peeled off or made any threat of doing so in the printing process. I printed using black ink; contrast is very good (obviously not as good as with white labels, but certainly more than acceptable). You might find that a bold typeface works well with these labels.The package contains 10 sheets of 30 labels each. If you don't use the template, I'd recommend you print on a blank sheet of paper initially, then hold it up to the address label sheet to ensure that everything lines up well. That way you won't waste a sheet of labels on off-center printing.I used these for my Christmas cards and they looked terrific.  The template is easy to use and they printed well.  They are sticky enough to stay put (you can't reposition them once they are on).  I'm going to use them again next year.The Avery labels have a distinguished, rich look to them which can give the 'touch of class' many of us love to an envelope. I found the on-line options for preparation to be very easy to use and versatile.Considering that printed labels can be obtained for a fairly low price, whether printing one's own is cost effective I cannot say. Yet the versatility and capacity for modifications is a plus, and the Avery label is of a quality to match that of those commercially ordered.These labels REALLY look good.  The gold tone is perfect and isn't over-shiny and cheap looking.  For years I've been using these gold foil labels for different things: for return address labels on Christmas and holiday cards, for information labels on the bottled honey we produce, and for product labels on other products we create.They are easy to print and the lettering is permanent. I've never had a problem with smudging or the lettering wiping off. Other reviewers have mentioned smudging, but we don't have that problem. We use a Canon inkjet printer and the labels are printed in the evening and used the next day - maybe it's the "dry time" that's important. Either way, we've NEVER had a smudging problem. Also, the Avery-supplied 8987 template is accurate and aligns perfectly and is easy to use.Physically, they are very permanent. Once they are applied they stay stuck forever and they seem to be waterproof.  They've gotten wet with no ill effects.I've used two other brands of gold foil labels including the house brand from a big-box office store and was disappointed in the quality and the way they printed (the inks didn't adhere to the label very well and smudged) so I was very, very happy to find these Avery labels. I wish I had found them sooner.These labels are PERFECT for my Christmas cards.  I always print my own return labels for the holidays, and the gold put a nice elegant touch to my envelopes.  Avery labels have never let me down before, and they didn't this time either.  I generally use Print Shop or Avery Dennison software to print various templates, and both softwares accomodate the Avery labels.  They printed beautifully, and didn't smudge immediately after (I just HAD to try).  I'm very happy with these labels.I recently ordered a new printer so I decided that these would be great to go along with it. I wasn't at all disappointed. These Avery Gold Foil labels are both snazzy in appearance and also stick very well to whatever it is that you're labeling. The set comes with a generous 300 labels. Included with the labels are a set of instructions for formatting and printing, which I would rate based on my experience as being extremely easy to follow. There is also a sheet of recommended printer settings. All in all, a great experience. If I run out, I will certainly consider purchasing more of these labels to use.Oh, and I would agree that using bold print would be a smart choice with these labels. I still found black text readable even without it, but there's no doubt that boldface would add greatly to visibility with these labels. I used black ink, though, and didn't have any problems, so I can't speak to that issue.I have only one minor nitpick - I wish these labels were a bit larger.Overall I am pleased with the Avery Address Gold Foil for Inkjets.  The gold foil look is perfect for applications where you want something snazzier than a standard white paper label; for example I expect these will be used as return address labels for my family's Christmas cards this year.  And Avery provides templates which make printing from common applications such as Microsoft Word a breeze.My only issue with these labels is that with my printer (Canon Pixma MP560) using OEM ink, smudging is an issue.  If you touch the labels immediately after printing they will be ruined.  Even after allowing the labels to sit for 30 minutes touching a moist finger to the label will smear it severely.  Now hopefully this won't happen too often in regular use, so for most purposes the Avery Gold Foil labels are an acceptable choice - if you are careful with them.30 labels per sheet, with a really nice gold finish that looks sharp.  They are easily removed off the sheet after you print them.  They stick well to paper (envelopes).  The are great for return address labels (that's what they are called!), but I don't think the post office would want these used as the main mailing label.Note, the description says for INKJET ONLY.  The packaging says for INKJET.  I'm telling you, please DO NOT USE THESE IN A LASER PRINTER. (Sorry for shouting that, but these would gunk up your laser printer's fuser really badly).If you have an inkjet or retail / consumer photo printer (which is an inkjet printer) you will be happy with these.Reminder, use the highest quality setting that your inkjet printer allows; that will ensure that the ink is really put down onto the label well.  If you don't know how to change that setting, on a Windows(TM) PC, it's usually under print set up, or properties, and can be changed for each printing task.We still like to send out old fashioned "snail mail" Christmas cards, and these gold foil labels are just the thing to dress up our return address labels with. They fed and printed perfectly on my Epson Workforce 30 printer. Speaking of which, a pigment ink based printer is an excellent idea for this use. Many older inkjet printers have very poor moisture resistance inks and can leave you with labels that don't hold up to the littlest bit of rain or snow.The combination of these Avery labels and my printer made it quick, fun and easy to turn out something just a little special. Avery provides down-loadable MS Word macro software which worked perfectly for me.Two thumbs up!These Avery Gold Inkjet labels were just what I was looking for. The labels are nicely metallic in appearance. I downloaded the template from the Avery site, created a copy with my return address and printed them out. the final look was great, but you do need to handle them carefully for a few minutes after printing to avoid smudging.These are designed for return address labels. Be that as it may, they work great as gift tags! I used them at Christmas for presents. They work great in the ink jet printers I have, Canon and HP.Use the Avery software templates available online for correct placement of the address or whatever.They also look nice on containers that you use or re-use. Such as canning jars for gifts, etc.For 300 labels they are a good deal.I had no difficulties running these through our Canon inket printer, and the labels look really nice when you print them.  I picked the gold color to use with our holiday cards for this year, and they look classy and elegant.That being said, it was a pain to deal with the template!  My version of MS Word didn't have the label number built into it as a template, so I had to go to Avery's website to download it.  From there, I tried copying and pasting the addresses I had typed into an old label template into this new one, and it got really wonky on me.  I've done the same thing many times before with other template numbers, so I'm not sure why this one was so screwy. I ended up up just re-typing all my addresses in, and then it was fine, but I wish it had been easier.Overall, this stick well and look nice!I waited until Christmas to use these gold foil labels and they were great. The size is substantial and can be seen, not like my other mini ones. The print stayed on the label with no smearing and the print was able to be seen and not faded looking against the color of the label.  Have a retirement party coming up and can't wait to use these for the invitations.OK, I'll admit it: I'm an office supply junkie - always searching for the perfect label, perfect file folder, perfect mechanical pencil under $10, etc.  I jump at the opportunity to review these items, so here we are ...I've been using these gold foil labels to make some very nice return address labels (I don't mail much these days, but when I do, I like to use nice labels).  I've also used them to make labels to put in books that I loan to friends, in the hope that the book will someday find its way back home.They feed perfectly in my HP Photosmart inkjet printer.  I've never had a problem of any kind with hang-ups, misfeeds, jamming, etc.The size of these is perfect for my use; sometimes, these address labels can be a tad too small.  Not these.  The size is generous enough that I can include my phone number on my book labels.These are perfect return mailing labels.  They adhere well to the envelope, ink from my inkjet printer transferred beautifully to each label, and of course the metallic gold color looks really great - especially when sending out specialty cards or announcements that you just want to have a more sophisticated look.  Good luck however if you would like to simply write on these (maybe for file folders for organization, etc.) as ball point ink don't really work despite how hard you press and markers smear.  If you purchase these specifically for your return mailing labels, you won't be disappointed.I know these are supposed to be return address labels, but I ordered them because I thought they'd be great tags for Christmas gifts.  These high quality, glossy labels work very well for that purpose.  I also love their eye-catching gold color.There are, however, a few rules one needs to keep in mind when using these:1 - The instructions on each page say "Use best print quality settings"  This is imperative!  If you don't use your printer's best settings, you will get a low-quality label that smears horribly.  Using my HP Photosmart's highest quality settings made all the difference in the world.2 - Even when using my printer's best quality settings, I had to let the labels dry for a full minute before touching.  After they dried, they didn't smear.  However, touching them before allowing the labels to dry smeared the ink -- all over the page AND my fingers.When following the above rules, my labels were high quality and free of smears.  I think it's a small price to pay for such a pretty, high-quality label.I also like that you can download free templates from [...].  When using Avery's free templates, you have four options:1 - Avery Templates (a simple and basic download, works with MS Word & Adobe programs);2 - Avery Wizard for MS Office (a download that gives more options than the basic option and makes MS Word even easier to use);3 - Avery Design & Print Online (Online version that does not require a download, unfortunately I couldn't figure out how to print a single label without printing an entire page of the same label);4 - Avery DesignPro (a download that allows even more features than basic or MS Office templates.  All the templates are free, and you can use them with multiple Avery products (labels, gift cards, etc.)  These downloads (plus the Online version of their template) adds a lot of value to an already great product.I used these for my Christmas cards this year and they worked great. I used an inkjet printer. The ink dried and would not scratch off with my finger nail. I don't know why I thought it might but I did. The labels are thick enough they didn't crease when I removed them from the sheet. Overall I am very happy with how they worked.I used these for addressing Christmas cards and they worked great.They were easy to set up and use, adhered well and they looked great!Finally! A gold label that doesn't smear the minute you remove it from the printer.  I love these!I had no problem with the template, but the test sheet included is a smidge off.  You're better off printing on a plain piece of 8.5 x 11 paper and holding it up to the labels.I used these as labels on my daughter's 5th birthday party favors. They look great!Ideal for small, home businesses that need package seals/labels!These are beautiful and ELEGANT Gold Foil labels - I printed these up and used them around the holidays: they printed and turned out beautifully!  I really liked the quality of the gold foil, the color, and the ease of use on these Avery templates: I had absolutely no problems with these mailing labels, and would definitely buy them again: enjoy!These gold foil labels are beautiful.  They have a very classy, elegant look.  The quality is everything you would expect from Avery.The only downside is that they're a bit tricky to use.  Inside the package is a sheet of paper with recommended printer settings for several types of printers.  Several of the printers listed in the table include a suggestion to only use the color ink cartridge, even if you're printing in black.My particular printer (an HP 1610) is not listed in the table, so I assumed it was OK to use black ink.The results look great, but even after letting the labels dry for more than 12 hours, the ink still smudges when I touch it.With that in mind, I would recommend using the color cartridge even if your printer isn't listed on the settings sheet.  I deducted two stars from my rating because color ink is very expensive and I don't like being forced to use it when I'm printing in black; that's what the (less expensive) black cartridge is for.  I also don't like the fact that the color ink requirement isn't mentioned anywhere on the outer packaging.  Customers deserve to know this information before making a purchase.If Avery could remedy this issue, I'd gladly give these labels five stars.Just ran the whole package of these labels through my color laser printer. I recommend using blue ink on the gold label as opposed to black ink. It gives it a much nicer appearance.The templates available at [...] make it easy breezy for either Mac or Windows users.These are classy, stylish labels and worth using for your special holiday mailings.I used these for envelopes for a party. They didn't print out as easily as I'd hoped on our printer but they did work on a laser printer (even though they are marked for inkjet...which I have). That is why I gave a lower rating.Other than that, they were easy to use and I would buy againthis is the first time i had ever ventured printing adhesive mailing labels at home, and i am happy to say that it was successful and surprisingly painless. the labeling sheet itself was sturdily constructed and glossy. no complains there about the quality. since i am a novice, i decided to use the online template and printing solution that is offered at avery.com. the instructions were clear and the available customization options were decent. doubtless you may be able to customize more using your own word processor to create label templates, however, for most beginners, the online templates are sufficient.once caveat; let the sheet dry for a few minutes before using. at least for my printer (a canon photo printer) i needed to let the labels dry for a while. in case you're in a hurry though, i suggest using some baby powder to absorb the excess ink, and then wiping the sheet clean with a kleenex.all in all, i am satisfied with the quality and ease of use of these labels. the gold foil will definitely lend your mailings with a touch of elegance. highly recommended.These are very reminiscent of personalized quality labels available through mail-order. I was really excited to try them and was expecting professional results, as is the case with most Avery labels.Unfortunately, the instructions inside the packaging (the outer packaging does not declare this) reveal that these generally won't work with black ink. The instruction sheet makes such declarations for various printers as: "Use color ink cartridge only." "Use any color but black."  Black ink, which is what my printer has, sits on top of the labels and doesn't soak in. It eventually dries, but the text dries a lot thinner than intended, isn't very legible, scrapes off, and isn't color-fast. For anyone who just uses black ink cartridges, I recommend choosing another Avery label.Using someone else's quality printer, one with archival and color inks, I printed out sheets using dark blue ink. The ink dried and the results looked professional, but the ink also scraped off, especially in any large print areas (thin printing is more difficult to scrape off), and isn't color-fast. If you have a high-quality color printer and want to use the labels, here are some things I learned from the instructions and through trial and error: Use a dark color, but not the black ink cartridge. Choose fonts and images with thin lines (they seem to be more difficult to chip off). Let the ink dry for a few days prior to use. Finally, if you want added security when shipping, place tape over each finished label.I have used these for shipping purposes after putting tape over the label, but wouldn't use them as-is when shipping mail or packages, due to the lack of permanence. Non-archival-quality, temporary craft use is a possibility, however, such as to/from gift-wrap labels. They really are pretty labels, but the success of printing on them will depend greatly on each individual printer.I don't know how many pre-printed labels I get from one source or another, but most of them manage to either spell my name wrong or butcher my address.  This year I used the Avery Gold foil labels to print my own return address labels, and am happy to say that they look great.  But most importantly, my name and address are correct.The label states that they are made expressly for an inkjet printer, however, I printed two pages on a laser printer using the feeing tray and the quality was exceptional.I've been an Avery labels fan forever. These were disappointing. The ink seemed to take longer to dry than on other sheets I've used before which resulted in some smearing (could only print one sheet at a time because they'd smear if I removed them from the printer right away or if another sheet printed out on top of them).For some reason my black ink didn't adhere.  The other colors were OK but plain black seemed to fade to a light shadow. Since the other colors all printed OK I am thinking it might just be my computer.Overall I wasn't as thrilled as I have been with all of my other Avery labels. I think I'll stick with white or clear going forward. The gold was nice for Christmas cards but I don't think it was worth the extra time and hassle.I used the Avery template to add my return address information and it worked fine once I figured how to open the file to edit it. My only helpful hint to others is to make sure the paper holder is adjusted properly so the paper feeds into the machine without slipping to the side. The foil is a beautiful rich looking gold color and the black ink I selected shows up nicely. No complaints and the product sticks beautifully as well. I would like to see the product offered as a repositionable label in the future as my ability to stick labels in the perfect spot the first time sometimes is off the mark.These were a sample from Amazon Vine received a few months back.  I hadn't had a reason to use them until I thought I'd gussy up this year's Holiday cards and give em a test drive.I used Avery's online label maker (5 star software!) after going to their site to pick up the MS Word add-in I've used before and finding the very capable online version.  I created a set of return address labels and ran a set of MS Excel based mailing addresses created from my email contacts.  Quick and easy.I ran the labels through an Epson Artisan 810 inkjet multi-function printer.  No special settings, just put the labels in the paper tray and went for it.  The label content consisted of the address info and a small (but intricate) graphic.Results:  The reproduction was excellent, brilliant colors and crisp detail.  The only negative was one sheet which didn't feed exactly right (probably operator error). They parted from the backing easily and stuck to the envelopes firmly with no wrinkling or smearing (I waited about 5 minutes after printing).Nice labels + Nice software = Happy Holidays!The Scotch Brand HD Packaging Tape arrived in time to use on an out-going UPS package.  The tape was easy to unwind and cut in the better than average plastic tape dispenser. It is heavy duty quality and holds the box flaps securely.  A great addition to our packaging paraphernalia box.I've used Scotch packing tape products before, but never a dispenser for this size roll.  Like the smaller dispensers I've used in the past, this dispenser makes using the tape a breeze.  Just pull out the desired amount of tape, rip it across the built in cutter and you're done.  I have no way to test the strength claims of this tape, but it does seem to be a bit heftier than the tape I'm accustomed to using, so it certainly seems likely that it would be stronger.  The roll of tape appears to be a conventional size, so the dispenser can probably be reused.I'm always shipping and receiving packages...and now I know brand that fabulously strong tape is! I will definitely seek this out. Easy to dispense, holds tight, and best of all, it's not likely to fold up and stick to itself while sealing a package.I have purchased low budget tapes in the past and have been disappointed because the tape tears WAY too easily, and subsequently becomes very hard to pull off the roll -resulting in frequent splitting, and lots of frustration.  Therefore, I really recommend avoiding bottom of the barrel items and aiming higher.This tape really fits the bill: it is really high quality, it will stick well to cardboard, it will stick well to itself, and it peels off pretty easily.My only concern, however, with this tape, is the price.  It is 180% of the cost of the same brand, but slightly thinner tape.  That seems high to me, and since I can buy great tape for half the price, I can't give it a full 5 stars.However, if you are not concerned about price, this product fits the bill in every other way.  Recommended.Scotch makes some of the finest products and this is no acception.  This packaging tape has been very useful.  I've used it for shipping packages and for taping storage boxes.  It's good strong tape.I try to keep a roll around the house just in case.  It is so convenient to have a roll already loaded onto a cutter.  I just keep it stashed in my kitchen drawer and it's ready whenever I need it.I use this tape (and other Scotch products) regularly for my shipping needs. I sell stuff on Amazon and other websites and also am a member of a site called 'Bookmooch', so I'm frequently mailing out DVDs, Books, and other items.This tape and its dispenser are great for sealing parcels. My only complaint is that the design of the dispenser makes it sorta easy for the tape to pull back through and stick onto the roll, which makes you have to pick at it in order to get the tape going again.To remedy this annoyance, I'll dog-ear the corner of the tape when I'm done using it for convenience during my next use.Other than that, great tape, decent price... I use it all the time and recommend it to anyone who needs to pack & mail parcels.I do a lot of packaging and this tape is great for sealing boxes and holding things into place.  I highly recommend this product.I've moved a lot and have always used Scotch brand packing tape.  I have tried generic brands, cheaper brands and store brands--nothing is as good as Scotch.  This particular heavy duty version of Scotch packing tape is a lot thicker and has more "stickiness."  Their regular packing tape is great and runs about $2.99, the heavy duty is much more expensive but if you have heavy-duty things to pack or ship--this is the one to use.  I highly recommend.I do a lot of shipping and this is a great tape for packing up boxes. This tape is very strong and durable. I have had no problem with the tape splitting as I have had some tapes do. Once the tape splits on the roll it's almost impossible to get it started as one piece of tape like it's supposed to be.This is tough for packing needs and comes in a nice sized roll that will last. The tape is a little thicker and it's very sticky for taping down cardboard or adding extra security to bubble wraps or other types of packaging. This tape is my new preference when it comes to packing parcels and shipping out items. I am confindant that this tape will not come undone and will keep my packages secure through all the tough treatment that packages get when you send them. The dispenser is strong and easy to use and very durable.This Scotch Super Strength is my favorite packaging tape.  I know it's odd to have a "favorite" tape, but when it comes to sealing boxes I can be a bit OCD.  This tape is strong, thick, and seems durable.  I don't like having to go over the seam 2 or 3 times to be confident that the box will stay shut, and with this tape I have no concerns.  Highly recommended!Good tape, does what it's supposed to, bad dispenser.This tape is way better than a lot of the clear packaging tape that I've used. It's nice and strong so that it only takes one or two strips to do the job. The only thing that kept me from giving it a 5 star rating is the dispenser. Like most of the others it's real flimsy and awkward to work with.The title pretty much sums it up. While more pricy than the low-end tape, I find the stronger tapes to be a better value since you don't need to use as much, and you don't waste any due to the tape not coming off the roller or not being cut cleanly. This tape is also crystal clear, so no problems taping over address labels without obscuring the writing.Also works great to remove cat hair from suits!Much better than generic house-brand package tape.  This stuff actually sticks to your packages and wont unravel -- important when shipping stuff.  Why cheapen out by saving a few bucks at the risk of open contents while in transit, i.e. losing your items?  Get this and be done with it.VINE must have used this tape to package it, because I could not remove the bubble wrap from around it without my using all my super strength, tearing the bubble wrap, to the distress of all of my friends who love to sit around popping bubble wrap.Made in the USA (gosh, we make something besides guns?), twenty times stronger than acrylic tapes. With handy minimal text graphics hidden on the inside back of the label, way down inside the roll, in the back, illustrating the proper dispensation of this 3M product.'Pull tape through the' (rest illegible and/or covered by VINE sticker - I shall never know - through the what? through the night?)We also find upon this deep inside back label the explanation and documentation of the claim to be twenty times stronger, in letters tinier than my optometrist permits me to read anymore for endangering those tiny little springs which adjust my organic lens, but we discover there this claim is based upon ASTM #(rest too small to read).We are also warned the plaid design is copyright. We are not told what are the consequences of wearing this plaid in plagiarism, yet uncomfortably recall that horrible warning: Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid.Again in the small print we are told Made in USA with a copyright of the year 2000, followed by the information the 'Dispenser made for 3M.'Could this indicate that while the tape itself, twenty times stronger as it is than acrylic tape, is made within the USA (and territories? Could this include Puerto Rico? OMG! GUAM?), the dispenser might clearly have been constructed by child slave labor in China, Mexico, Ethiopia?The outside, top label I received differs from the one pictured upon this product page. It is simpler, and while declaring in small white print it is made in the USA, it bears no Stars and Stripes, as does this page. Also the tape itself is entitled: Scotch Shipping Packaging Tape.Now, we all know the hard way how much the Scots insist on being called Scots, and not Scotch, despite the 1890 Glenlivet Scotch Whisky Distillery Peat Worm Tube and the rest. Yet, what I want to know is what have I been sent; is this shipping or packaging tape, or some unholy hybrid? This product page indicates only Packaging, without the shipping. Have I therefore received a superior product, capable not only of packaging but also of shipping? Caveat Emptor!A handy phone number for such persistent questions, and even comments (hopefully far more helpful than any comment which graces these present pages), may be found upon the back side of the label, deep within the roll of the tube of the tape, in numbers much smaller than my optometrist permits me anymore to read.All other such helpful information has been concealed forever beneath the Vine program scanning sticker, including the continuation of the cartoon series describing the proper set-up and application of this equipment.Super strength for those important packages home; matches USPS regulations, and perhaps even FedEx and UPS as well. At nearly two inches wide and over 38 yards long (more precisely 48mm by 35 meters; I don't know why those Scots could not have gone the full fifty millimeters but they are famous for their stinginess . . .) this should cover heavily any package you may have for shipping, to such a degree a machete or small chainsaw will be required for any planned opening.After all, this is twenty times stronger than acrylic tape.At least the package I was sent says so, not this product page.My problem of course is getting all jammed up in the dispenser (made FOR 3M, but WHERE??!!) and cutting my fingers instead of the tape, and just ripping out the tape and cutting it with my teeth, what are left . . .I am so sorry VINE covered up the cartoons describing the set-up process, and that 3M made its help line number too small to see . . .Still, this is the tape for Superman when he packages up forever more those friendly Kryptonite cookies Lex Luthor keeps sending. Not even Superman can get them out again!Could we apply it to the digits of a troll typing hand?then and then alone could I declare it:Truly Great Tape!As a person who participated in multiple book swapping sites (and let me tell you sometimes the people on these sites can get into really heated discussions about tape) I need a good quality packing tape that won't give way, tear, or weaken in the rain (The way the shipping tape you get in the post office sometimes does). This fits the bill. So far I have sent out about 15-20 books using this tape and have not had a single problem. Some of these books were in boxes and some packaged in tevlar envelopes (these can be hard to tape as they are not the best taping surface). This tape sticks and once it is down it won't come off unless you really force it to. The only problem I have with it is the dispenser it is in does not control it perfectly all the time, and sometimes the tape cuts funny. (But that might have something to do with my inadequacies in handling the dispenser.) I would recommend this tape to anyone who does a lot of shipping and requires a strong sticky tape.3M claims that this tape is 20x stronger than your run-of-the-mill packing tape. I believe them. In fact, this tape will almost certainly end up being much stronger than the box that it seals.My wife mails small packages of sauces. Using this tape for those small packages is akin to using a flame thrower to light your barbecue. Don't hold that against the product though - it is not necessarily intended for sealing small packages. Then again, most people love to put 3-4 strips of tape across the bottom of boxes so that they can be sure that the box won't fall open. Maybe you will feel more comfortable using only one strip of this high-strength tape, which will end up saving you time and money.I think that this product would excel for uses such as sealing and reinforcing boxes for moving. You can be certain that a strip of this tape around a box of books will keep the box from falling apart. It would also definitely keep children taped to their chairs as you try to get them to eat vegetables.Scotch Heavy Duty Shipping /Packaging Tape "far exceeds requirements," to borrow an old job-performance-review rating. This tape does the basic job of sealing and holding packages together, and goes beyond that by being exceptionally strong and very transparent (the 38 yards of tape are wound onto a spool that is 3/8" thick with tape, which I calculate to comprise roughly 115 layers, and one can read the label underneath all those layers almost as if the tape were not there). The transparency of the tape means that one does not have to worry about covering the mailing label, or anything else on the package on which it is being used--everything will remain as legible as if the tape were not there (except for its shiny surface). The tape is sticky enough and highly unlikely to slip.This tape unspools easily enough, and the dispenser includes an effective cutting edge; but this tape is engineered for strength and does not have the "quiet" feature of another Scotch packaging tape that 3M makes. You should buy whichever tape more nearly suits your needs--this tape for strength, the other for ease and quietness of unspooling.The only thing I can think of that might make the product better would be to provide a convenient surface on which to park the leading edge of the remaining tape so that it does not flop around and re-adhere to itself--sometimes getting tape "started" (i.e. unsticking the leading edge) again can be a little frustrating. There are a couple of protuberances on the plastic dispenser to which one can secure the tape and keep it from sticking to itself, but they do not seem to be particularly well designed for that purpose--they seem instead simply to be guides to help keep the tape straight as it comes off the spool.Scotch's heavy duty, clear packaging tape claims on its packaging to be 20x stronger than acrylic tapes. I can't possibly test this, but I can say that the heavy duty Scotch tape is significantly thicker--and thus presumably stronger--than Scotch's regular-strength "mailing and storage tape." And beyond that I know that Scotch's regular-strength clear packing tape is significantly better than an off-brand clear tape I once bought. Using the off-brand tape was actually a horrible experience, and I vowed never to turn my back on Scotch again.I'm not sure that one would need the great strength and thickness of the heavy duty tape on all packages, but that's a question you'll have to ask yourself. My only complaint about the tape is a small one, that it was hard to start. Otherwise the tape is great and its plastic dispenser works well.-- Debra HamelI've used scotch brand regular strength tape for years. That one is good for mailing smaller packages and padded envelopes. The super strength is more suited for making boxes and closing boxes than the regular strength as it is thicker. You can feel the difference when you tear it off the dispenser. Because it is stronger it isn't quite as flexible but the purpose of using this one is for it's strength. The dispenser is easy to use. There is a small lip on either side that holds the tape to keep it from sticking to the rest of the roll. The dispenser is re-useable, just buy a replacement roll and you're good to go. The dispenser can be used with either strength tape. Trused brand I will continue to use.I send a lot of packages and I have used Scotch brand tape for probably 20 years.  This super strength tape really is thicker and stronger than the regular Scotch brand.  It's excellent for sealing and closing boxes.  Because it's thicker, I did notice some "gapping" when using the tape to affix labels or to close box flaps that aren't completely flat.  For example, if you have a box flap which is slightly indented, the thickness of this tape can make it difficult to conform to the flap's surface.  That's my only complaint.  This tape is so strong I have set it aside to use for moving boxes, and I plan to buy more of it when we pack everything up.There aren't a whole lot of things to say about a tape dispenser. This one is clearly meant for small jobs and if you are sealing a lot of boxes this one will only lead to frustration. First of all the cheap design of it means you have to hold the cylinder on the sides. This also means they can't include much tape since your hand has to fit around the entire piece. The tape was suitably sticky to seal my box but when I cut the tape with the serrated edge it would snap back onto the roll every time which means I have to go back and use my fingernails to peal it back off the roll. For a single box or even several boxes this might not be a big deal but if you planning on moving and have a lot of boxes pulling the tape back off the roll each time will get really old. I also had a problem with the tape tearing when I was pulling it back off the roll however I've never seen a tape dispenser that didn't have that problem. On the other hand if it didn't snap back onto the roll each time I wouldn't have to worry about it tearing.Scotch claims that this is refillable but God only knows how you get a new roll of tape on since it fits over a solid plastic axle and it has the look and feel of something disposable. This is clearly intended for the budget conscious customer but for my money I'd spend a little extra to get a quality tape dispenser with a handle that actually is reusable and can hold more than this tiny roll of tape.The product I used previously was from the Post Office, came with a blue plastic holder.  The tape, once stuck together on the roll was almost impossible to get separated, it would tear in several places etc. Just had to spend too much time with fingernails trying to get it started again.  The holder would squeeze together when I would try to unroll a strip, binding the roll of tape---it was worthless.  So much for heartbreak hotel!The Scotch tape is much thicker and stronger and easy to get off the roll, unrolling a strip is easy by holding the holder, no binding at all.  The difference in quality and ease of use is beyond comparison---agreed this is just a tad more expensive.  However, when you consider that there is no wasted tape when you try to peal it from the roll, the wasted time and the ease of use makes this a much better bargain, at least for me.  I like things simple and easy to use---this fits the bill fine.  One final note, this is made by Scotch in the U.S.  the other was not, it was just a cheap knock off.  I suppose it sounds a little nuts to sound off this much about a roll of tape, but there is such a difference from what I was using and this, I thought it just might be of a little help to someone....ThanksOh, I sould mention the most important thing (the reason we buy this stuff), it does an excellent job sealing packages---double strips of tape are not needed with this product.I have shipped maybe 500+ things sold from online auctions sites, and good tape is important.  This tape sticks to the box, it is strong so you don't need to use much, and it does the job.  My opinion is that the worst money spent is on inexpensive and ineffective tape, which doesn't stick well in all circumstances, it isn't strong, and it is a pain to use.  I have never had issue with this tape failing, and this is the only tape I buy from a local warehouse store.  I made the mistake of buying generic once and wasn't satisfied.  I primarily ship with USPS Priority mail in their supplied packages.The title says it all: "Scotch Super Strength Packaging Tape"  It is a very great tape for everything in your packing needs. You don't have to put a long strip,, just a small amount in the various areas of the box keeps it tightly held shut. I would not use this for anything but packing. I like other Scotch Tape for other things. The orange holder that dispenser works very well and I recommend using it. Do not try using this tape without it, your tape will get stuck to everything. It does work that well. I like it.This is some heavy-duty packing tape with excellent adhesive qualities.  It is rather thick so it doesn't tend to curl and get stuck to itself as it comes off the roll like some cheaper tapes do.  It comes in an ingenious plastic dispenser, that while light-weight, provides a very easy way to both handle the roll and cut the tape exactly where you want it.  Overall, this is an easy tape to use and it has plenty of sticking power to keep boxes shut.How do I review tape? Maybe I should have thought of that before requesting it, but I needed packaging tape and I'd never tried this before. What the hey, right? Can't promise anyone this will be a good review, but hopefully it'll be somewhat helpful. Maybe, just a tiny bit, an eensy-weensy bit, okay maybe it won't be that either.So far, it's very nice tape: it sticks (always a plus), it doesn't shred like many others do, it's thicker, and overall it is superior to many I've tried. I'm not especially fond of the dispenser, I've come across better, sturdier ones, but it does the job. So would I recommend it? Sure, I guess it'd just depend on the price and if you have the need for super strength over regular packaging type.I got this tape today and could not wait to try it out, even though I didn't have a package to pack and ship at the moment. I assembled a box and then tried to open it. Wow...this tape is strong and should be able to withstand anything the shipping companies throw at it.I did have some trouble with the dispenser and would prefer to simply use a refillable handle dispenser rather than the one provided with the tape. That, however, is a personal preference that will vary from user to user. It certainly isn't enough of a problem to subtract a star from the rating.If you want a super strong packing tape that should withstand anything, this is the tape for you. And, because the dispenser is refillable, I imagine that refills are sold so that if you prefer a different type of dispenser, you should be able to buy the tape alone.As a consumer I have always sought the Scotch brand packing tapes when shipping packages.  Their products are what they profess them to be,  thus my dedication to their line.Scotch Super Strength Packing Tape is simply a finer tune on the best product.  It is strong; it is durable; it is able to seal boxes so easily it was a breeze for me.  I am quite confident it won't come undone no matter how roughly the package is handled.A product which deserves using; always reliable.Great job, Scotch.  I am always surprised a seemingly unflawed product can be improved upon but you did it.Compared to the typical clear packaging tape one might purchase a store, this new Super Strength tape is noticeably thicker and stronger. However, it can still be finicky and prone to tearing on the dispenser. Be careful when you lift it up and roll it on the dispenser, or else it will tear almost as easily as traditional packing tape.This easy to use dispenser is refillable and keeps the tape from sticking to itself.  If you're shipping anything, don't risk using cheap brands.  Scotch packing tape sticks tight and stays put.  The tape is just under two inches wide so it's great for not only taping up boxes but also placing over mailing labels because it's clear and weather proof.For those of us who use shipping tape, one of the great challenges is how to get the entire roll spinning at once, without having to break nails and play with the tape because it is not coming off the roll evenly. This stuff actually works!Not only is the dispenser more solid than competitive brands, it seems to hold the tape coming off the roll in just the right way so that clean, even ends are made, and the tape rolls smoothly.Easy to use, and not a source of continuing frustration.For a small inexpensive packing tape dispenser, this is a very good product.Light, sturdy and easy to hold.  The blade is very sharp and I had no problem rolling the tape over a box, then cutting it.Unlike most plastic tape dispensers, this locks the tape so that the roll does fall out of the dispenser while using it and yet is easy enough to open when the tape roll need replacing.It will never replace the big handled dispensers (while it is easy to hold, I'm sure you hand would get tired holding it) if you have a lot of packages to seal, but for the one offs, this is great.I am often sending packages overseas and find that there are definitely differences when it comes to packaging tape.The Scotch Super Strength Packaging Tape works great. It has very good sticking power, and rolls off cleanly enough to be taped over address labels with bar codes without messing the respective readers up. I also like that the tape cuts off well- not like some of the cheaper tapes that stretch and where one has to work to get the cutter to do its job. In addition, the cutter stays sharp until the end of the tape. This is my go-to tape for jobs where it is important that the tape holds up. I'd recommend it to anyone.Being someone who shipped anywhere from one to seven packages a day I like to think that I know my packing tapes.Typically I purchase my tape in bulk (eighteen to a pack) and I've had some really bad tape, stuff so thin and flimsy, it's like using cling film for tape. However this Scotch Super Strength is the complete opposite!It adheres to the boxes much better then 75% of the tapes that are out there.The sheer strength of it is amazing. You definitely can't rip or tear it by hand.The one drawback it has is it's dispenser. I am use to usingScotch's ST-181 Dispenserwhich works well. The dispenser that comes with this is definitely not intended for repetitive or constant use. I end up pulling and ripping a piece of tape the size I need and then sticking it on the package, instead of actually applying it to the box. With the ST-181 dispenser I can tape up a box in about ten seconds, with this it's about three times as long. So it's definitely not intended for serious use.So at the end of the day, it's awesome tape and I am considering switching to Scotch's Super Strength tape, but there is just no way I'll be using this dispenser.Pros:Made in the USA!Much stronger then the tapes I buy in bulk.Adheres to all types of package I've used it on (brown paper, cardboard, poly mailers, kraft mailers, Tyvek mailers).Does not rip or tear by hand.Cons:The dispenser does not do a good job at dispensing.Scotch Super Strength Packaging Tape is the ultimate in shipping tapes. It cuts clean when you are ready to use the dispenser's strip cutter. It doesn't get balled up and force you to untangle it as you are holding your package closed. It is accepted by the US Mail on most of their official packing boxes as reinforcement. It stays secure, even when wet. What more could you want from a packaging tape? Sturdy, dependable and easy to use. This tape is the one to turn to when you need a tape to count on! Recommended!I usually have difficulty using these dispensers, but this one worked well for me.  The tape is wide enough to make me feel itis secure in closing packages  for shipping. It sticks quickly and smoothly.This Scotch packaging tape is strong and reliable.  It comes on an easy to use dispensing roll that you can use to cut the tape.  This roll is clear - you could tape over a label or anything else that needs to be visible.  This is a fairly long roll, so it should last for awhile even if you mail packages fairly often.  The only drawback on this tape is that it's not cheap - if you are looking to cut cost and don't need the tape to be extra strong then you could look for a generic brand of packaging tape, as Scotch quality yields a premium price.This tape really is strong, reliable, thick, and doesn't get stuck on itself or stick back to the roll. It's my favorite tape when I'm trying to close a cardboard box for shipping or packing. Great tape, good dispenser.I've used a lot of packing tape over the years, shipping various boxes.  This tape is about as good as it gets... nice quality, plenty sticky, not too thin, etc.  The dispenser is okay too, and definitely beats a loose roll of tape and a pair of scissors.  It doesn't deal very well with the sticky end of the tape though... it has a place to sort of put it until the next time you use it so it doesn't just fall back against the roll and make you pull it off again, but it could be better in this regard.  What I like more is a good tape gun (like this one, which I use and love:3M Scotch Gray Box Sealing Tape Dispenser (H180)).  If you send a lot of packages, I'd suggest investing in one of those: they cost a little more up front, but they are easier to use, quicker, and more effective, once you get the hang of them.  Then you can just buy tape refills (like these ones:Scotch Mailing and Storage Tape 3650-4, 1.88 Inches x 54.6 Yards, 4-Pack), and save a little money that way.Strong, reliable and easy to apply, this tape keeps the boxes closed.  This is the product I turn to first for storage and moving.I've tried different brands of packaging tape, but Scotch is the best! It always cuts evenly, so I don't waste tape, and it doesn't split. It works perfectly every time and it is super strong. I will always use Scotch packaging tape because it is superior to other brands.I just received a Heavy Duty Clear Scotch Shipping Tape Dispenser, specifically, theScotch Super Strength Packaging Tape 3500, 1.88 Inches x 38.2 Yardsfrom Amazon.  This is good tape!  I've used other clear tape products in the past, some good, and some not good at all.  This tape feels strong and when I taped up a box, it held really well.  The amount of tape on the dispenser looks like it's not full though, so I didn't give this 5 stars.  For most people, this would be a good size, but if you were packaging a lot of boxes, I think you'd want a larger roll.  The plastic dispenser works well on this, a design that 3M has used for years on smaller rolls.  As with all of these types of dispensers, be careful, the cutting edge is sharp.  This dispenser can be refilled, and a new roll would easily be put into this holder (it was easy for me to remove the full roll, and easy for me to put it back into the dispenser).Packing tape is about as interesting as, well, staples for your stapler?  But, like the mundane stapler - experience as a business owner has made me realize it is hard to underrate the proper stapler loaded with the strongest and sharpest staples - the wrong packing tape requires extra labor, thus actually ends up costing more.Sometimes the stapler thing is the difference between zipping through compiling and stapling thick stacks of bills vs. breaking the set up stapling a few at a time and then using clips to keep them together.  Or worse, having to repeatedly pull out staples because the stapler was not heavy duty enough and lacking in staples of adequate sharpness(You know us guys...We are determined because were men that we'll staple all 45 pages and we'll waste lots of time until we conquer it).  O.K., I'm on a tangent here, but what I'm saying is having the right packing tape, like the right stapler/staple combination, absolutely makes a differnence.I usually buy a mid-weight Scotch package tape.  It's pretty strong, but it could be more agressive as far as it's stickiness.  This 20X strength tape solves the stickiness problem (it is real agressive sticking) and is really so strong it's approaching the perfect tape for my business shipping needs.  I am a shoe retailer and many times I ship out individual pairs where my mid-weight tape is actually overkill...But, many times I ship out cases of heavy boots (6 pr. per case) and I have to layer the Scotch tape I'm currently using for insurance.  This is tiresome to take the time to double, even triple, up on al taped seams, etc. Plus, since my current tape isn't as aggressive as I'd like so I have to massage the box where the tape is laid down to be certain it adheres. You can see this makes shipping easily take twice as long as it should.  Scotch 20X Strength Packaging Tape solves all my problems and I can live with the overkill on smaller packages since I save time and money overall.  This is my new tape and I recommend it without reservation.As an Amazon Vine(tm) member (see the green text above), one is often faced with having to review some products that it seems odd, even funny, to be reviewing. Like packing tape. What to say about it? It's sticky! Yay! And you can see through it!! Double yay!Granted, not all tapes are created equal. I've learned to avoid the clear packing tape sold at my local Post Office because it just isn't sticky enough. This tape doesn't have that problem. And note that this particular Scotch packing tape is "Super Strength Packaging Tape." This means that it's thicker and stronger than, for example,Scotch Mailing/Storage Tape, which is also less expensive (at least in terms of list price--as of this writing, the Amazon prices are about the same). Personally, I question whether the greater strength of this tape is worth any extra expense; I don't think I've ever seen a package or moving box burst open because the tape tore through. But perhaps the extra peace of mind offered by this "Super Strength" tape will be worth it to some.I'll give kudos to the dispenser this tape comes with, which is a lot more compact than those big honking tape dispensers thatlook something like medieval weapons of war.This is a great product, almost too sticky sometimes.  The dispenser works well; you just pull the tape out to whatever length you want and rip.  I have not had any problems with the tape getting off the guides and rejoining the rest of the reel of tape.  The tape is fairly heavy duty (thickness), and it seems of good quality.  What I really like about it is IT STICKS VERY WELL TO ALMOST ANYTHING.  The downside is if you put it on a piece of paper and you later want to remove it, forget it.  It isn't going to happen.  (In other words the adhesion factor is very high.)  I think it is a great product.  Other tapes work reasonably well; this works extremely well.I found this product very hard to use. To start the tape I had to struggle with the tape to get is started and lost a lot of tape in the beginning because it would not start properly and only half the tape came off. Then I had to struggle to keep the tape flowing as I taped a box together. Being a former Army wife I have moved many times and have used packaging tape more times than I would like to think about and this tape was the worst I have seen. It is too bulky, hard to start, hard to remove protective cardboard from blade. All in all I would not buy this tape dispenser again.It's hard to get excited about packing tape, but this was a nice product. I ship a lot of boxes since I do so much buying and returning on the internet. The tape is very strong, it's clear which I prefer to the brown tape, and the dispenser is a huge help. It's awesome not having to have a scissors handy and go through that messy cutting and getting the tape all wound up in a ball process. It's good stuff.Scotch has created some super strong packing tape. I tested it out by packing some heavy books into a weak box. The tape held the box together even when the box was tossed around and dropped. I only used one strip of tape to hold the box together and did not reinforce it with multiple tapings. The dispenser was easy to use and the tape did not roll back onto itself. I would definitely buy this tape for heavy duty jobs.This is excellent packaging tape.  It sticks and holds well, and lives up to its super-strong description.  I used it to package boxes of books, and it worked wonderfully.  The tape cuts easily, and the dispenser is easy to use.  The one issue with this tape is the price- it's quite a bit more expensive than other packaging tapes.  While it's very good tape, I'm not convinced that it's worth the extra money, and would likely purchase a cheaper product in the future.I do a lot of packing and shipping and the main thing I look for in a good packing tape is ease of use. This super strength is tough and slightly thicker than the average tape, so it doesn't get shredded and is easy to pick up at the end. It doesn't roll back because of the handy dispenser. All definite pluses.I only wish it rolled a bit smoother, but the reason it requires a lot of pull is probably because of the strength of the tape. The dispenser is not really heavy duty in line with the tape and perhaps if it was a bit tougher it would dispense a little easier. I'm also not sure that the extra a strength is truly necessary, as my standard Scotch packing tape has never failed me, including shipping heavy and awkward items.Overall, it's a great, dependable tape for shipping much like all Scotch products and certainly worth getting over the bargain brands since you will be able to use a bit less and not worry about the tape separating or the adhesive not holding. Is it worth more cost than Scotch's regular shipping tape? Probably only if you are doing some very heavy duty or super long range shipping...or if you just want to feel super safe about any package you're sending.Go ahead and send something!I used to work in a mail room many years ago where I was constantly shipping out packages.  I used a big, metal, heavy-duty package tape dispensing apparatus that held a gigantic roll of packaging tape.  I got to where I was very efficient with it but I think I would have done much better with this little dispenser.  Although it will not hold one of those gigantic industrial rolls of tape, it hold a large enough roll.  It's light weight, plastic, easy to hold and the cutting blade works excellently every time.  It has two little tabs, one on each side that prevent the tape from falling down and adhering to the roll.  I hate having to scratch around on the roll trying to pry the end of the tape back up to where I can use it again.  It works well for both left and right-handed people.  I'm left-handed and have no problem using it.  Very good product.Many tapes I've bought in the past are very difficult to work with.  They curl, stick to thenselves - they are frustrating to use,a mess and a it seems at least half of the roll is wasted.This tape, on the other hand, has enough body so it dispenses easily, doesn't curl or stick to itself and is easy to control.  It is tough, absolutely clear and strong enough so once I tape something down, it isn't about to come unstuck.I'll be purchasing more in the future.You have seen the smaller Scotch Packaging tape dispensers? Well this is its big brother.It uses full sized rolls of clear package tape, almost 2 inches wide and you have 38 yards to work with, so you won't be running out too fast. It starts very easily, pulls and tears with little effort as well.Now, if I had a lot to tape, I would get a tape gun, but if you are just taping the occasional box for eBay or ship to family or friends, this is an item you will want in your desk drawer.This product is very easy to use and secures the packaging well. Unlike the smaller type rolls, this larger size is easier to use. I would recommend this brand for all your packaging needs. It is a little more expensive, but does the job better.This is obviously a very high quality product. I do some shipping for things I sell on eBay once in a while and I have used mostly bargain basement tapes to keep my costs down. Wow, what a difference with this product! It's so strong and sticky I can use a single piece for sealing a box. With the cheap stuff I have to wrap all the way around the box so the tape overlaps and sticks to itself. (The cheap stuff doesn't stick very well to cardboard alone.)The tape dispenser is a nice touch but I eventually took the roll out because I have become so accustomed to using tape without a dispenser. Using the dispenser actually slowed me down, but I think most people would find it useful.I'm thinking it might end up being worthwhile to pay more for this tape, use a lot less, and get a more secure package. However, I gave it only 4 stars because even though it is a top quality product, I don't think it should cost as much as it does. There is a point of diminishing returns on the cost of most products and I think this has exceeded that. Hopefully Amazon will be able to offer a better price eventually, and when that happens I will use it regularly.I send out boxes of books daily, some boxes weigh up to 40 pounds and this tape holds up.  I have tried store brands that are supposed to be similar but they really aren't as strong.  The Scotch brand is very durable and you can buy refills of just the tape.  It may cost a little more but it is well worth the extra money to have reliable, durable tape that will hold your package together.The tape is heavy duty, for sure. The tape doesn't get stuck; it doesn't get "lost" so you have to find the separation point; the cutter is sharp and works easily; the tape is strong and doesn't get stringy; the ergonomics feel solid and easy to grip. All in all, this is upscale packaging tape.Highly recommended.Reinforced tape for packaging in a handy dispenser.  Great for sending boxes with heavy items.I have tried cheaper stuff, but Scotch makes the best.This Scotch Super Strength tape is good stuff. It is quite durable and very sticky. The dispenser works great for taping boxes and sealing things up. It is more tear resistance than cheaper tapes and I feel confident that my packages I am sending will make it there unopened and in good condition with this packing tape. Kind of expensive but worth it when shipping valuable or expensive items that you are going to insure anyway.You'll never go wrong using this extra wide package of packaging tape.  The tape stays put and seals fast and easy.  This will hold those heavy boxes together!I've shipped packages with this, but they haven't arrived yet.  I'll update if necessary if there are problems.  I don't expect this tape to fail.First, the negative: it's a bit of a pain in the neck to start a new roll.  Lifting the tape was tough, even with fingernails.  Oddly, re-starting the roll was easy.Now the positives: this is a heavy-duty tape, but it's not stiff or difficult to handle.  It sticks well to boxes and hasn't lifted off.  It's clear, so it would work well to protect mailing labels.This is a full sized roll, and would fit in a regular tape dispenser.  The red plastic disposable dispenser that comes with it cuts the tape easily and has kept the tape from becoming stuck to the roll for several days and a few uses.The price seems to be comparable to similar tape at my local office supply stores.  In fact, one of them recently had packaging tape on clearance that was about the same length and more expensive than this.Far more positives than negatives so far.  I'd recommend this tape.7/15/2010 update: I've used this tape to seal several packages which were shipped by USPS and a few heavy boxes with UPS, with no problems.I've been packing/shipping things for years, and always favor Scotch tape.I've tried the local discounter's generic version and been very disappointed: tape that didn't peel cleanly, sometimes the end fell off the dispenser and stuck to the roll and then the edge shredded on trying to peel it back up.  Very not worth the few cents saved.This particular version of tape is slightly narrower than the "Scotch Super Strength Packaging Tape" I buy locally.  The "heavy duty" on the label of this tape is visually apparent in tape that looks/feels thicker than the non-"heavy duty" version I buy locally.The dispenser is the usual size, so normal Scotch refills should just work.Recommended.  Can't go wrong with this stuff.So I tried (and failed) to be clever with the title, but the bottom line is that this stuff works. It's been my go-to standard packaging tape for years. It's certainly much better than the sort of brown tape I used to use that would frequently tear down the middle.I'd have no qualms about using this tape to send your more precious cargo. I recently used it to package an item worth about $1000 and wasn't at all nervous that it would come undone in the mail.The dispenser isn't the best. It's good at helping you cut the tape, but imperfect for keeping tape ready for the next unroll: it has a tendency to roll backwards and stick back to the main roll, and it holds the tape in a way where it can get stuck to other things if the roll is thrown into a drawer or something. That said, what do you expect for a free dispenser that comes with a $10 roll of tape?This tape is pleasingly thick and easier to use than the cheap stuff.  For uses where tape strength is important, this is my choice.  But there are still plenty of times when a double layer of store-brand packing tape is more cost-effective.Perfect for the occasional shipper, this tape does a much better job than the easy-tear version. The roll and holder can fit inside our utility drawer, so I'm not hunting for it in some obscure spot. Good price too.As someone who very thoroughly tapes shipping boxes, I can vouch for both the quality of the tape as well as the dispenser. This is GOOD TAPE and you won't regret the purchase of it (as you might that cheap knock-off stuff that tears down the center).I've had both the cheap & good tape. Scotch won't let you down with this product.We found the tape to be more resistant to puncture and stretching...but the adhesive was only a bit stronger and so, would still release from a stressed carton...so, while this tape is better for packaging heavier items...the adhesive cannot be made 20 times stronger or the tape would be rather difficult to work with...much stronger tape with only a bit stronger adhesive may not be worth too much more than regular tape...save it for special packing needs when every precaution is warranted.We're packing up for a house remodel, so I jumped at the chance to review this product. For closing up cardboard boxes, however, it's totally overkill.The tape is, as advertised, about 20 times thicker than the flimsy cellophane-style tape the post office sells for boxes. So you can cut it without it tearing sideways, and you don't need to worry about it ripping if the box gets dropped. I would still prefer to use reinforced paper tape for shipping, however - that's recyclable, and it's more effective to use a thinner tape and tape all the open edges than to use monster tape and tape just the middle seam of the box.Where we *are* using the tape is in places where we might use duct ("duck") tape. Right now this tape is taping a cardboard box to the outside wall, where we're going to put in a bay window (so we can see what the space will feel like), it's keeping some mounting screws attached to shelves while they are in storage (so we don't lose them), and it makes a pretty good impromptu handle - just wrap it around something with a little slack at the top, and fold the slack in half.The tape has a thousand uses. Closing up packing boxes isn't one of them.If there's one product on which 3M has built its reputation, it must surely be adhesive tape.This Scotch Super Strength Packaging tape does not disappoint regarding its strength and itsadhesion. It's certainly pricey compared to standard packaging tape, but for those occasionswhen maximum security is a must, by all means use it. The rather cheesy "Manufactured for 3M"dispenser is another story...I have my doubts that it will last the life of the tape withoutbreaking. If you manage to accomplish that feat, the dispenser is easily refillable with atwist of the wrist. I'd rather use this tape with a quality dispenser, so... recommended withreservations.I sell a lot of stuff on eBay and Amazon.com, so, naturally, I need tape to seal the boxes.The Scotch brand for mailing material is really the best out there, besides the overpriced USPS stuff.  So far I haven't had any issues with this tape sticking to the boxes, or putting back together unfolded boxes, as it seals nice and tight.The dispenser comes in handy, and should really be purchased with the tape.  My only complaint is that the tape is really loud when dispensing, but, really, what packing tape isn't?Very, very pleased with the tensile strength of this tape. Unlike other heavy-duty tapes I've used, this one seems to have a lot of sticking power so far, which is great. Most heavy-duty tapes just flop right off the box if you so much as look at them! I gave it four stars because I think this is a painfully small roll - 38 yards might seem like a lot until you actually get taping...This is the best consumer packing tape that I know of.  While the "gun" is not quite as solid as the professional dispenser I used at work, it is pretty good.  This is super strong tape and easy to work with.This is easy to dispense, easy to use, and terrific for packaging. We use this in my office not only to package boxes, but also to reinforce the sides and bottoms of boxes in which we store heavy binders of documents.This tape is very strong, and prevents boxes filled with documents from falling apart.The tape is clear, and the surface can easily be written on with a magic marker, so that we can label boxes by writing on the tape.Finally, this tape works well to hold things in place while the glue is setting on minor repairs.There are other packaging tapes that I have tried, but I like this one the best.It's pretty hard to review packing tape.  With packing tape, there are potentially many negative things to say and nothing really positive to say, as long as it works.  This tape works great, and I happily recommend it.  It won't change your life, but it should keep your packages sealed.Nice big tape, and the dispenser is easy to use. Pretty cheap for the amount given. I ship a lot of books and haven't had any issues with packaging using this.Granted it's difficult to wax lyrical about packing tape.  But we're packing for a Big Move and I now have far too much experience with packaging tape, bubble wrap, recalcitrant boxes, and the MLS.But back to the tape.  Scotch Super Strength Packaging Tape is easy to use and effective.  And the 38.2 yard size is large enough that I don't have to keep refilling the dispenser.We've actually found something I'm not complaining about.  It must be good.Five stars:  it's strong and easy to use.When I need a good, solid and strong packing tape that doesn't get tangled up, is easy to use and gives me a perfectly sealed package every time - I always choose Scotch. Purchasing it through Amazon for the first time, I wondered how it would compare to the local retailers in my area. The stores run the same tape for around $4.00 - $5.00 plus tax. Amazon ships this to you free w/Prime at just over $7.00. So, not such a great deal when considering making a single purchase. However, I noticed a package of 6 sells for just over $15 (free ship w/Prime & no tax) making them around $2.50 each. Definitely a better deal than the local stores and worth the purchase!I regularly sell books on amazon and other products online and shipping can be a pain if you're working with horrid tape.  I've tried at least four different sizes and 'dispensers' and this is by far the simplest and easiest to use, the size is perfect, and the tape itself is excellent.  Recently, I sent a large package with some dozen books, the tape held up great and I can easily say I'll be purchasing some in the near future when I run out.I tend to use tape like this for mailing, so it is nice to have a thicker tape.  Sometimes, when I am using regular grade mailing tape, the teeth of wear you tear the tape off creates little strings of tape, if the tape gets stuck to the roll.  This makes the tape an annoying mess as you try to get the tape to be one piece again.  This tape doesn't do that at all.  It's more expensive, but I would have to debate all the tape I've ruined trying to get all the teeth torn pieces into one piece again as an expense as well.  I would consider buying this tape as an alternative.There is no question that this is high quality tape. Thick, with good tack, it does a great job of sealing boxes. If anything, it may be overkill for everyday use.The dispenser is more problematic. It certainly works fine for sealing a box here and there. If you only plan to seal a small number of boxes you can probably save a few bucks with a smaller roll in a smaller dispenser. Although this dispenser if refillable, if you plan to seal a lot of boxes you might want to spend a few more dollars and buy a tape gun. Although a gun takes some experience to use smoothly, the handle makes it much more comfortable for extended use. If you'll just seal a box now and then, but you'll eventually use a full role tape, this item is a good choice.I usually purchase the cheaper, lighter weight tape and it works for fine.  However, if you really need something taped securely--and you prefer clear tape--this is the tape to use!  It's strong, durable, and really holds well.Firstly I was disappointed this wasn't a single Malt. You'd think a company called 'Scotch' would think their business model through a little more carefully.Now this packing tape is uber strong, more so than other brands I've so I used less when testing it thus saving lots of cash so I can buy more monkeys. Now it's sticky on one side - but here's the clever bit... it's not sticky on the other side! So your parcel doesn't accrue a whole bunch of unwanted fur balls, hair, other boxes and deck chairs during transit. And so when your package arrives it doesn't look like a Katamari Damacy ball. Very thoughtful of Scotch to give us only one sticky side.The dispenser needs work. Anyone willing to offer it a job?The Scotch Super Strength Packaging Tape is one of my favorite packaging tapes to use. It sticks well, it comes off the roll easily and it doesn't fall off the feeder and stick back to itself once you thread it through. It's a nice packing tape for all kinds of packages, whether they be light or heavy. It lays nice and flat and doesn't wrinkle. It cuts off nicely and fairly easily. It's my choice of shipping tapes to use for all my shipping needs.#2951; Fuzzy Wuzzy's Summary:&#1150;&#1150;&#1150;&#1150; Recommended with warm fuzzies.For packing and mailing packages and boxes, this tape is great!  It is nice to not have to require a dispenser or scissors to use this tape.  Even though I had my doubts when I first started to use it, the tape does a decent job of tearing somewhat straight and perpendicular across the width of the tape.  And even though the tape is easy to tear across its width, it is impossible to tear this tape with my hands across its length, which is what I would hope and expect.So why did I give it 4 stars instead of 5?  Two gripes, which become more apparent the more that I use this tape:1) In order to reliably tear the tape, you hold it using the index finger and thumb of both hands, with the intended start of the tear positioned between both hands' fingers.  As you twist both of your hands in opposite directions, the tape begins to tear and you then continue the tear across the tape's width.  But that twisting action at the start of the tear often distorts and wrinkles the two corners of the tape edge from which you started the tear.  This wrinkling of the two corners causes these two corners to not stick as well and those corners may be more prone to coming loose on a package.  The other side of the tape, where you completed the tear, is not prone to this wrinkling and sticks onto packages and boxes better.2) This tape is as sticky as the regular (non-Tear-by-Hand) mailing/packaging tape.  But without using the tape from a dispenser, it usually quickly sticks back onto the main roll of tape, requiring you to look for the edge and lift the end of the tape off of the roll using your fingernail.  As with tearing the tape by hand, this lifting of the loose end using your fingernail can wrinkle the tape edge or corner again, possibly resulting in the tape not sticking as well.So while not needing a dispenser or scissors is very handy for quick or frequent taping tasks, especially if you frequently mail packages, I personally prefer using a dispenser as it gives me consistently straight edges and it does not cause wrinkling of the tape edge either due to tearing this tape by hand or due to picking at the tape edge using my fingernail to pull it off of the main roll each time.It's tough to spice up a review about, well, tape.  However, if you're shopping for packing tape, you're probably just looking for function - and this stuff has it in spades.I've been using Scotch mailing tape for many years, mostly using their dispensers similar to the one linkedhere.  It has always worked very well for me.  It's durable, stays on, seals the boxes, and is pretty easy to apply.  I haven't seen a need to look for another product, and therefore I'd recommend it to anyone looking for mailing tape.So, what makes this different?  It requires no cutting tools (such as the dispenser) to get a clean, straight edge at a break.  Trying to rip mailing tape has never been easy for me, and while possible, it's never neat looking.  This product gives a straight line break with very little effort, and the tape seems to be of the same caliber strength as what I'm used to from Scotch.I was worried that this tape would tear too easily when on a package and break the seal, seeing as how it's designed to tear (as a note, it's designed to tear across the width of the tape and not along the length).  Anyone who's gotten a package delivered in, let's just say, not perfect condition knows the danger of having boxes and tape not hold up.  While I could get it to tear at the seam of a taped box edge, it wasn't easy to get my hands into the proper orientation to do it.  The tape is quite strong until you're able to apply force across the width of the tape at about a 180 degree angle, so I think it's unlikely to tear once applied.I don't mind the dispensers and actually find that they help get a straight line of tape on a box seam, but for anyone looking for the same caliber of tape in a tear-by-hand version, I say look no further - this stuff works.This tape is easy to use, no scissors needed.  It's strong and holds well, which makes it great for taping packages for shipping.I just packed up all my holiday gifts for shipping, and this tape made it SO much easier. If you're familiar with the packing tape used by the post office for Priority Mail, that will give you an idea of how easy this tape is to use. It's a little thinner than regular packing tape, but still sturdy enough for most uses.It really is surprising when a manufacturer can take a pedestrian product and jazz it up in a way that makes people think twice (in a good way) about using it.  That is exactly what the folks have Scotch tape have done with this winner of new a product.The instant I tried it I was hooked.  The tape is crystal clear,reasonably thick, and tears easily with both hands.  In fact, it tears as easily as regular (not-quite-see-through) scotch tape, looks like clear "magic" tape, but has the strength of packing tape.  It is NOT just larger traditional scotch tape -it really is a new product.The only downside that I see is that the company hasn't done a good job marketing it.  Good luck trying to find it unless you order from Amazon.Note: The tape only tears ONE way, with the (invisible) grain, and not lengthwise.  This is important, because otherwise the tape would rip as soon as you put pressure on it.  What this means for you, is that when you are tearing the tape, you can easily tear it as many times as you want one direction, but you'd need scissors to rip/cut it the other direction.I think this tape is a wonderful addition to any household.  I would recommend it to anyone who wants to do more wrapping without having to find scissors (or the tape dispenser) all the time, or those who struggle with tearing other tapes.A solid addition to the pantheon of tape! Highly recommended.Scotch Tear by Hand Packaging Tape is a newer product from Scotch, the best- known name in household tape. I have been using Scotch tape products for as long as I can remember but this, Scotch Tear by Hand Packaging Tape, is the first clear tape I have purchased from Scotch that doesn't include a tear- off bar. With this tape, you simply select a tape size of your own choosing, hold the edge, and tear it manually, without the aid of a serrated cutting bar.I like being able to tear by hand and this feature is a nice change of pace from other packing tapes, which often include a pertruding, metal bar needed to cut the tape. However, one fact about this tape that I noticed immediately is that the tape has to be gripped just right before tearing is possible. The best way to tear off a piece of this tape is to press the edge of the tape with one thumb, then grip the edge between the index finger and thumb of the opposite hand, and tear. The process is similar to the way you grip and tear open, say, a bag of potato chips. It sounds simple enough, but it can get a little frustrating if you do not have fingernails.Another reason it helps to have fingernails when dispensing this product is that it makes it easier to start a piece of tape. With traditional tape dispensers, it is easy to grab and begin a new piece of tape because the tape is ready to go at all times- all you have to do is lift up the tape, from the cutting bar, pull the desired length, and then tear it across the cutting bar. With this product, all you have is an open roll of tape, and that means you must rotate the tape, find the edge, gradually work it loose with a fingernail, and then pull off a piece. Each time you use the tape, the process must be repeated. For this reason, Scotch Tear by Hand Packaging Tape isn't very useful when you need to tape quickly. In these instances, a roll of tape with a cutting bar is a must.Tape is essential and Scotch is certainly the name- brand leader in clear tape, packing tape, and most other types of tape. I like that Scotch has created this new style of tape and I agree that it is a nice change of pace and good for convenience purposes. The price is quite high and it can get frustrating for those without long fingernails, but this is still a handy product that makes a good addition to your office supply cabinet.Ok, it's kind of hard to get yourjollies with packing tape - unless you have some twisted role playing ideas.  But is a good thing to have packing tape that is easy to tear withou scissors.Great concept, but I have so many rolls of packing tape for my "gun."  So it will be some time before I use this model exclusively.I use packing tape to seal packages and to tape down table cloth covers.  This tape works just as well as regular packing tape for both situations.  The difference is that I don't have to have scissors or a tape gun with this tape.  The other difference is tape price.The tear by hand tape is handy.  I like that aspect.  It tears easily without bunching up (most of the time). The tape keeps my packages sealed and holds down my cloth table covers in outdoor wind.If you don't like using a tape gun and find yourself fighting with standard packing tape, this tear by hand tape is a viable option.  I wish it were a cheaper option.  5 stars for ease of use.  4 stars for price.Great product- in every way looks and performs like traditional packing tape except you can tear it by hand. It doesn't have any "pre-cut" or scored lines or anything where you have to tear it, either.I've only used it to *send* packages, and I haven't received any complaints, so I am assuming it holds up very well to the elements and the rigours of being sent cross the country or across the oceans.  It's easy to use, sticks fairly well, doesn't do that funky "wrinkle and bunch up on itself" stuff that some thinner tapes do.I haven't used this tape a lot yet, but I do find it handy to have around.It's a fairly typical packaging tape, good grip, but can be torn by hand.  I used it for sealing some gifts in Amazon boxes, and it worked well for that.  I don't know that I'll use it for shipping, it just doesn't seem durable enough.  I do prefer heavy duty mailing/packaging tapes, and they typically have a serrated holder (or I tear the edge with my teeth or scissors).  Overall, it's good if tearing by hand is what you're looking for.As Scotch/3M says in their own review:"Scotch Tear-By-Hand Tape is the ultimate in convenience, because no scissors or dispensers are needed for use. This clever tape tears straight and easily--with just your hands--yet it seals securely. Because it's so simple to use, Scotch Tear-By-Hand Tape will quickly become the favorite go-to solution for your general mailing, shipping, and moving needs."Occasionally, I'll ship a lot of boxes, weighing generally no more than 2 to 3 pounds each.  After trying this tape, while I still feel more secure with a heavier packaging tape, I believe this would be a very good (but also very expensive) alternative to pay for that convenience.  I buy Scotch packaging tape in 6-roll packages when it is on sale (and it IS my go-to favorite), and I would buy this only if I got the same value (quantity of tape) for my money.As Scotch itself is wise to say in that last sentence above, "... for your GENERAL mailing, shipping and moving needs."  I would NOT use this tape for heavier packages in ANY of those circumstances (especially moving), but for small to medium-size bubble envelopes and packages up to a few pounds (3 or 4 at the most), I would use this tape and have to admit being able to tear the quantity you need by hand IS a pretty cool convenience.When it comes to adhesives, Scotch is always the best.  This tear-by-hand tape continues that tradition.  It is clear and strong just like the normal scotch packing tape, but is easily torn by hand (and usually tears straight as long as you get the right start).  It does not feel 'super sticky', but when you get it on your package and try to pull it off, you can see that it is indeed stuck on there pretty darn good! Unlike the bargain brands, it's thick so I don't have to worry that heavy boxes will 'pull through' the tape.  Overall, I don't think I'd purchase this tape myself because it's more expensive than the regular stuff, and there's no real advantage to using this over the regular stuff.  But, it does take up less space in the drawer, so if you're one for removing clutter, this product would be for you.I was a little concerned that "tear-by-hand tape" also meant "tear-during-transit tape".  That is actually not the case.  This tape is just as strong as any other packing tape, and while it requires a little strength to tear the tape, it is definitely effective to tear off a piece.One nice thing about a tape dispenser is that, besides cutting the tape for you, it keeps the end of the tape pulled away from the roll so you don't have to use your fingernail to pull out a new piece every time.  However, with this tape, I was pleased that the act of tearing it by hand stretches out the corner of the tape a little bit, making it so the corner is really easy to grab when you pull out the next piece.  This tape truly is usable without a tape dispenser!  And as I said before, I am very pleased with the tape's strength.  Since I don't do a lot of taping on a daily basis, I'll definitely be buying this again.  But if you pack boxes for a living, you might find it to be a little more annoying than a traditional tape dispenser.  It's definitely a matter of personal preference - I actually find it to be LESS annoying than a tape dispenser.I sell a fair amount of stuff through online stores (including Amazon's Marketplace), so having packaging tape as convenient to use as this is great.It really is easy to tear. And it's as strong as the regular tape versions, i.e., the versions with a holder/slicer. I just packed up three boxes of books with it, and boxes of books can get heavy. I didn't have to use any more tape than usual.This seems to be a bit more expensive than packing tapes with the same strength that aren't "pre-sliced." But when you actually do the math in figuring out how many yards of tape you get with each purchase, this tape is really not that much more expensive -- just a couple of bucks, by my figuring.This is hard to find in stores; lucky that it's here on Amazon. Once you use it, you'll be sold on it.This is great tape to have on hand when you don't have a regular packing tape dispenser handy.  I might keep it in my car's glove box.  It does tear by hand fairly easily.  The only negative is that once you tear off the piece of tape that you are using, you have to find the end of the tape again on the roll, as it re-adheres itself to the roll again, somewhat invisibly.  But once you find it, it is easily lifted to use again.I've been using the heavy duty Scotch package tape (or as heavy-duty as clear tape gets) for years and I like it. I thought I'd give this a try to see what it was like, and it was pretty much as expected: It's nice to be able to tear it easily, but it's too light to really be effective on a package that one is shipping unless you use far more of it than you would with regular packing tape.In the long run it'll be far cheaper to buy a decent tape applicator/dispensor and heavy duty tape. The applicator makes it easy to use and you'll save money on the tape.On the other hand, if you need thicker, heavier office tape, this works fine.As much as I love playing with a tape gun, I really don't need one anymore. This tape pulls off the roll with ease, then you just tear it like you'd tear a piece of paper.  I couldn't believe how simple it was.  When I first saw the description, I thought it would be more like surgical tape (with perforations or embedded threads).Nope...it looks and feels like normal packing tape.Not that I won't miss my tape gun--because I will--but it sure is convenient to have this small roll of tape in my packing center.As happy as I am with this product, I'm dinging it one star for price.  The current price of over $14 for two rolls seems pretty spendy.  Hopefully the price drops over time.If you hate dealing with packing tape with a dispenser, then you will love this tape.  It has the same quality and strength as ordinary packing tape.  But you can actually tear off the length that you need without a dispenser.  Tearing the tape is very easy too.  Highly recommend this!I ship a lot of packages and go through a lot of tape. Whenever I'm applying tape and I do not have one of the dispensers with a serrated blade for cutting the tape, I end up using my teeth. It's not the right solution, but it's quick and functional.I used this new type of tape today for the first time and found that it does indeed rip with relative ease when peeling it from the roll. That's good because there is no dispenser or serrated edge with this product. I am a little concerned though that the ease of tearing will result in a box popping open during transport. That led me to use more of this tape as compared to other, more tear-resistant, tape when sealing boxes. It is for this reason that I give this product a 4-star rating.All in all it's a good product, but it probably will not save you all that much time. If you are using a packing tape dispenser and normal packing tape, you can do the same job in less time and with less tape.This tape does deliver on its "tear by hand" promise and it works as well as the Scotch traditional packaging tape.Scotch Packaging Tape, 2 Inches x 800 Inches, 6 Rolls (142-6). It is more convenient to use and store not requiring a dispenser with its sharp edge or grabbing for a pair of scissors. However it does cost substantially more, 2 1/2 times more than the regular packaging tape. If you only use tape infrequently or if the cost is not a consideration you would be quite happy with the performance of this tape.Update 3/21/2014 I still had some of this roll and when I wet to use it for shipping a package I found this tape has lost most of its ability to stick and easily peels off so it is useless now.If you use a lot of packing or mailing tape this stuff is wonderful. How many times have you wasted precious minutes trying to find the end of the tape when it has flipped back onto the roll? How many times have you cut yourself on the edge of the tape holder while trying to fool with the tape? Well, this stuff is super easy to use. Since it is slightly thicker than many tapes you can find the end when it decides to flip onto the roll. No need to use a tape dispenser. It tears easily and sticks well. I've not had any complaints about the tape coming off a package in spite of being easy to peel off the roll. The biggest downside, as another reviewer noted, is that it isn't easily found in local stores. It is also slightly more expensive than "regular" tape, but the convenience is well worth the extra effort to find it and the extra cost.This Scotch Tear-by-Hand Tape works just as described. It's easy to tear straight across eliminating the need for me to use scissors. I have arthritis in my hands and the tape is still easy to use. I noticed that it does not curl up on itself like most other packing tapes try to do. A little more expensive than other packing tapes but I think it's totally worth it to have one less step to deal with.Very pleased with this purchase and highly recommended.I've been using this tear-by-hand packaging tape and I have to admit that I love this compared to standard packaging tape.  It's incredibly easy to use, easy to get to the right length, and is easier to keep from sticking to itself.Overall, I have nothing but good to say about this tape!I always hate using those sharp metal cutters when using packing tape. Inevitably either myself or my wife cut ourselves when packaging (which we do a lot of). And it's usually very difficult to find the end of the tape to even get it started.All those shortcomings are not an issue with this new tape! It's super easy to start, as there is a small tab left after each use. It's easy to tear, but not too easy that you break it while using it to tape a box shut. It's light duty tape, so if you're packing something expensive/heavy, you may want heavier duty tape.  This tape doesn't stick to itself like crazy, which is a nice bonus. Love this tape!I've packed and sealed enough boxes in my life to qualify me as an amateur expert.  I've used every kind of packing tape out there.  This is terrific for someone who doesn't ship a ton of boxes because it is more expensive than regular packing tape.  (HINT:  buy it in the 4-pack here on Amazon, and save yourself some $$.)  For me, I actually LIKE the dispenser-type tape, even though it takes up more room in my drawer.  This tape actually does tear easily, and seals well.  Recommend it for most people.Standard package tape, such as the Priority Mail tape that used to be free from the Post Office, is 1 7/8" wide, is often plasticized, and adheres quickly and strongly. The downside of this form of tape is that it does not typically come on any sort of dispenser. If you're moving or shipping items, and therefore frequently using such tape, you'll often hear, "Where are the scissors," "Where's the knife," or inappropriate language following attempts to tear the packing tape with an inappropriate item (e.g. keys, pens, fingernails, etc.) with a resulting mass of packaging tape unspooling around and sticking everywhere in sight.Scotch would like to see all that end. They've therefore come up with packing tape that can be easily torn by hand. The tape itself is 1 7/8" wide. It looks very much like Scotch's older cellophane tape made larger and isn't plasticized. As a result, it is easier to handle and doesn't quickly move toward a package as a result of static electricity. But since the tape is "bulkier, it doesn't seem to have quite the adhesive power of the plasticized tape. From a stickiness measure alone, I'd therefore limit use of this tape to small packages - if you're sending a book or CD to someone, this is perfect. If you're moving a box of heavy books, I'd go for regular tape.Once you're done taping up your box, you simply tear the tape. There's a slight twist at first, and then the tape gives and cleanly tears straight across. Here's where the tape gets interesting: it appears to be designed to tear only in one direction, perpendicular to the edge of the tape. You therefore cannot tear off a few feet of tape and then rip a stretch down the middle to double the length of your tape, at least not without a pair of scissors. The benefit of this approach is that the tear is always clean; you don't end up with a messy seam at both ends of your packing tape. This isn't a world-changing innovation, but a few rolls of this tape will forever end the issue of needing to find the scissors before packing up a box for shipment.This came just in time to rebox all our Christmas items for storage.  It is so so very handy to be able to tear off a piece of tape by hand, and to not have it stick to itself while you try to seal.  The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because it is not as "sticky", which helps it not cling to itself, but also lets it come unattached from over-full boxes.This tape is great!  It came in so handy for packing up my holiday packages to ship off.  No more struggling with the packing tape on that sharp blade.  I'll buy this repeatedly from now on.  Buy it, you'll like it.I didn't need that much shipping tape until I began shopping online.  As I grew more comfortable over the years, I relied on Amazon.com and others for nearly all my shopping needs.  With such reliance came the inevitable need to sometimes ship items back either because they were defective, damaged during shipping, or just changing my mind.  I used to use a full on tape gun but that was messy and I found I wasted a ton of tape.  I switched to the simple dispensers and that was more precise and cost effective.  Now that I've found the Scotch tear-by-hand tape, I may have found the perfect tape for my needs.The tape is easy to unroll even when stuck to itself.  You need just a little bit of nail to unroll the tape.  It sticks to my packages just as well as any other shipping tape I've used and to my amazement, it rips very easily by hand!  I was expecting the texture to be closer to duct tape or be super thin like masking tape.  Nope.  It's good quality tape.  It's also doesn't cost that much compared to the regular Scotch shipping tapes.  Though, you can still get cheaper packing/shipping tape from other brands.  Also, the roll is just 50 yards, as opposed to the standard 54.6 yards.  For big jobs or for packing, I'd probably still go with a dispenser to save time.As soon as I run out all my other tape, I'll probably get more of the Scotch Tear-by-Hand.  Great product and highly recommended.It tears cleanly and sticks like it's suppose to. No need to have elbows on box while holding roll of tape in one hand and scissors in the other or contorting yourself into a pretzel. All I know is that's much easier to package up a carton than the non-tear way. I bought mine for many dollars less on one of Amazon.com's lightning sale deal, now it is otherwise too expensive, enough for me to return to the other way of fighting with the tape, scissors at the ready, and sitting on the box, only for the length of tape I just cut, get stuck on something else. Grrr. I'll be sure to stock up if I see this particular tape on special again. Soon I hope, I'm down to the last roll.This product is very handy to have around if you do not have a heavy-duty tape roll and dispenser with you.The price per square inch you get may be a little high, however.I used it for sealing packages and applying some decprations to glass and it seems to work as well as other sealing tapes, but easier to use because you have to try and use scissors on it while holding the roll.I picked this Scotch Tear-by-Hand tape to review from the Amazon Vine program (thanks) because its description caught my curiosity. Packaging tape that can be torn by hand? Doesn't that mean this tape can be broken easily due to wear in the mailing process?It turns out that my worry is not warranted as long as I use this tape properly. Consider sealing the top of a box. With tradition (non-tear-by-hand) tapes, you may get away with just one piece of very long tape. This piece of tape goes along the direction of the gap between the two "box tops". All you need is to make sure that the tape has decent lengths on the two vertical sides at the two ends.With this tape, however, you will definitely want to use two more pieces of tape to seal the two edges where the first piece of tape wraps 90 degrees around on the box. (So these two pieces are perpendicular to the first piece.) Otherwise, the shearing of the box will let the "box tops" cut into the first piece at the edge, and in one mock test done at home, we did manage to break the tape this way.In other words, you can't skimp with this tape. But as pointed out by many reviewers, this tape is not exactly cheap either. I, for one, am not prepared to pay for the convenience afforded by this tape, but I am still giving this five stars because it is an effective mailing tape with very strong adhesive and it can be hand-torn as advertised.I love this Scotch Tear by Hand Tape!!  A bit of background here, when it comes to taping box's there's one thing that *always* happens to me--inevitably I cut the tape the proper length just to have it curl up on itself and become useless...  Well, Scotch Tear by Hand Tape has stopped that problem!  I don't have to worry about the tape curling up on me, or the scissors failing me at the last possible second, I can just tear it by hand and place it on the box.  It makes setting up boxes directly in the post office much easier and faster, too!  So far, I've had no problems with this tape and haven't heard any negative feedback from the recipients of the packages, either.  If you ship a lot, then this is something to look into getting!The tape is really easy to use, since you can tear it by hand. I used it to pack three parcels, one of them was rather big and weighted over 10 lbs, and all of them arrived safely. The tape seems to be thinner then other mailing tapes, though, and it did not stick very well to cardboard boxes and was really easy to remove, which might mean that the package, especially if heavy, might burst during mailing.If you're anything like me, you can never find anything you need when you need it-- like scissors for cutting a strip of packing tape to seal a package. I usually use tape dispensers, but I feel wasteful when I don't buy refills and instead just buy a whole new plastic dispenser. Problems are solved with this tear-by-hand tape, which is surprisingly sturdy considering it takes nothing more than your two hands to rip it. It's actually thicker than tapes with dispensers, which I wasn't expecting, and is very easy to tear.The only things that I could find fault with is that the roll is a little small, which makes it easy to lose especially as there is no large dispenser to hold it, and that it's expensive for how little you get. However, for some the convenience of tear-by-hand may be worth the extra cost.Apparently, tear-by-hand Scotch tape has been around for years. I have never seen an advertisement for it (and I watch a lot of television and read a lot of magazines!). I assume this is because 3M considers it to be a niche product.I finally was able to try it out and am very impressed. I found that it ripped easily. However, there is a reason it's not a popular product, and that is likely due to the high price per square inch. If the convenience of not needing scissors readily available is important, this is a terrific purchase.What took them so long?  No more need for the packing guns that get tangled and cut you, these rolls work great.I even tried pushing hard on the tape on the roll to see if was easy to find the pick up point.  It was.Roll the tape across the package, hand tear it and it is sealed.I sure wish it was cheaper.Who does not get the mailing tape all tangled up and rolled on itself, or pick it up only to find it completely sealed upon itself?  Oh, I love Scotch clear mailing tape, but it is really such a royal pain.  I always turn down a corner (just a little, teeny bit) when I finish using it so I can get it started next time.  But my husband can't stand the turned-down corner.  He gets frustrated every time he sees it, and every time he uses the mailing tape, he makes sure it's sealed tightly back onto the roll.  Grr!  And it will not stay on the dispenser, so we've had a mailing tape standoff for years.With the old stuff, if you don't turn down a corner, or if the tape slaps back down before you can turn it down, you're going to spend some time trying to get it started.  You have to find the edge, which you can't see if you're over 40, and peel with your fingernails (or some kind of tool if you're smart enough to think of it ahead of time) to start it.  Then, half the time, once you do get some peeled up, it splits and you wind up with a little hunk of tape in one hand and a roll of completely sealed-on-itself tape in the other.  This cycle repeats until the gods decide to have mercy on you.  Eventually you get the job done, and well.  But it's a hassle.I pulled and teared piece after piece off this tape.  Yes, you do have to find the edge.  But it isn't as hard to pry up.  The tape tears easily, unlike, say, a bag of Fritos!  I tried it with both hands.  This tape is ambidextrous!  It's so easy!  Now, if you have any kind of "-itis," you may need to use scissors still, but I was prepared to do battle and this tape COOPERATED.  I don't see how this tape can be as strong as the old stuff, but I don't have a test lab.  It seems plenty strong, and I don't notice a significant difference in stickiness, either.It's a miracle!  The standoff is over.  Henceforth, we'll buy this instead of the dispenser tape, and life will be a little more peaceful for both of us.  And we won't be cussing at the mailing tape any more.Scotch Tear-by-Hand Tape works just as advertised ... it seals boxes securely, but can be cut without having to resort to a pair of scissors or a tape dispenser.Now the only slight negative is that the Tear-by-Hand Tape carries a price premium over my current favorite,Scotch Super Strength Packaging Tape, and in my case I don't ship so many things that I would justify the added cost of Tear-by-Hand Tape.  But by all means, if you don't feel like dealing with a dispenser or scissors then Tear-by-Hand Tape is a great product.I'm really loving Scotch's Tear-by-hand tape, especially during this holiday season.I have yet to find anything that it doesn't adhere to. Sometimes on the kraft mailers packing tape doesn't want to stick, that is definitely not the case with this stuff.Tearing it by hand is not an issue at all, works exactly as advertised. And surprisingly it is really strong tape, it doesn't just rip super easy or anything.Only issue I have is the width, it's the smaller 1.88" and not 2", thus it does not fit in theST-181 Tape Hand Dispenser. Yes I know it is tear by hand, but a tape dispenser makes packing a million times easier and faster.Overall, great tape for the infrequent mailer that doesn't have many packages to ship and can resort to doing each one by hand.Pros:Sticky!Really good tensile strength, stretches quite a bit before it breaks.Does indeed tear-by-hand.Cons:1.88" wide, prefer 2" or wider tape.I use a decent amount of mailing/packing tape, and half the time I don't have scissors handy, so this tape really comes in handy. Before I got it, I didn't believe it would actually be tearable by hand, but it is! YAY! The only reason it doesn't get five stars is because it is quite expensive.This Scotch Tear-by-Hand Tape is surprisingly strong considering it takes almost no effort to tear strips off the roll by hand.  I usually use the scotch packing tape that comes on a roll with a jagged metal strip for tearing off pieces.  This tape eliminates the need for a jagged metal strip, which is generally a good thing.  It also seems like this tape is stronger than the packing tape I use.  Even just a small 2" strip across the top of a cardboard box is enough to provide a firm seal and after pulling the strip off and sticking it back on several times, it still retained most of it's sticking power!Overall, this is an excellent product from scotch that I will use for day to day tape needs instead of keeping packing tape and scotch magic tape both on hand.I'm writing this around Christmas time so of course its the season to buy and mail gifts to family around the country. If there is one thing I hate it's mailing packages simply because I never am coordinated enough to get all my supplies together. The most frequent item I lose is my scissors and I buy that packing tape with the cutter on the plastic handle but that doesn't work very well. So when I saw this tape was tear by hand I had to give it a try. I was a bit worried that since it did tear by hand it wouldn't be as strong as standard packing tape, but boy was I wrong. It's great to see that instead of selling the same old invention year after year they actually improved on it and made it so that you can tape a box shut, tear the tape off of the roll and get it in the mail without the need of scissors.It's the small improvements in life that bring me joy it seems, but hey this tape is pretty nice and works well!This tape is great to use as you can tear it by hand anywhere you wish. Sticks well and just a joy to use. Thank you,  JeffEven though only one roll of tape shipped, I can say this is typical super tape from the super tape company, 3M.  How do they do it?  I do not know but sorta do not care either.  It's the tape that counts.  For years, long years, I've used Scotch tape but it has always been the type that had to be cut with either a dispenser or other cutting device.  Now, we have a tape that can actually be torn without any difficulty.  Reluctance filled my mind when attempting to tear into the sealed package.  It amazes me to find a plastic covering so strong that a knife is needed to get into the tape.  Alas, I finally opened it and could not believe my eyes.  Pull, tear and tape!  Done is an understatement.  I can see an empty spool soon with all the wrapping left.  The first flock has been put out of sight and fully tapped with ease.  I planned to get 50 full yards according to the promo; however, the one roll came with 17 yards on it.  I hope the 3M folks are not advertising 2 rolls with 50 yards or maybe they just sent the wrong one instead of the right two.  No big thing, however.  I'm a Scotch fan and will use the few feet left and get another roll of something.  Regardless, I highly recommend this tape and will buy more later.Great tape, I love using the Scotch 3M brand for my clear tape for packaging.I never liked the tape guns and always stuck to the scissor and apply method.Decided to give the tear-by-hand a try, and love it.It's so much more convenient, finding the tape edge is much easier (though I use a tape placeholder now), and ripping it after applying is 10x easier and much faster.The tape is still just as strong, although feels a tad bit more stiff (which is why it's now easier to rip).Only downside: width and pricetag.I was very skeptical when I saw this Tear-by-Hand packing tape.  I seriously didn't believe that it would be possible to easily tear this tape with just my hands.  It turns out that this tape is incredibly easy to tear by hand.  I found this tape to be a bit more adhesive than the regular Scotch packing tape that requires a dispenser to cut it.  I suppose that extra adhesive quality is a plus to some, but I like how the run of the mill Scotch packing tape allows me to reposition it if I don't have things lined up perfectly the first time.  I think the biggest drawback to this tape is you need to fight with it to peel the tape off the roll since there isn't a dispenser to keep the end of the tape off the roll.I'm the packer of the family.  Not the Green Bay kind, but the "Have Tape Gun, Will Seal" kind. While conventional packing tape is super strong and I can seal small packages or large storage boxes quickly and economically with a gun, I was curious about this tear-by-hand product as even I have gotten some nasty cuts from the serrated cutting edge of a tape dispenser when I wan't paying attention.I received a small sample roll to review as part of the Amazon Vine program.  I compared its adhesiveness and strength to conventional packing tape.  Adhesion was comparable.  But strength is iffy depending on the package.  Because the tape tears so perfectly across its width (due to some molecular magic at 3M), if your package has any give to it, and is given a sharp punch/push where the cardboard flaps come together - for example the UPS person dropping another box on top of yours - the an across-the flap piece of tape just tears right open.  Does not happen with conventional tape.  Since this tear-by-hand tape is longitudinally strong, tape placed lengthwise along the seam should be fine.For medium duty work, I think this tape is OK (although expensive), and is great for around kids, since you don't have to worry about them getting cut on anything.This tape is pretty impressive for the following reasons:- No dispenser is needed- It tears straight by hand- It is pretty easy to remove if needed yet has adequate sticking powerSince tearing the tape by hand requires slight dexterity and strength in the fingers, those with arthritis or the elderly with limited hand strength might find it difficult to tear.  Otherwise, this is a great product that eliminates the waste of a dispenser.I found that this tape performed as described; it is easy to tear by hand and seals packages. I don't think it is as sticky/strong as the usual type of tape, but it is adequate for most purposes. I noticed it is much more economical to buy the four-pack, so if you use a lot of tape, that would be a safe bet.We do ALOT of shipping.  Anything to make this process easier for us, I'll be willing to try.  When I seen this tape, I have to admit I questionsed it's strength.  Any tape that you can rip with your hand, I mean really; is it going to keep my packages safe and closed?This is the best tape. I use it on boxes for shipping. I like the fact that you don't have to use scissors and that it's not hard to start like other tapes where you have to pick at them to pry them loose from the roll. Makes wrapping packages a snap because you don't need to tug at non-tear tape. Use small pieces to get started and pin packaging. It does not damage or leave residue on surfaces when removed. After you tear off the amount you are using, the tape automatically sticks to the rest of the roll. It goes back to the roll untangled. To find the beginning on a used roll is easy, and starting to pull off another piece is so simple. There is none of that ripping in the middle of the tape that infuriates me. You simply find the new end, pull it, and start using it again.I use it mainly for packaging and have never had a problem with it tearing or sticking. It would be nice if it came in larger rolls or multi packs for better value.  This taple is well built, Sticky, removable and versatileLOVE IT!I received a 17.4 yard roll to review for the vine program which is very small so I cannot really say how handling the larger roll works in regards to ease of use. The small roll is easy to use. I had and item from Christmas to return and used this tape. It held my label on and the package closed well. I have no fears it will come lose traveling some 1,000 miles. It is easy to tear but it is a two handed process. When I pack a large box I usually and trying to keep the box closed and tight so a dispenser is needed.I can see this being the best tape if a child is using it as those dispensers have very sharp edges that easily can cut the hand. I like that you can get it started easy when it is stuck to it's self. Some clear packing tapes pull off in ribbons and you can never get them going full size.Perhaps the large size you could put on one wrist and have the hand free I don't know as I said my review is of a 17.4 yard sample roll.This tape is easy to use and sticks well. It tears by hand easily and doesn't tend to easily fold over on itself like a lot of packaging tape. It is sturdy enough to hold boxes made of heavy cardboard closed and I used it to tape boxes of storage for my classroom. Very handy to keep around and I like the fact I don't need a big bulky dispensor.This is exactly what it purports to be -- an excellent packing tape (always had great results with Scotch brand tape and adhesives) which can tear by hand rather than needing scissors, teeth, or a dispenser.  However, it can be cumbersome if you are a frequently packaging.  Since there is no dispenser, then when you use a roll, you let the tape stick back on itself -- necessitating that you find the edge and peel it back every single time you go to use it a fresh time.  Not such a bad payoff if you're the occasional user and want to throw a roll in your desk drawer without a huge dispenser taking up room.  But if you frequently package boxes for delivery, you'd be better off with the right tool for the job and that would involve a packaging tape dispenser and regular ol' packing tape will do in that case.3M is a leader for a reasonquality product that works wellthis tape does indeed tear easilyalmost too easily as i have kids who constantly are using my packing tapeto hang their art all over the house or to create art projects with lolso have to be sure to hide this kind from them or they would be in craft heavenI have used it to ship with and the package made it to the destination just finewith no issues at all and this time of year seems to be harder on packages then other times of the yearat least has been my experience in past years when shipping Christmas presents all overalso used it to seal boxes as we pack for movingperfect since i do not need anyone to help me anymoremy work is going so much faster using this tapeit does what it claims - easy to tear by handand it is tape that seals and stays sealed what more can i saygreat product!!Packing tape usually comes with a dispenser with sharp edges to help cleanly cut the piece of tape.  This product cleanly tears without much effort or the need for sharp tools that might not be safe to have around children.This wide Scotch tape tears cleanly without much effort but it's strong enough to survive shipping through the mail or UPS.  We used it to pack up some holiday presents this year and welcomed the ease of use!  I don't see a need to buy tape with a dispenser any longer, this is our new preferred shipping method.Since there is no dispenser to this roll of tape due to it's ability to be torn by hand, this means each time you pick it up to tear a piece off, you have to pull/peal (start) it off the roll by hand. In my experience, this always leaves a tiny corner of the tape which doesn't stick to the package - which makes the tape fairly easy to remove.I have to say, I really love this tape! I get so tired of the normal tape dispensers that keep losing the end of the tape, this stuff just WORKS and it's easy to lift up the end of the tape, pull it out, and rip off what you need. Nothing to cut myself on either. I'm not sure I'd use it for long-term packing and storage, but for shipping it seems to be just fine. My only real complaint is the price, for the yardage it's really pretty expensive, enough that I have to question whether it's really worth the premium cost. At a cheaper price, it'd be a no-brainer.This tape certainly fits its description -- you don't need any tools but your hands to tear it. It is an excellent quality shipping tape for the home shipper -- but ouch, the price. A pack with a 100 yards will easily cost you more than tape you can't tear with your hands. No doubt it's convenient, but if you're shipping more than one box a month, you'll quickly need to buy more of this stuff. The thickness rivals other quality Scotch shipping tape products (which I have regularly used with a dispenser; a package from my local warehouse club.) The adhesive is great, but not excellent, as I'm noticing some curling on boxes when applied (you just need to push it down a bit more when applying.)In other words, I give it a qualified good review. You just need to realize this is NOT cheap tape and that it's only for the occasional shipper.Tear by hand packing tape is a great idea and can certainly come in handy.  Scotch's Tear-by-Hand Tape is fairly easy to use.  You just pull down against the tape and it easily starts to tear and does so in mostly a straight line, so the product certainly works as advertised.  I consider the thickness of the tape to be between the economy mailing tapes and some of the better Scotch mailing tapes, so it's not too thin.  But to be tear by hand, it has to be a little thinner than some of Scotch's other mailing tapes.  This would be a great tool for smaller mailing jobs.Overall, the idea is a good one and it might be handy to have sitting in a drawer when needed.  Generally speaking, I go through enough packing/mailing tape to use one of the dispensers and keep it stocked with the larger rolls.  This item would certainly be recommended for those that go through less mailing tape or do not need it for large jobs.  Also, without a dispenser you might often lose the end of the tape.  Of course, this is a small problem and you can simply fold a small piece over so that you can easily find the end next time.The tape itself is fine, good for sealing boxes or packages, and it's nice that you can tear it easily by hand, so that you don't need scissors to cut it, but I think it does need a dispenser or something, because the tape is clear, so it is easy to lose the end, which you will need the end for the next time you need to use the tape.I ended up putting a flag at the end of the tape, so that I wouldn't lose the end.I also would have preferred one larger roll, instead of two smaller rolls.  Just a personal preference.Scotch is pretty much the best in the office supplies. And this tape is no different. It comes in the roll dispenser and is really easy to tear by hand.Heavy duty...Not so much...Good for medium duty I would say..I stand by Duck tape for Heavy duty sticking. All in all Good value for money. 50 yards will last me a long time.I don't waste tape because I got it stuck together trying to tear it. My daughter tried it and liked it and used it for wrapping presents.  I wouldn't use it for that except in an emergency. Because of cost.My view of packing tape is that it is one of those annoying things in life that you just have to deal with.Out of all of them Scotch is probably the best but still I become annoyed wishing for better.This tear by hand tape makes a great leap in that direction!It actually tears remarkably easy but yet does not seem to impact the quality of the product and the overall function.I don't have to have a second person help me seal a packageor try and keep the roll of tape in place while I reach for a scissorsor yet again use my teeth when I realize that I forgot to get the scissors....or try to hassle with the dispenser the tape comes with (which enviably ends up loosing the end of the tape)this tears quite easily yet adheres well  --it has the typical look and feel of Scotch clear packing tape but is remarkably easy to usethe one problem still is that if the end fully adheres to the roll of tape it is hard to start lift the end offMy company ships out a lot of items and I have been using a tape gun for many years. I was a bit skeptical trying out the new Scotch Tear-by-Hand Tape since nothing has ever been able to retire my tape gun. However, this time, we have a winner! The Scotch Tear-by-Tape was easy to use, sturdy for shipping, and easy to tear. My only complaint is I wish they would make bigger roles :)Absolutely top-notch tape -- nice and thick, adheres well, and is easy to tear by hand (I'd tried a tear-by-hand tape about 5 years ago when I first noticed the product, but that tape was a lot harder to tear -- I think they have improved it a great deal.)  Sometimes it doesn't tear on the first try, but I'd say about 80%-90% of the time it does. Mind you, it's not going to be as easy (obviously) as masking tape it to tear, but it's easier than most duct tapes.One disappointing thing?  The roll really is a LOT thinner than the picture seems to show.  Note that 50 yards is not much -- this is less than normal (non tear-by-hand) tape that is usually given on a roll.  I was shocked when I got it that it looks to have about 1/3 to 1/2 less tape on the roll than the picture shows.  So not a good value if you're going to need to use a LOT of packing tape, but very convenient if you only need a bit of packing tape now and then.Packing tape dispensers make it pretty simple to secure boxes for mailing or moving, but I often find myself wanting to just grab the tough tape and tear it.  This leads to going caveman on it and tearing it with my teeth.  After finding all of my teeth stuck to a particularly robust piece of tape and spending hours placing them back in my mouth, I gave this product a try.  It was hard to imagine that tape could be both strong and torn by hand, but all became clear after using it.  Tearing across the tape is really very easy.  It creates a surprisingly clean tear as well, so your packages won't look like you've been having a fight with them.  Tearing vertically, though (for example, to make long thin slivers of tape), is not simple at all.  That is how it works!  The structure of the tape seems to be aligned in horizontal stripes, which means that the tape is still strong in the primary direction it needs to be, but is easily torn in the direction it needs to be as well.  Great idea, and I will keep using this product if it is not too much more expensive than normal tape.Obviously, packing tape is best used with a dispenser or tape gun.  But if you don't have one, it can be very cumbersome to manage the tape roll, the box flaps and the scissors all at once.  This product eliminates the need for having a third hand in that you can easily just rip the tape off the roll without needing a scissors to cut it.  The tear-by-hand feature does not seem to detract much from the strength of the tape for general duty use. Frankly my dentist will be happy that there's one less thing for me to misuse my teeth on...I got interested into this packaging tape as it seems to eliminate the need for a serrated tape cutter.  It is quite easy to cut by hands, it just need a little tug of your fingers.  I was surprised, that it also cuts smooth, even and very clean as regular tapes split or cut in a haphazard way.So, the verdict is that it is very convenient tape to use.  No need for a pair of scissors, nor a serrated tape accessory which I have suffered a cut before.If there is a con, the tape is less strong than regular tapes.  I taped an envelope and a box, and then I tried to rip both the envelope and the box to see how they held up.  Both instances, the tapes ripped easily compared to regular tapes.I love this tape; I even used it to a  lot of gift wrapping this last Christmas.  I may only be a little wary to use it if security and safety is very an important concern.Seriously, how do you review tape?IThis is the best packaging tape ever.  I use the tape for minor product shipping and even Christmas present wrapping.  The tape easily tears by hand and is somewhat forgiving when placing on a package (not wrapping paper though).  The tape adheres very well though it seems as if it won't at times.  The tape is simply the best.No scissors! Relatively easy to find the start of the tape each time you use it. Sticks almost as well as the other kind of tape* that leaves you frustrated for various reasons (cutting it with scissors, finding the start on the roll). I've used it to ship things all over the country and never had a problem. If you need packing tape, get this!*it's slightly less sticky than other traditional tapes but I haven't had a problem.I admit, I was skeptical about this tape, I thought it was just a gimmick, because I doubted that this tape would be strong. We pack a good amount of boxes for a small family with distant relatives, and I get picky about the tape we use in our gun. The idea that I could hand-rip packing tape as if it was duct tape was intriguing because it would be useful for small packages. I'm happy to report that this stuff does work as described! In fact, it's easier to rip than duct tape (note: please don't use duct tape to pack boxes for shipping, it doesn't adhere to cardboard well, I just mentioned it as a comparison). But what I was suprised to see was that this tape is strong like heavy-duty packing tape. I got the sample from Vine, but I really will be buying this stuff. Good job, Scotch!Unbelievable, but true. This shipping tape is just like any other with the exception of the ability to tear it by hand.  It tears easily like a piece of paper, and the dispensing system works well.Generally, the strength and thickness of Scotch brand tapes are useful for packaging heavy boxes and goods for mailing. This all purpose sealing system is definitely worth trying.I travel a lot for both business and pleasure. My overseas travels take me primarily to places that one would think would have packing tape readily available - Europe, Taiwan, Korea, Japan, etc. However, you'd be surprised at how hard it is to actually find packing supplies when you need them and there is no Office Depot in sight. For trotting the globe with an ability to tape up boxes in a world where one cannot carry sharp objects on planes any more, this tearable packing tape fits the bill. No, it's not as strong as the standard packing tape in the large rolls, but you can easily tear off what you need, when you need it. In addition to being "strong enough", it is also small enough to fit in my carry-on baggage. In fact, it seems like it would fit inside the cardboard core of normal packing tape.This is a case where although the performance and cost are inferior to "normal" packing tape, it perfectly fits my travel needs and is the only tape I carry on trips. So, five stars it is - the only good travel packing tape I've seen.I recently bought a small roll of this tape and I found it to be great, it is so much easier to package items.Wow, I must say I was impressed with this packing tape...I was a bit skeptical at first, that packing tape that could actually be torn by hand, would be easy to use AND effective.  If it tears easily, how will it be good packing tape to seal a box, or if it's effective as packing tape, how can it be easily torn??  Well, Scotch Tape found the answer: this packing tape is BOTH easy to tear (by hand) AND is good packing tape!  This tape is perfect for in the car, on-the-go mailing, or especially when packing to move - this is great stuff, I would highly recommend!This tape does indeed let you tear by hand. It's not always the perfect tear, and sometimes it can be a bit difficult, but it does work. You may still want scissors or a cutting dispenser around when using it, though.There's not too much more to say. It's tape; It's sticky and stays on well, and works like it's supposed to. It's great for shipping packages, and it's handy to have when you don't have access to a dispenser or scissors.Gone are the days of trying to hold the tape with one hand and cut with the other or find the flimsy little teeth on the roll. This tape is just as good as normal Scotch tape, and it tears by hand.What more could you ask?As I've had this tape longer I've upped the star rating and have made some edits toward the positive!I do a lot of packaging & shipping of various sized boxes and for time's sake, applying the tape directly from the roll to the box is most efficient. When I have applied "enough" I grab the scissors and cut.Sometimes I lose the scissors, sometimes I misplace them, sometimes I use a lock back utility knife. I was thinking this product may solve all of my issues. I still use the old tape dispenser sometimes but this is invaluable in the "quick tape job and ship it!!!" scenario.The tape does what it advertises-- it rips in nice clean tears and does not require scissors. It does, however, require a decent grip on the tape with two hands, so applying it to a box and just "tearing" with a quick flick of the wrist which works with some other regular tapes does not work any better with this tape. It really does require a solid grab on each side to rip it. Update: After using it more, there is a bit of a learning curve and I've mastered it.  I no longer find tearing difficult.It does adhere well and is of good thickness and is overall a good tape.  You can use it with scissors, so overall, it's not a bad tape. I can't say that the price justifies the extra functionality, but for some people it really may!~Most of my packing tape needs are crafty, not shipping. My husband does a lot of shipping.We look for tapes that are very clear, tear cleanly, are strong enough for shipping or for doing packing tape images.This tape is just great, it tears very easily. It's clear enough that it looks more bluish than yellow on the roll. It doesn't tear when it's on packages and stuck down, just when you are tearing it. It works well for sealing paper images to plastic which is a frequent use in my household for packing tape. It also works as a good, strong, easy to use packing tape. It's also made in the U.S.A. which is a plus.Update, June 2011:  Would lower the stars if I could.  I have discovered that this tape simply will not adhere well to a surface that is not firm and flat (such as cardboard).  It popped right off padded envelopes.  Not good.  I'm sticking to the packaging tape that I buy at Costco.---I received a sample 16-yard roll of this product for evaluation via the Amazon Vine program. I was very interested in checking out this tape as I send packages overseas quite frequently.Yes, this does seem to be good tape, albeit a bit on the thin side.  Yes, you can tear it by hand. (It splits easily from side to side.)  Yes, it is convenient.BUT... and this is a big but, does the convenience of being able to tear the tape by hand justify the outrageous price - double that of other tear-by-hand tapes?On 12/23/2010, the price for theScotch Tear-by-Hand Tape, 1.88 Inches x 50 Yards, 2-Pack (3842-2)(50-yard rolls) of this tape was $14.73 ($7.36 per roll, 14 cents per yard).  TheScotch Tear-by-Hand Tape, 1.88 Inches x 50 Yards, 4-Pack (3842-4)was $20.23 ($5.05 per roll, 10 cents per yard).Compare that toLePage's USPS Tear By Hand Tape, 2 x 800 Inches (83726)for $3.19 ($1.59 per roll, 7 cents per yard) (available from Amazon).Double the price for the two-pack seems a bit much....I love this tape. This is probably the best one I have ever came across and I can't believe it took this long to come up with something like this. It has always been a pain for me to mail out anything because it requires cutting the tape with scissors, getting the scissors stuck on the tape, cutting myself with the cutter, etc. This is clumsy-proof tape. You just get the length you want and simply tear it. It tears really well and actually tears in a really straight line.The tape itself is still just as good as any other mailing tape. It sticks well to the package and does not come off easily. This is definitely something I will keep getting. Goodbye to old mailing tape.The Scotch Tear-by-Hand is soooooooo easy to use!  We don't like using the gun to dispense the tape!  We could control where to put the tape on our package much easier.  When we buy this tape again we'll make sure it is the tear by hand and not the one that goes in the gun.This came in perfect for packing gifts to mail to relatives.  It tore by hand easily and appears to be just as strong as the original, cutter-required type tape.  It sure was nice to not have to mess with scissors the entire time.  It made packing quicker in my opinion.Ease of use sets this tape apart from other clear packing tapes.  No reaching for scissors or using a dispenser.  It tears easily and evenly.  I do notice this tape feels a bit more "brittle" than regular clear packing tape.  It must be this brittle quality that allows one to easily tear the tape.  Even though it tears off the role easily, I haven't had any problems with it tearing unexpectedly when applied to a package.  Good stuff.This tape is GREAT! My wife and I do a ton of shipping due to our ministry and this tape works perfect for our needs. It really does tear by hand, and it does it effortlessly. I thought it would have lines in it or a jagged edge but it doesn't. Looks just like regular clear packing tape. Scotch tape has always been my favorite but on a couple of occasions I've picked up a no-name brand tape so I could save a little money but I end up taking years off my life from the aggravation it causes. My pet-peeve with tape is trying to find the starting spot each time I use it. Cheap tape is much thinner and therefore it's almost impossible to find the beginning. Not so with this Scotch tape. As one reviewer said they have "become a tear-by-hand tape evangelist". I won't go that far but it really is good tape. And it adheres to boxes very well. Strong stuff.Amusingly, before I started taping up a bubble envelope with this tear-by-hand tape, I went and got a pair of scissors.  I also had to repeatedly stop myself from reaching for the scissors, as I taped on a mailing label.  You need no scissors. And fortunately there were no smudgy fingerprints on the tape either, when the taping job was done.  It tears evenly, too.  It's very nice tape, like most Scotch packing tape.  But I'll probably just stick with Scotch tape that needs scissors.  It just seems easier to me to use scissors than to use one's hands.This is called Tear-by-Hand Tape, but it took me a while to figure out how to actually tear it.  I don't have much strength, but it should be easier to tear across than it is.  For me, I would prefer the tape that has a place to tear it off or just use scissors.Other than that, it's a sturdy strong tape that works well for those packages that I need to return to Amazon and other shopping sites.The tape works as advertised, although it might take some people a bit of practice to begin tearing the tape on their first try.  Not knowing how much pressure/strength to use it took me two or three attempts the first few times I used the tape, but after that, it was quite simple and proved highly efficient.  The reason I'm giving the tape four stars is mainly because I think the tape itself isn't the best in terms of quality.  It isn't bad quality, simply not great.  The best tape I've used thus far is Scotch Super Strength Packaging Tape, which goes for a little less than $6 at the moment (although it is only 38 yards to this tape's 50; then again, during packaging you'll probably use less of it compared to this product).This tape is wonderful.  It is strong, yet easily torn by hand.  It will tear in only one direction, perpendicular to its length, as one would expect.  So, no need for scissors or a sharp-edged dispenser when you want to tear off a length for sealing a package or large envelope for mailing.  Yet, it is strong - I tried to break it by stretching it lengthwise as well as along its width as hard as I could & it would not break.  I also tried to tear it lengthwise, and it would not tear in that direction.  So, despite its ease of tearing across its length when pulling some off of the roll, it will "do its job" keeping your package or large envelope sealed while in transit.  Finally, it is easy to "find" the end when stuck to itself on the roll & pull it up with a fingernail.  The folks at 3M have done it again!  Highly recommended...If you work with tape a lot, then the convenience of being able to tear it by hand might trump all other factors. But as I only send a package occasionally, I still prefer tape that comes from a dispenser. Why? When you tear a piece, corners tend to stick up. This is hard to describe, but trust me, it's an annoyance, and it means that you might need more tape in order to secure something. Another disadvantage of going dispenser-free: Finding the edge with your fingernail. We've all been there.I'd only recommend this tape in environments where kids are running around, since it makes sharp dispensers and scissors unnecessary.I havent had any issues tearing this tape by hand. I ship a lot of packages and I find this feature to be incredibly helpful. If you use a lot of packing tape, a tape gun would probably still be easier (makes finding the end of the tape easier) but if you don't ship every day, this tape a great alternative.Just used this roll of tape to package up all my holiday gifts.  I love it!  It tears easily, it does not develop a static charge and curl back to stick on itself, you can always find and peel up the end and it does not make my fingers hurt after using up the whole roll.  With my regular packing tape the pads of my fingers are sore after wrapping, as it feels like every time it sticks to my fingers it removes a layer of skin.I love this stuff and will be buying it in the future for smaller jobs or for when my kids are using tape.  Because of the cost I will stick with regular packing tape for larger jobs.Works.  Sticks fine, and tears easily.I like this product.  The adhesive is strong enough for most uses, and the tear function works pretty well.  It really came in handy at Christmas when there were some packages which needed tending to, but you only had one set of hands to deal with them.On thing: the roll doesn't seem to be particularly long.  The roll packaging says 50 yards, though, and I haven't run out of it yet, so maybe it's just my impression which is wrong.  Also, at 1.88 inches wide, it really is more like packaging tape than general everyday use tape, so just be aware of that when you buy it.On the whole, I think this is a good product, and I would recommend it.The Scotch Tear-by-Hand tape isn't always so easy to tear by hand. You sometimes hit a spot in the tape that just doesn't want to rip, but if you move over one way or another just a little bit, it will tear. Haven't quite figured that one out yet. Other wise the tape works great. It sticks well and it is handy to just be able to grab a small roll of tape without it having to be in a dispenser or having to grab a pair of scissors to cut the tape. I do a lot of mailing of packages and found that this tape has come in handy to tape the pre-printed address labels onto the box. Overall, I do like it and will more than likely get more just because it is so handy.These badges have two innovative benefits: (1) they are a flexible rubbery/plastic material rather than paper, which makes them less likely to fall off clothes; (2) they have a really clever design which lets you more easily separate the badges (for handing out or leaving at a registration desk) without removing them from their peel-off paper backing.However, the material does not appear to be recyclable, so it will make a poor impression on your more eco-conscious guests, even though in reality it's probably just 1 gram of plastic.Full disclosure: I was given the product for free in exchange for agreeing to review it.When I opened up these name tag labels, I wondered how they could be any different than name tags I've seen and worn before.  But, they are!  When I peeled one off the paper, it felt like it was a piece of cloth rather than a paper label.  I put it on my shirt and it felt like I didn't have a nametag on.  My shirt flexed and was perfectly comfortable.  I think many people have chosen to use name badges at conferences rather than labels.  But, I would much prefer one of these labels to a name badge at a conference.  It would be much more comfortable to wear.  It also came off my shirt easily.  If you're looking for name tags--these really are a great choice!Love the dual distribution feature--peel away for immediate placement, or peel from behind so each can be placed later.  These work great.  I used them as name tags for my students.  THAT is a true test--durability with kids!Usually, name tags do not last more than an hour with most of the children but these held up. They remove easily, yet stick securely.  I recommend this product.  If they can work that well with children, they will be wonderful for adults!I use these to print my logo on. They are smooth and a nice size so these work for what I need. No issues with printing.I used the Avery White Adhesive Name Badges for our last meeting. The names were printed on an Ink Jet printer and the printing worked well. I tried both the WORD and Print Shop 23 software for printing and they both worked equally well.The outside of the package indicates these labels can be printed on either an ink jet printer or laser. The quality of the paper is excellant. The labels  can be removed form the backing very easily. I took precautions  on the kind of garments the label should not be adhered to. These are listed on the reverse side of the packageing. This is another quality Avery product.I don't think I have found an Avery product I don't like. These 2.33 x 3.375 White name badges are perfect. Not only can I print on them with my inkjet computer with ease, but they peal off so easily. They also separate if you want them to be laid out for a function so people can pick theirs up. I have to admit I use them for address labels on large packages I ship and they work great for that as well. Great product for a very reasonable price. You can find cheaper brands but the quality just isn't there.I will admit that when it comes to name badges and virtually any kind of label, I'm fairly easy to satisfy.  I use these type of labels mainly for labeling baked goods that I either send off as part of care packages or have out at bake sales, so I don't have to worry about the labels falling off or some of the other problems that occur when you are truly using them as name badges.That said, I think these are good quality.  I chose to write on them using craft markers and found it to be a nice surface.  They tried quickly and I didn't have any problems with smudging or bleeding.The most novel thing about these labels as I see it is the Peel-Away Design.  This means you can flip the sheet over and remove the badge with backing attached.  Obivously for my purposes this isn't incredibly useful, but I would be great if I were using them for a big meeting or event since I could see myself taking advantage of this to organize them better on a table so everyone wouldn't be reaching for the same 5 sheets.Overall, good quality and some interesting new feature updates.I have to admit I'm really surprised these labels didn't jam in my printer. They're die-cut so that they can be individually punched out of the sheet with the backing intact. As a result, there are rather large cuts in the sheets, which I anticipated would get caught up in the printer. No such troubles! I printed a dozen sheets in my cheapie laser printer without any problems.The prints were clean and sharp and didn't crack under normal bending that name tags require.The templates worked perfectly and the labels look great. The backing removes easily and the tags adhere well.These are neat name tags.  You print an entire page (easy formatting) and can either leave the tags all on the page, or lift them out of the page, keeping the backing on each individual name tag.  A great innovation!  Plus, the tags are a flexible paper that moves with your clothing, so they don't buckle and fall off like some others have a tendency to do.I conduct a lot of workshops, and I get frustrated with stick-on name tags that peel and curl around the edges, even after a few hours. This frustration is also shared by my clients. After all, when wearing a business suit, a peeling, curling name badge doesn't exactly scream "professional."Still, there are many times when a stick-on name badge is the best way to go. So, hearing that these labels had a better adhesive, I decided a test was in order.  I printed up name badges for the whole family and we wore them for an entire day -- even the two-year old.  The result was impressive. Even with all the kids' rough & tumble play, spilled milk, and fidgeting with the name badge itself, the name badges stayed put.  No peeling or curling at the corners, even with a variety of fabrics.  I even put one on the inside of my elbow, where it was sure to get a lot of abuse by me flexing my arm throughout the day. There was one corner that didn't stay stuck because essentially the movement of the fabric was too much, but even then, that corner didn't curl, and the remaining edges all held fast.I also tested these in both my ink jet AND laser printers, as well as writing on them with a sharpie. Everything looked good (no smearing at all).Suffice it to say that I'll be choosing these name badges from now on.  And the fact that you can separate and sort the name tags individually and have the backing still on them is a huge plus. Now, instead of going through various sheets and looking for people's names, the labels can be separated and put in alphabetical order -- something that will make the workshop check-in process smoother and more professional.A nice, high-quality adhesive.A super-convenient 'separate and sort' feature.Five stars.Easy way to print up name badges for your next meeting or get together.  They are large enough to print the names big enough for people to see them.  They look very professional.  No more handwritten name badges. Avery labels are easily printed in Word.  I highly recommend these name badge labels.My ski club like to name name tags available so new members can meet people and these works great with all types of fabric.I needed some "Hello" labels for a non-profit function and chose these. I was really impressed with them. I used a laser printer with them and incorporated a logo as well as a name. The formatting was easy and they printed as they were formatted. The ink was clear and crisp with no bleeding. I found they were easy to remove from their backing and once removed and put on clothing--they stuck. There were no problems with the "stickiness" leaving residue on the clothing. What more could you want? Easy to use, professional looking, and sticks to the clothing!Used these for an engagement party! I stamped them with peacock feathers. They were a BIG hit!!These name badges are a real improvement over the previous series.  Our application is for baptisms.  The name tages can be seperated from the sheet without taking off the back glue protector.  The vinyle flexibility works well on any clothing & can be removed without a sticky residue.  Thanks for the upgrade of the stick-on name tag.In Him, Dr. CarlHow much can really be said about them.  Avery makes great labeling products.  They even supply templates on their website for free.  They print out perfectly on the sheet of badges every time.  These specific name tags have just the right amount of stickiness to stay on, but can also be used a few times while still maintaining the stick.I attend a meeting every month where we sit in a circle. Invariably, most people write their name on their name tag in too-small,or too-thin print.  It's impossible for most people to see from 10-feet away. So, what's the point? As the leader of the meeting, I could offer to write the names myself but there's never time. And anyway, my handwriting is not the best!Because many of the meeting attendees are regulars, I can print these out ahead of time in a big, bold font, with the name of our group in small print.  Attendees enjoy having their names pre-printed, and I think the customized label promotes more feeling of belonging and being welcomed.Along with another reviewer, I appreciate that each badge can be separated without removing the backing paper.Prints fine, and black ink on bright white provides easy-reading contrast.Great product.Plain all-white labels easily peel off the main sheet of 8 labels each and onto wherever you want "labeled".If you use them for name badges, you can remove the badge/label with the backing attached by turning the sheet over (easy!) so you can organize/lay out individual name badges/labels.WARNING: Each sheet recommends not to apply to leather, suede, velvet, corduroy, silk, vinyl, or plastic.So, keep this in mind if you're using for name tags.  Not every participant will be wearing cotton. (I did try them on paper (they'll remove some of the paper), on fleece (they'll remove some fleece fuzz) and on vinyl (the label lifted right off).They are sturdy and I appreciate they are not pre-printed so that I can type, print or design.Anyone can easily make name badges using this. I actually used the product to make personalized gift tags! I used a mac computer and had no issues with the product and my computer or printer. The tags are easy to remove from the backing, stick well, and leave no residue behind on clothing.The ability to peel these off and hand them out is very professional. I like how these upgrade our events with very little input of effort.Great for name tags or for labels in a pinch. No complaints! And Avery's downloadable templates make things easy to customize.I have found all Avery labels to be typically easy to load and use, and these were no exception to that rule.  What I found to be a particularly nice feature is the fact that you can peel the finished labels off the 8x11 sheet to stick to clothing, or you can peel an individual label WITH its backing to clip onto a brochure or package, and the recipient can peel off the backing to stick on his clothing later.  Well conceived!If you're looking for nametags for your meeting or conference, these are the ones to buy. Unlike most name tags that tend to curl away from clothing, these are flexible and bend with clothing. They also seem to have a better adhesive than most nametags, but don't leave a residue behind on clothing. These labels can be separated with the backing left in tact for later adhesion, so they can be sorted alphabetically if needed. They are also the perfect size to use for larger address labels on large manilla envelopes. If you are into Artist Trading Cards, these are the perfect size to stick on the back with your personal information. Everything I wanted changed about labels, they got right with this one.great Avery product good for tags address and things of that nature sticks really wellThese Avery name badge labels are a real step above the "Hello, my name is..." labels we're all very familiar with.  They're very durable and flexible, so they don't fall off of clothing, and the down-loadable Avery templates allow you to print classy, personalized, easy-to-read name tags.  You can also peel them off of the backing sticky side exposed for immediate application or with backing still attached for, say, arraying them on a sign-in table.  All in all, a very good product.There are, however, two potential downsides:First, they are quite a bit more expensive than the ordinary name tags.  Whether they're enough better to justify the cost is a matter of personal judgement.Second, the package warns that they should not be applied to vinyl, plastic, leather, suede, velvet, corduroy, silk or other delicate fabrics.  What happens if you do?  I don't know, but I also don't want to find out by trying it.  This is something to think about.Bottom line:  These are great labels, but costly and potentially hazardous to certain fabrics.I never thought I'd say that a name badge would be really cool, but this product is!  I occasionally have to make name badges for a group that I lead at my church. I usually use the kind that are printed and then slipped into a clear plastic sleeve, then pinned to the user's shirt.  Those are fine for multi-use badges, but if you're looking for a disposable one, this one is the way to go!As it's an Avery product, I was easily able to pull up the template in my Word software.  I typed in the names of my group members into each sector on the page, adjusted their font type, size and centering.  I fed the sheet of labels into my printer as was directed by the words "Feed this end" and hit "Print".  Out they came!Now here's the cool thing-- you can easily peel off each name badge and separate them without removing the badges themselves from their backing.  So when I go to class with my name badges, I won't be schlepping a sheet, but I'll have my 8 badges already separated in a little stack, easily kept in a small envelope or similar container.The adhesive on the badges is also of high quality.  It's not so sticky as to damage clothing or leave a residue, but it stays put well enough that the edges don't curl up (which is really annoying!).Whoever at Avery thought this up is brilliant! I love these separating badges. They're easy to print, are of high quality, and are so convenient.  Well done!Like all of the Avery products that I have used for my business, I am very satisfied with these removable name tags.  The paper is good quality and holds ink jet printer ink well (no smearing or rub off).  The stickiness of the name tags is strong enough to hold them securely to a shirt all day long.  I have tested these name tags for a 2-day weekend period (removing the name tag at the end of the 1st day) and they hold up great.  I recommend these name tags and am confident in all Avery products.I love Avery products. The quality is ways great and the uses are handy. If you have a choice between an Avery product and a competing company.....  go with the Avery because you will not be disappointed.These labels are the best I have found. The label numbers from Avery are in Office 2010 and they print like a charm. Will be using these labels for a family reunion. 160 to a pack, which is perfect. They stick well to clothing and do not curl during wear. Great labels!The ubiquitous name badge is a staple of meetings and other gatherings. The Avery 8395 is well suited for this role. It ran reliably through both my laser and inkjet printers, and is also easy to mark by hand for last-minute additions. No problems with looking the worse for wear after a couple of hours, and it did not leave a residue on my attendee's apparel. Recommended.I ordered these name badges because I thought they might be suitable for more then one kind of project.Yes, you can use them as name badges, and it's nice that you can peel them off the sheet by either the front, for more of an individual use, or from the back, like punching them out, if you need to do more then one badge at a time.The writing surface on these is large enough for more then a name, since the labels themselves are plain white.  So you could embellish them with markers or whatever, if you choose too.You do have the option to label them by hand, or by laser or inkjet printer.These labels are flexible, they feel somewhat like paper, light, but they seem more substantial then that.  They do seem like they would stick well, not fall off, but at the same time they are easily removeable, if say you are using them on clothing, as name badges.These name badges are not suitable for all clothing.  They do take off a little bit of material when you peel them off, but they didn't damage the shirt I put them on, it was more like fuzz on the back of the name badge.  I guess comparable to other name badges.  I haven't worn that many name badges in my lifetime to really compare.I wanted these in part for labeling sheet protectors, where I label the front of the sheet protector, usually by year, but there is room on the label if I want to add more information.There are 160 name badges, so more then enough for more then one use, for many projects.It would have been nice had they had some decorative border, to give them some personality, instead of just plain white, but then the way they are, you are only limited by your own imagination.Another reliable, multi purpose product from Avery.We were very satisfied with the Avery Adhesive Name Badges.  They have just the right amount of "stick-to-it-ness".  It is often an issue with adhesive name badges as to whether they will be too sticky or not sticky enough.  Just like other Avery products, they do a good job of providing you with ease of use... good directions and access to templates.  With 160 per package, I do not have to repurchase as often either.I really appreciated that I could write out names on the labels and easily separate them without peeling them off.  That way, I was able to easily pass out the labels to students and have helpers place them on the students.  We didn't need to keep going back to one sheet and I didn't have to cut them and get my scissors sticky.The nametags stuck on nicely.  I might just laminate them for next time though.  I have used these to create bus tags and other types as well for my students and the color shows up crisply.The Avery 8395 labels -- generically called name badges -- are outstanding in both features and price.  Following are four pluses and two minuses.+ + + STICKYAt the Kansas City, Missouri, affiliate of Habitat for Humanity, where I've been volunteering on construction job sites since 1997, we all wear name tags.  These tags are merely strips of duct tape written on with a marker, and I can tell you from all those years of experience that they fall off pretty readily when applied to clothing that then endures several hours of twisting and turning and stretching and contracting and pulling and -- don't forget -- sweating.This product withstands all those problems, so you can imagine how much better it will withstand the rigors of, say, your typical business seminar where the guests wear business suits, unless your business seminars frequently include guests wearing overalls and do-rags and muscle shirts and construction boots and tool belts.These Avery 8395 name badges stay stuck.  Let me tell you how I know.  Yesterday afternoon I attached one to a t-shirt and then here's what I did:== Mowed the lawn and did some other yard work, enough to work up a sweat== Wrestled with our 70-pound dog for a while== Rode my motorcycle for half an hour, at one stretch reaching 70 miles per hour (in a 35 mph zone)== Just to see what would happen, I literally scrunched the badge and the fabric underneath it; at first I scrunched pretty lightly, but then I scrunched pretty darned much, a total of maybe half a dozen scrunches altogether== Removed the badge and replaced it== Doffed the shirt and re-donned it== Finally, I slept in the shirt.Then I took the photograph I've added to the Amazon listingAvery Adhesive Name Badges, 2.33 x 3.375 inches, White, Pack of 160 (08395)for these Avery 8395 labels.  As you might not be able to tell, so I will tell you, except for a couple of light crinkles the badge is pristine, because the material it's made of, which I assume is some sort of plastic, is more flexible and thus less likely to crease than paper.  It wants to conform to the shape of the clothing it's attached to no matter how that shape changes.But what's more impressive is that it's still stuck securely to my t-shirt.  After all the grief I put it through, it should have given up and fallen off at SOME point, but it never did.Later: I started another test.  I thoroughly soaked a portion of a different t-shirt with water, and then I applied another of these badges, which I think must be an extreme test.  As of now, an hour later, the badge is firmly planted on my chest, and the fabirc is still faintly wet.And now it's the next day and I've slept wearing the second badge, and I've also scrunched it roughly a few times, and I've also removed it and replaced it twice (no, no wind test or dog-wrestling this time), and it is still stuck quite nicely, thank you.To reiterate, this name badge stays stuck really well.+ + + STURDYAnd not only does it stick well, it's also really sturdy.You literally can't tear these badges apart with your fingers without considerable effort.  If a normal paper badge can be torn with X amount of shear force, these badges won't tear till you've applied maybe 20 times that X amount.  I estimate that 50% of your average grandmothers literally could not tear one of these badges in half.  The plastic film strongly resists efforts to rip instantly in twain and instead merely deforms, which I assure you, even if I can't describe it well, is less catastrophic.+ + + WRITING SURFACEThe front face, the one you write on, feels slicker than paper and seems to be perfect for writing on with a marker; it has just the right texture or the right finish or something.+ + + TWO-WAY REMOVALThis product offers yet another handy feature -- two-way removal -- which is clever.  Expensive, I'm sure, but no less clever.In one scenario you, the badge-monkey, use some sort of broad-stroke marker to write in the guest's name on a badge and then remove it from the backing and hand it, sticky-side down, to that guest, at which point the next move pretty much has to be that that guest applies it to his or her clothing right then and there.  And you can do that with this product as well, if you remove the badge from the FRONT of the sheet as is normal.But if you remove it from the back of the sheet you get a different result.  The result is a separate badge with its backing still attached.  This means you also have the option of merely handing out those self-contained badges, presumably along with a marker, to guests as they arrive.  They can then do the writing and then the removal of the backing (and then the application to their clothing) themselves, and they can do it at their leisure, after putting down their Blackberries and their briefcases.Another option, of course, is for you, the badge-monkey, simply to remove a whole bunch of these badges from the backs of the sheets and lay them out on a table or a counter and direct your guests to them.- - - PRICEAs I think I prove below, no matter how you measure it per inch these name badges are expensive, so you should decide whether they are worth it.  (Prices vary over time, so keep that in mind if you are reading this long after I wrote it, which is April 10, 2011.)At 10 cents per yard, 2-inch duct tape costs $0.009375, or just under a penny, for a name tag that's 3-3/8 inches wide.  At, say, $25 per 400, these Avery 8395 badges, which are cut to that same 3-3/8 inches in width, cost $0.0625 each, which is 6-2/3 times more expensive.  If you account for the fact the badges are 2-1/3 inches high instead of only 2 inches, they're still 600% more expensive than the same acreage of duct tape.Perhaps a more useful point of comparison, unless you're supplying rough, tough Habitat for Humanity volunteers with name tags, is that one model (Avery Border Name Badge Labels, Red, Pack of 100, 2.34 x 3.375 Inches (5140)) of Avery's plain badges of the same dimensions is available on Amazon for, let's say, 3-1/2 cents each, which still makes the fancier Avery 8395 model nearly 80% costlier.(If I got any of that math wrong, please leave a comment.)- - - FORBIDDEN SURFACESAside from these name badges' high price, a drawback is the fact the manufacturer warns, "Do not apply to vinyl, plastic, leather, suede, velvet, curduroy, silk or other delicate fabrics."  I want to know what happens if you do, but I've run enough tests already on these Avery 8395 badges, don't you think?I like the sticker adhesive. lasts long time on polo shirt. not repeat application once it was removed from shirt with lint on it. But, on other items like paper and cardboard, it has good adhesion.Bottom line: If you are printing name tags for a lot of folks, get these!The neat feature about these name tags is that after printing there are two ways the name tags can be removed from the carrier.  First, you can peal them off from the front.  I found this a bit harder than most labels.  BUT! Second, you can remove the tag from the back of the printed page- and each tag comes off individually with its paper backing still attached.So, if you printed a few dozen of these, you could easily remove them from the paper (from the back side) and arrange them on a table or display so that people could easily and quickly pick out their tag and put it on.  This is really, really neat!The tags themselves don't feel like paper- but more like some kind of plastic.  This lead me to believe they might bleed or run.  To test this, I marked various tags with ball point pens, roller ball pens, two colors of sharpies and pencil.  In no case did the ink run or smear once dry.  I even put the sheet under running water and nothing ran too badly.  In fact the tags held up very well.The tags adhered well to a couple of different pieces of clothing that I tried.  A lot of times I've had tags that come off- but I don't think these will.  I tried removing and reapplying the tags and they still had plenty of adhesion.  They do, however,  come with a bothersome warning: Do Not Apply to leather, suede, velvet, corduroy, silk, vinyl or plastic.  I'm not sure what would happen if you ignored these rules and someone put them on -say- a leather jacket.OK- I understand that most people don't get excited about name tags- but these are great and if you need to get some- you should make your life easier and get these.EDIT: I have noticed that some laser printers do not get hot enough to set these properly.  I had some trouble smearing until I found the proper "paper" settings.I got these for my children to use for their backpacks, books, lunch boxes and clothes for school.  They stay on really well and are made of a flexible rubbery like material.  I also use them for the kids water bottles.  Even after a day on the water bottle, the labels are still fine.  I print up a sheet for each child and they are always ready to go.  If they can last a few days on a kid, they'd work out great for use as name badges for adults who aren't so rough.useful, work great, can't really go wrong with these name tags if this is what you need. we like to have these around for events where people don't know each other. nice size.In trying these for review, I used them for a mixed class of adults with children.  Children are notoriously hard on sticky nametags, yet these stayed on very well.  Even after a couple of them removed and restuck them in different places on their clothes, during which the tags pick up fibers from the clothing which would usually cause them to fall off after reapplying, these kept on sticking!I found great results with adults also.  The toughest fabrics for nametags to stay on, I find, is flowy nylon and shiny/silky/satiny - women's blouses that are made from these tend to be quite problematic.  But these Avery badges stayed on without even a curling corner!They peel off incredibly well, also, no tearing in half when being pulled from the corner, thanks to the slightly plastic-y nature of the material these are made from.My only complaint is a general one that applies to all printable labels.  It bothers me that no matter what I've done, I still end up with the printing slightly off-center, either side-to-side or top-to-bottom.  It never fails to print slightly off, and I've tried several printers with the same results.  I hope to someday find a solution to this issue.Other than that, these name badges are great, and I highly recommend them.Got these to use for labeling our plastic containers for moving. What was great is that we could remove the stickers off the containers after we unpacked. We didn't have to scrape them off or affix a sticker on top of the old sticker. And then we used more to re-label the containers once we got organized. My friend borrowed some to use at name tags for a workshop he was hosting. He said they were worked out great, people could remove them, place them on their binders and left to go for lunch and when they returned from lunch they could place the stickers back on and they stayed put to the end of the workshop. He loved them because most people don't want to walk around in public with their names affixed to their shirt. And the template was easy to use, we used them to print on the laser and inkjet (color) for our projects. There was 160 in the package which was more than enough for me and my friend and some left over to share with another friend who was organizing their garage containers and needed labels as well.I was very impressed with how these maintain despite rigorous wear.The first experiment I used them on was on my child, where I put one on her chest and sent her outside to play.Four hours later when she came in, the to was dirty and I could see she hadtake nit off on ppupose and with her dirty hands put it back on.The adhesive stayed strong.The second test was when I went to a conference. I used the brand they gave me, which wasn't even Avery and this brand.Avery's brand stayed on longer!I would recommend this product, tried and tested and loved!I tried another brand of badge labels months ago so this is a comparison with that other brand which I won't name because frankly, this product works just as well.Name tags are a necessary item when you are meeting with folks you don't see often.  But name tags are also great for things like RPGs where you want your players to interact as their characters not themselves.  I primarily use these labels for convention games because it helps get everyone in the proper state of mind.People wear all types of clothing so I need labels that won't damage them.  These come off of almost any type of fabric but here's a warning: it does not come off of paper or plastic.  So think before you apply them.The sheets worked well in my printer and were easy to use and store.  These are inexpensive forms of name tags when the people meeting changes often or you meet rarely.  If you need name tags more often, I'd go with plastic ones you can use over and over again.First things first: my only complaint about these badges/stickers is that they are *huge*. I understand this is so that a company or a person could print them out with more than just a name (such as the company logo above the name) but as I used them for a social get together they were just...too big.I also wrote on them with a Sharpie rather than printing. The ink dried quickly; there was no bleeding/smudging.The material is definitely more flexible than the old-school name stickers that were more of a paper substance rather than the sort of rubber/plastic/paper combo that these badges are made of.It's also nice that you can either peel the sticker directly off the sheet or punch it out with the back still attached. Great for when people want to write up their own name badge on the spot.I really love the way each name badge can be separated with the backing paper left on so they can be handed out individually without having to remove them from the backing sheet or cut apart by hand. I think that is a really nice feature that helps one organize multiple items ahead of time. Now I can hand individuals multiple items and paperclip the name badge on the top so I know who gets what or who still needs their items.Prints nicely with no smudges and the clean bright white paper does not interfere with my print colors. The templates were easy to use right from avery.com. I couldn't be happier! Excellent product, highly recommend.These are easily removable yet stay put on the surfaces. I use them to date and label everything from my spices to the home made tahini and hummus in the fridge so its nice that the labels remove easily yet I can always count on them being in place. A black sharpie extra fine marker is this little label's best friend.Good for what we used them for. Cheap and you get a lot of them. We are still using them and have a lot more to go.Im still using them. Got here fast....work as intended, but I always wonder about the price.....sort of pricey, but I couldn't find them for less anywhere else. I used them to label/tag merchandise....which they do quite well.These things were a pain.  I tried using the avery design suite... no luck, every time I printed it, it was all over the place.  Tried using the template in word...  a hot mess.  The templates just wouldn't line up.  I print on templates ALL THE TIME. These were the worst I've ever come across.The leftovers.... well... they will be great for the next yardsale, I'll use a pen, and write in the numbers.  Printing nightmare!these are very good quality and easy to use and remove . so I buy them, but they seem pretty expensive to me.I use these and the little round ones to label everything from freezer items to my spices. They peel off easily but stay on the containers until I am ready to remove them. They leave no residue and if you have a printer they are quite easy to print. I happen to use a black felt tip pen and have everything neatly labeled and dated. Not a bad price.white labels, sticky, easy to write on or use in the printer, what else can i really say about labels? they're goodI use these over labels that won't peel completely off when returning an item that doesn't come with a return label.I use Avery because I've never been disappointed with them, I use them for shipping lables, it size was most important to me, and they come 80 to a package so I don't have to order as often. Great LabelsWe run a four day board gaming event once per year and have a need for our attendees to label an area where they store their games for everyone to play.  We have some quality plastic shelving, that has very smooth sides.  This year, for the first time, we decided to use these stickers.  About 30-40% of the stickers pulled off without much incident as long as care was taken to pull them off very slowly.  Even in these cases, however, there was some glue residue left behind that was difficult to remove.  In the rest of the cases, some parts of the sticker remained stuck after an initial attempt to remove the sticker as a whole piece.  It would then take a thumbnail or other implement to slowly scrape off the remnants.  In these cases the glue residue was even more copious.  The surface of these shelves are about as good as you can hope for if you want a removable sticker to work.  While they certainly proved to be "removable", we likely won't use them again next year since we spent a significant amount of time removing them and their residue completely.These labels work well with my inkjet printer. I use them to label my different folders that I keep. They would work well if you are planning on having a garage sale. For labeling the larger more expensive items.I use these to mail out newsletters so I only have to fold them in half instead of three fold in a regular envelope. These are the exact brand at the big stores, but at a much better price.We love crafts at our church and we were just as happy with this product as with any.  Served our purposes well and was as expected.  Highly recommend and would buy again!I purchased these to go with my home made Christmas cards and they worked out very well.  Nice paper feel, true size for half folded letter size sheets and secure flaps.  Great quality.I'm working on our Christmas cards at the moment, and have several dozen cards left over from previous years that don't have envelopes.  I ordered this box of greeting card envelopes to use up those extra cards, and they work perfectly.  They fit in my Brother Inkjet printer and are the correct size for most greeting cards.  I also sometimes create greeting cards at home using blank card stock, and these envelopes are perfect for that purpose too.I'd give these envelopes 5 stars if they had the pointed, angled flap pictured in the photo.  Instead, they are straight across the back flap.  I don't mind the straight flap, but the angled one looks nicer and it shouldn't be pictured that way if it's not the product you get.I keep this product on hand to use with greeting cards that I send out.  They work well and I'm satisfied with the condition and time in which they arrived.Well I'm not really sure if these Columbian envelopes are the best ever- I'm just happy they're dependable whenever I need them!  Seriously, you can't go wrong with these envelopes.  They are exactly the right size I need for several of the smaller envelopes that need sent (usually more appropriate and frequent around the holidays of course).  Picking up a large pack of these is a very easy thing to do when you know you're getting quality envelopes.I have been using these envelopes for quite some time and always order them when I run out.  They are just the right size for quarter-fold cards and are a very good quality.II ORDERED THIS SIZE AND STYLE SINCE IN IS A GOOD VALUE AND FITS THE NOTE CARDS WHICH I MAKEFROM MY ORIGINAL PHOTOGRAPHS.These are perfect for my projects! The price was great and I would recommend them to my friends. Great quality and great service!I use these for home-made cards and invitations printed on the computer printer.  The shape works well and the quality is good for the price.My wife makes all of our greeting using the Hallmark software.  She uses greeting card stock and these envelopes.  The end product looks just like it came from the store at a very expensive price.  We are both very happy with the end result,  the proper size envelopes just give it a nice finishing touch.Very pleased, as this is the perfect envelope and is of good quality.I use a lot of these enveloopes for greeting cards and they are fine quality...go through the printer really well and have snug fit for the card.I finally found just the right size for my folded notes. Paper is sturdy enough and perfect enough for my needsLight weight, good for note cards, nothing special, just functional. With postage high, and so much email, these days, people don't care what quality the paper is. Heavy paper costs more postage, lightweight is now the norm.Paper isn't as heavy as it used to be, but they are well made, and I have no fear that they won't arrive intact when I send out cards in them.  Sweet price, especially with free shipping! ;)I send homemade cards for everyone's milestone, so I go through them quickly.  These cards are perfect for the quarter fold sized card.They are what they are and do what they are expected to do for a bunch less money than at Staples or Office Depot or at Walmart for that matter.Used these for our save the dates.  Next time I'll splurge and get the adhesive self-sealing envelopes- but, hey, you can't beat this price!WE IKE THESE ENVELOPES.  THEY ARE JUST THE RIGHT SIZE AND WEIGHT AND THEY ARE PERFECT FOR SECURITY.  THE PRICE IS ALSO A FACTOR.  WE HAVE BOUGHT THESE BEFORE AND WILL BUY THEM AGAIN.  THANKS....They work just fine, quality seems ok. It's hard to write a rave review about a #10 envelope Oh yeah and they were cheapI searched Amazon high and low for the best deal on good quality #10 envelopes, and settled on these. Good envelopes, nice big 500 pack! I prefer self sealing, but these are much cheaper and work just fine.I do not find any thing wrong with these envelopes. Especially nice is the self-seal feature. Just flip up the small tab and press. You don't even have to pull a protective strip to reveal the adhesive.I really like these. I know that this style of envelope has probably been around for quite some time, but this is my first time using it. The seal is folded over to prevent catching on whatever is getting tucked inside. Then it's a matter of unfolding the sticky part and sealing it. Easy to use and good quality. Will buy again.These #10 envelopes are first quality and seal easily.  They are made of a bright white stock lined with a security pattern.  If you need envelopes and dislike licking the flaps, these are for you.great envelopes stick well next time im buying 2 boxes cause my daughter is always stealing mine. other that that not much to say about envelopes buy themThey do what they are supposed to the only problem I found is they don't stick very easy I find myself having to tape them closed , which is not a money saver !! Some claim more secure . Not something you can rush either way .This is a great deal on security envelopesThese envelopes are just what I was looking for.  Some features:1.  They are stiffer than ordinary envelopes, due to the use of 24-pound paper.  This makes them lie flat and noticeably enhances the look of the envelope, as well as the feel.2.  They have a nice, professional-looking and -feeling finish.3.  Though they have a security tint, this is not apparent from the outside of the envelope because of the thicker paper.4.  They are far harder to look through than ordinary envelopes because of the security tint / pattern as well as the increased opacity.5.  The glue holds quite well.  (Unlike another reviewer, in my testing the envelope tore when I attempted a slow peel-open.)6.  They print well.7.  The flap extends to the corners on the back of the envelope (I am nitpicky, perhaps, but I much prefer this standard look to a straight line or similar, as you find on self-adhesive designs).8.  They are so cheap, at 4 cents per envelope, that anyone can use them for just about any purpose except perhaps mass mailings without worrying about the cost.  (In other words, while they're not the cheapest you can buy, they're close enough so as probably not to matter.)In summation, I really like these envelopes and will continue to use them for my business and at home.  Just about the only drawback I can see for anyone would be the fact that you have to moisten the envelope.  Personally, this doesn't bother me (but I continue to hope for the release of better-tasting glue, perhaps something in "beef teriyaki" instead of "generic sweet quasi-mint").I am pleased with these envelopes. I have had no trouble with the sealing of these. I found them to be superior to another brand I bought from a local office supply store...I would recommend these.Didn't even realize these were self seal when I purchased.  They seem to seal well thus far.  I should have looked more carefully when buying as I don't like these when olding items like checks etc when not being sealed.This is a second purchase of this product.  It is very sturdy.  I really like how the envelopes closes.  I did not have to use tape to make sure the close did not reopen like some other items do.Over the years, it has become evident that not every #10 envelope is of equal quality and / or seals securely.  While manufacturing a good #10 should not be rocket science nowadays, we (my wife and I) have become a bit more selective when buying the most commonly used envelope.  All the more given the identity theft problems proliferating these days (since we regularly mail out checks.)  These Columbian CO284, seal-sealing envelopes, meet most of our expectations.  The eventual contents of the envelope will be properly shielded (from view) by fairly dense paper.  The self-seal may be the main weakness in that the adhesion is decent, but not perfect.  We customarily end up securing the envelope with Scotch tape.Needed a good basic envelope and these fit thebill so to speak.  And they are auto seal so that'snice too,These are a nice basic envelope, with the security feature, and a good price for the quantity of envelopes received.The Columbian CO128 (#10) 4-1/8x9-1/2-Inch Security Tinted White Envelopes are great have have purchased same for years and will continue to do in future.I was out of business size envelopes.  These are just what I needed, good quality, and it was handy to order them online.These are good quality envelopes that excel at hiding the contents; which is the reason I bought them. I would recommend them.I'm one of those individuals who writ4s many patriot-type letters, especialy regarding the wrongful taxation of individuals. You can judge this keeps me very busy; no, it's something I'd like to get away from, but when government does not follow the law, or acts without law in support - well, you know what I mean; I just can't sit still. So, I'm always using envelopes. Now some envelopes - when you lick them - are dry and gritty; and the taste remins you of a horse's hoof. (No I don;t go around licking hoof). There's three things I want in an envelope;: I want it to look good, I want it to seal properly, and I want it to be of a heavy paper for security and class. This is the envelope I purchase and use. I give it a top rating because that's been my experience with it. When I print them out, they don't smear and look good. I would not recommend this unless it delivered all that I expected and more. Believe me, you get your money's worth with this product.What can I say about plain envelopes other than they appear to be as described.  I just tried to find the cheapest ones I could get.I thought I was getting a great deal, until I priced the same quantity and size envelopes at Sams Club.  Granted, they are of fine quality, but for me, what matters more is the price. If I were perhaps a business, the quality may be of importance. Next time I'll do my homework, and save a bundle in the process.Quality = 5 starsPrice = 1 starI like this sealing system on these self seal envelopes. You just fold up one flap then fold the other onto it. No peeling any paper off and no waste. The seal is strong too. Good quality envelope and not see through so contents are nice and private. I would buy these again. Great price too.These envelopes are exactly as specified in the description.  The self seal flaps are sufficiently gummed and work perfectly. Delivery was also quick. For the price, you can't beat this envelope.The envelopes looks regular as the other envelopes. The security tint, in my opinion, needs to be more darker. The thickness of the material used is fair.What can be wrong with envelopes? Seems to be good for general mailing purposes.The advantage these envelopes have over others is that they self-seal when the two surfaces are pressed together, instead of the kind that have the seal-strip covered with a wax ribbon, which has to be discarded somewhere.  Less trash is a good thing.These self-seal envelopes by Mead with their inside tint make it much harder for anyone to hold the envelope up to a light and see what's inside the envelope. The inside of the envelope has a very thin extra lining (thus, the "tint") to protect the security of your documents.The envelopes measure 4 1/8 inches by 9 1/2 inches so they fit well along with the rest of your mail or any other standard, letter size envelopes you may be using. Each envelope can hold up to four folded 8 inch by 11 in pieces of paper comfortably. All right!!!They are indeed self-sealing. If you have any other security concerns just seal the envelope up even more by using regular household tape to cover the line where the sealed flap meets the envelope.I have used these envelopes and they help when I have to mail private or sensitive documents. I highly recommend them for anyone who requires extra privacy for their mail.These envelopes are nice to use, because you don't have to lick them. But Honestly I didn't even notice the self sealing thing when I was considering them, as usual, I just notice the price. So, when I received them and found them to have the self sealing feature, I was quite skeptical. But, I thought that I would give them a try any way, just to see how they worked. I was surprised to see how well they sealed. The glue on them sticks very well, and holds tight. I haven't tried, but I am pretty sure that you could reopen one if necessary, and then reseal it again with just as good a seal as the first time. These are great envelopes at a great price.Good quality envelopes. Easy to stuff and seal. No problems putting it though my printer to make it easier to mail.These envelopes have the security lines in them which makes it hard for anyone to spy on your mail, a big box like this will last many years for the occasional letter sender, and is a great supply for a person running a business.  These do require you to wet them for the envelope to seal, but that is no big deal to me, and I have had no issues with a bad seal like with some cheaper envelopes.These are fine envelopes; but if you are buying them for the advertised security tint, they make poor security envelopes.  When I sealed my check in one, not only could I tell there was a check inside, I could read the check routing numbers by holding the envelope up to the light.  I had to add an extra sheet of folded white paper to hide my check.A package of 100 envelopes...security envelopes at that and the special gift of self-seal.  The price was a steal too!Thanks Amazon!This is a thick envelope of good quality, the price was very good I would recommend this product a good buyVery good envelopes. I love the idea of self stick. Nothing worse than paper cuts on the tongue or mouth. Thank you.Overall these are good envelopes. Paper quality is fairly sturdy, there is no see through with security coating, and they are self seal. The price is reasonable. The self seal could be a little more secure but otherwise these envelopes serve the purpose for which they are made.We usually buy Columbian business envelopes.  They are thick enough to provide privacy in the mailing of business letters, work in the laser printer and the gum on the flap is good.I don't even think I pay less for them on Amazon, but it's just so convenient once I am told the envelopes are getting low to be able to get online and have a couple of boxes sent to the office.Actually I probably do save money.  I at least escape the impulse items near the cash register at the local business supply store.Got these envelopes off Amazon just because they were a great deal for a 100-count.  I love the sticky closure that doesn't require you to lick it to activate the seal.the sealing strip on these envelopes are so weak and easy to get apart even after sitting for a few hours. will find better ones next time.These are great envelops and I always choose them over others. I love the self-adhesive, the heft, and the security of the envelops. However, a box is over-priced here. I purchase them online from a warehouse club at about half of the price here ... and that includes shipping. The envelops may even be sourced from the same place ... that's been my experience anyway with a number of office products. L@@k around before buying them at an outrageous price here.The price was right for these business size. security, self-sealing envelopes.  They are sturdy and protect the information you are mailing.Bought these to use both blank and to print company logos onto.I loaded a bunch into the laser printer and they came out looking great!The glue works well after a licking and no need to press and hold for hours or lick repeatedly and taste the glue.Security print is light and not impossible to read through but definitely makes it hard.  I just fold the letters so text is all on the inside of the paper and it's basically impossible to read through - although who would want to look into someones mail to read an invoice - not that exciting!I order about one roll per week.It works great for shipping.Pretty good tape.I asked my husband to buy me some packing tape today, and he brought home this product. He says he bought it because the outside label states, "packaging tape," at one spot and at another it proclaims, in big bold print, "SHIPPING." When you open up the plastic encasing the tape, you can also read another description, inside the cardboard "wheel" that the tape is mounted on: "Scotch Sealing Tape." This means that the company has offered three different names for one product and, unfortunately, none are an accurate description, because here is how this tape acts:1. When I tried to use the tape, I found it almost impossible to pry loose. Unlike every other packing tape I've used over the years, this brand doesn't have a colorful piece of light cardboard indicating the starting point and making it easy to unhook the tape.2. When I finally got the tape unhooked and started trying to remove from the cardboard wheel a strip to wrap around a package I needed to mail, it was so weak, it tore apart after only a few inches. This caused me the incredible aggravation of once again having to try and find the starting point of the tape. Worse, the tear was that awful kind where the tape splits apart in the middle, so it creates a narrow, jagged piece with a very skinny tip that is particularly hard to see the end of.3. Tape ripping to shreds like this is a clear indicator that it is so fragile, it is completely unsuitable as a packing tape. To give you an idea how frail it is, the tape I use in my office, of the 3/4-inch, clear variety, and even masking tape, are both far stronger than this tape.Because of these defects, I don't recommend this tape for any use whatsoever, and I myself am going to ask for a refund.By the way, the package states that this tape is, "Made in the USA," but since the company distributing the tape has made a false claim about this tape by calling it "shipping tape," perhaps this claim isn't true either.This tape ended up being worthless quality and all eight rolls I bought went into the garbage. My moving helpers and I were spending way too much time babysitting these rolls of tape, which were nearly impossible to pull off the roll. We drove to Home Depot and bought several packages of brand-name package sealing tape instead.This is good packing tape at an affordable price. It works in my tape gun and it sticks real well.This is an economy grade clear packing tape of medium thickness.  It is not so thin that it easily splits and tears when you are unrolling it, and it is not as thick as some of the heavier duty, more expensive tapes.  It is quite suitable for general uses, like packing, strapping, and mailing, where the tape will not be subjected to excessive stress.  The amount of adhesive is adequate, but perhaps slightly on the light side.Tartan is a division of 3M, a corporation who have been around for ages, manufacturing all kinds of plastic products.  This tape is supposedly made in the USA, and is 1.88 inches (48mm) wide, and 54.6 yards (50 meters) in length.  There are many similar products available that can do the same job, so the main selling point probably comes down to price.  At $2.00 or less, you are probably getting a fair deal.  Check your local store for a more competitive price.Shipping tape is expensive no matter which brand or style you buy. This one works best. It's a bit thicker, and what this does for me is that it keeps the tape from swinging in the wind, getting stuck to itself and making a wasteful mess before I get it on the box. You can probably get cheaper tape, but the time you save in not having misfires during application is a huge time saver. It also adheres just the same as all tape.To be honest, I wouldn't call this &#34;extra thick&#34;. I would call it as thick as tape should be, and the rest are unnecessarily cheaply thin.I mail out alot of packages and use alot of packaging tape. And sometimes I have fights with the tape -- it is either too thin, it sticks to itself when I unroll it, it has a mind of its own and wrinkles just as I am about to tape up the package, and if I should forget to create a little "tape tab" so I can easily unwind it from the roll the next time, I engage in the "battle of the tape" where I pick at it until I find a starting point, only to unravel pieces of the tape in an endless spiral -- what a waste of tape and money, eh?So after receiving, trying and using this, I am VERY happy with this Scotch Super Strength Packaging Tape 3850-6. It is User Friendly! It is STRONG, It is Tenacious -- I affixed a 10 inch length of the tape from a roll of tape hanging onto a fixed object the other day and the roll did not drop down to the floor from its own weight -- the tape stuck and even the exposed part was just as sticky as ever a few days later. I left a used roll of tape un-tabbed for a few days in a warm kitchen - the cut end of the tape was retrievable without tearing and without my losing any portion of the tape when I pulled it open. Bravo!UNLIKE some thicker plastic tape which will not conform to the shape of the package, THIS tape DOES - very willingly -- My packages are mailed out now knowing that parts of the tape will not decide to get stuck to something at the post office and pull off.It is crystal clear, wide enough to tape up a package with fewer passes, it works well in those plastic hand-held tape dispensers and truth be told, it cuts very easily, even if all you want to use as a cutter is your teeth.We've all used this tape so what could possibly be better about this newest type?Well, I'm here to tell you that it is actually stronger. This shipping tape is thicker than the earlier version that 3M put out last year and it's much stickier, which is a huge improvement.I ship expensive art items all over the country. I also pack away some art items from time to time. There's nothing scarier than to see something you value sitting in storage with the lid popped open. When shipping tape doesn't hold any better than Magic Tape, what's the point?  Yet, roll after roll of their older version did not work well for me on brand new clean boxes.This new brand feels smoother as well and you can tell the adhesive will hold better, it simply feels stickier to your fingers. After testing a few strips on cardboard, it proved to me that it's better. The old version simply comes away from the cardboard without tearing it while the new version takes off the first layer of paper.  I'm sold.One thing that is most bothersome is the fact that the start of each roll (the dead space that allows you to get the tape started) is not quite at the end of the strip. So, in essence, it's purpose is somewhat canceled out. It's just as hard to get into these rolls as it would be with zero starter space. For that, they lose a star from me.It appears that some batches of this tape have a problem with stickiness, however the package I bought works well.  I use this tape to attach PayPal labels to my packages as well as taping the packages themselves.  They work very well, and the clear tape allows me to use paper labels rather than more expensive self-stick labels.  What I like about this tape that it is not as thin as some other packaging tapes I tried, so it is easier to control - it lays evenly where I put it and does not stick with bubbles or to itself.Given Amazon's excellent return policy and a statement from the manufacturer that they will remedy the problem (posted as a reply to some of the complaints) this product is worth a try. The chances of someone being stuck with bad tape permanently is not an issue.  If you get a good batch this is an excellent, cost effective product.Ali Julia reviewMy favorite packaging tape. It's the only kind I use. I keep the red handles and I buy these replacements when I run out of tape.This tape is excellent, but I dare I say it is almost TOO sticky.  If it folds over on itself, forget trying to separate it...it holds fast. If you are taping a cardboard box or bubble mailer, this stuff fits the bill.  It does gunk up the scissors a bit, but Goo Gone takes care of that.The Scotch Super Strength Packaging Tape 3850-6 is strong, resistant to tearing, and definitely heavy duty.  It doesn't stick to your fingers, but it stays stuck on cardboard and any other smoother surfaces.  Just one wrap around a shipping box should hold it.  Any attempt to remove the tape will rip off the top thin layer of the cardboard.  Now that's strong.  And it's clear.  The tape also cuts easy and doesn't roll-up into itself.  Highly Recommended.Over the last month, we used this clear packing tape to send a number of crucial internet purchases to buyers across the U.S.  It works as advertised.  There's very little waste because it's thick enough to reduce mishandling, and sticks well enough to save from overlapping or doubling it up.We also use it for dust/lint removal on black velvet store displays (instead of lint rollers) and it has just the right amount of tackiness to grab the dirt without destroying the surface of the display being cleaned.Overall, we're very satisfied and would easily recommend spending the extra over the thin, bargain versions.You really do get what you pay for. I've used cheaper packaging tape and I've used Scotch. Scotch is by far the best. It pulls off the roll easily, cuts cleanly, and sticks firmly to the package. You don't need more than one row of tape for most packing. What more can you ask for?Highly recommended.The tape I got sticks to the dispenser too well and if I can get the tape on the package it will stick there too.  The difficulty is getting it on the package.  I've used packaging tape for years in a standard big handheld dispenser and never had so much trouble applying the tape as I have with this type.  I find it very hard to get it to stick to the package when I first put it down there in order to pull the dispenser back and thus dispense the tape.  It seems the tape gets too strongly attached to the dispenser part to release.  If I can use two hands to get it going, it usually then releases with a whirl and I get a mile of tape which then tends to wrinkle at the cutting blade and won't cut.  It's so wrinkled and stuck to itself by then, it isn't suitable for the package. The frustration finally got to me so I bought the Duck brand tape which works much better for me.I had several rolls of this stuff left though so I purchased that very heavy desktop dispenser that also holds standard tape and a few pens.  Voila, this tape does really well in that dispenser.  I can pull it out easily and cut just the amount I need.  Of course that isn't going to work for large boxes, but to cover a mailing label for extra protection or add extra security to a post office mailing envelope or for a small box, it works fine.  The heavy duty quality of this tape seems overkill for those purposes, but I'm just happy I've found a use for it.  For my big handheld dispenser I far prefer the Duck brand.This is a great product, only reason I di not give 5 stars as there was no &#34;Leader&#34; tape on the beginning to help get it started. We couldn't find or start the beginning except by cutting the tape across ways with a knife and then peeling back. Gimme a break!There are a lot of bad reviews for this product. I have received the exact same tape from a friend that placed an order on Amazon and just had spare tapes laying around.I tried it out for 3 months, most of the packages are being shipped overseas. I had no complains that the tape was broken or the items did not arrive due to tape issues.I have decided to purchase another 3 rolls of this scotch tape and plan on using it for all major shipments.No issues just pack, seal, and ship. Very strong tape!I ship a fair amount of packages, and go through a lot of packaging tape. I have in the past bought cheap packaging tape that costs about 1/2 the price of Scotch Super Strength Tape. In the end I didn't really save anything since I was using 2 to 3 times as much of it to secure a package. With the cheap/lightweight tape, I'd have to go around the box 2 or 3 times to make sure it was sealed. With Scotch Super Strength, 1 time is enough. The bottom line is, while the tape isn't cheap, I'm using much less of it. It is actually saving me some money, and I don't have to buy tape as often.this is a great value for shipping tape.  the tape isn't too thick and doesn't gum up scissors when cut.  on the other hand, it's not so thin that so that it wants to stick to itself like cheaper brands.  we used this tape to help my brother move stuff to the basement, and it held 20lb boxes with just one strip across the bottom.This is great tape!  I've been using this brand for the last 5 to 10 years when packing my eBay items!  Very reliable!  Highly recommended!!Works well, sticks well, and it&#8217;s very strong.  We ship about a dozen packages every week and ALWAYS use the heavy-duty tape.  We use it with a tape gun and have no problems and occasionally we use it straight from a plain roll.After some disastrous experiences with a couple of off-brands we always use Scotch.  The off-brands were almost impossible to peel off a roll if they stuck back to it and usually they would start tearing down the middle when we tried to peel it off the roll.  Scotch never does that.20x stronger doesn't mean how much force it takes to make the plastic of the tape rip apart.  Instead this is about the adhesive holding power.. how strong does the adhesive hold the tape onto the box when it is pulled in a shear direction (not straight up, but sideways).  That's how the box might loosen up if the tape had poor shear strength.  I've been using this tape for a couple years now and I've been happy with it's secure bond.  When it comes to tape it never hurts to over-engineer a little bit so you can use less tape and so the box contents won't spill out when shipping reall heavy items.Our packages run from very light (Think 3 disc CD) to large and heavy (Think child's doll house), and this tape has  never failed us.  It doesn't split or tear but holds box flaps securely (even through a rain storm we were told).The  width is perfect for tight holding of flaps, and we use a thick nib pen to print address underneath it.No reason  for us  to change or try another - why?  When you  have the best.My wife buys and sells things on Ebay. We probably average getting and mailing about two packages per day. I'm the guy in charge of wrapping things for mailing. It's a tough job but somebody's got to do it. Of course, one of the tasks is to securely fasten things in mailing boxes. For this, I chose Scotch Packaging Tape and I use so much of it that I order it in these six packs. It's a somewhat expensive outlay, but a six pack lasts a long time.This tape is excellent. I've had no problems with it. None at all. It'll secure almost any box and it's good and strong. We've been doing this for over four years now and we've never had any feedback that our packages arrived in bad shape or were split open. This is an excellent product and the six pack suits my needs well.Gary PetersonI read the negative reviews for this tape but since they were several months old, and the 3M company representative had responded to them, I took a leap of faith and hoped that Amazon's stock had been replaced and the problem resolved.Not so. I purchased four rolls of this tape, and so far one has absolutely NO adhesion, and the other I would rate as barely sticky. I got these for a little over two dollars a roll which was a great price, but I would have been fuming if I paid the $6-$7 these cost in retail stores and had the same problems.For a company like 3M, which generally sells some of the best products, to have such a lapse in QC and allow this type of inferior product to hit the market is sad. I will not be purchasing this tape again, or any 3M brand packaging tapes for a while, in the hopes that they correct this problem.Certainly this is very strong tape.  No doubt about that.  But.  . from my experience.  . it really doesn't stick very well.  Though it looks like it's stuck to the box. . . it comes right up if you pull on the edge.  I send a lot of packages to soldiers in Afghanistan.  In the past I purchased Tartan brand tape on Amazon and was very happy with it.  No, it's not nearly as strong, but it sticks well, and I always make sure I once along the seam, and then twice across the seam (like an "H") no matter what type of tape I'm using, and I've never had a problem.Also, the cost of this tape is CRAZY EXPENSIVE.  No only look at the cost, and the number of rolls. . .but also how much is on the roll.  It's usually a MUCH better value to purchase 100+ yards on a roll as opposed to 54-yards.Tartan Sealing Tape, 1.88 x 109 Yards, Clear, 6 Rolls (3690)I've been using this tape for years now and won't buy anything else.  It's very strong yet easy to cut, and fits on the handheld roll cutters perfectly.  I use it for everything including sealing boxes and reinforcing envelope seals or Priority Mail envelopes.Great heavy duty tape for taping boxes.  Sticks well and holds even heavy loaded boxes.  I would recommend this brand for both mailing and for moving boxes.We have used the 3M 3850 tape for years and find it easy to work with, excellent adhesion and very strong.  Nothing more to say, just does it's job with no fuss.This Scotch / 3M packing tape should work just fine for general use. One thing I'd like to note is that some inexpensive packing tape is so thin that it is difficult to work with (it's always getting stuck to itself or whatever). This Scotch / 3M tape is nice and thick so it is very easy to cut and use without the problems that come with thin inexpensive packing tape.Good stuff, I would certainly buy it over some of the less expensive stuff I have used in the past.(Note that this is apparently the same tape sold asScotch Sure Start Shipping Packaging Tape with Dispenser, 1.88 Inches x 38.2 Yards, 1 Roll with Dispenser (3450S-RD)that I reviewed earlier this year.)In a week I ship anywhere from four to a dozen or more packages, all of which are packed and taped to withstand a nuclear blast (you never know how UPS, USPS, FedEx, or any other carrier will treat the package). I've been buying my tape from a shipping supply company for the past few years. The cost is about $30 for 18 rolls (2" wide x 110 yards long, 1.5-2 mil thickness). The problem I have with the tape is that it's fairly thin and gets ripped fairly easy (even by hand), so I usually apply three strips to insure that nothing will happen during shipping. Well that is no longer the case with Scotch's Super Strength tape!This stuff is amazingly thick and just does not rip or tear without a knife/scissors. I measured the thickness of SSS (Scotch Super Strength) tape to my usual tape and Scotch's is easily twice as thick (measured 3 mils consistently in multiple areas that I tested). Even comparing two brand new rolls to each other, Scotch's is actually bigger/thicker, even though there is half as much on the roll (please refer to the picture that I uploaded).The adhesion on SSS tape is great! Not once has it slipped or peeled off any of the boxes I've applied it to, nor has anyone received a package from me with the tape falling or coming off of it.The tape is also very clear, no yellow tinge/color. I know UPS and USPS will be very happy about this.I am no longer needing to apply two or three strips to insure the package isn't going to pop open, just one. So the cost, for me at least, is actually about the same for about half as much since I don't have to use as much.So next time I need to buy some tape, I will not be buying the cheap stuff, it's going to be Scotch's Super Strength from now on!Pros:Strongest tape I have ever used, period.Adhesion is fantastic.Cost is comparable to what I am already spending for tape.Crystal clear, does not obstruct the label.Cons:None!I got tired of using the light weight type of shipping or packaging tape because it usually broke or tore at least once per box.These rolls are tough and heavy duty. They stick well and are very strong. We have packaged quite a few things for  mailing and shipping without a worry or concern that the package might break open.  This is good stuff.My only reason for giving this just 4 stars is it is a pricey product. That said, to be fair, you often get what you pay for. This tape is strong; I wouldn't use any other for packing as a little bit goes a long way.  Perfect for moving, far or near.Used this for taping my packages and the boxes that I fold and discard. Very strong and the adhesive holds well.I've used Scotch packing tape for years. This one is actually the thicker kind. I wish Scotch would package them or make the two different types of tape more different looking so people can tell which is which. Regardless, both types of tape are strong and easy to use. I only use Scotch tape for my packages. Why try anything else?I used over a dozen rolls for my recent move for taping boxes, and the packaging tape did what it was supposed to securely.  I did not experience a lack of "stickiness" that many other reviewers are complaining about.  Perhaps there was a large, bad batch?  I will not hesitate to buy more for my next move or for shipping out packages.UPDATE 03/20/2013 - Bought another dozen to use for sealing about 40 boxes in various sizes (for storage) and again have had no issues with it's adhesiveness.  Still recommended.There are a number of reasons I am not a surgeon, one of which is that I am tape-challenged.  Sticks to me, sticks to itself, snarls, buckles, but never a smooth professional tape job.  That said, I ship a lot to far flung children and friends, and I revel in a tidy job.  This stuff doesn't split, peels off nicely, and is easy to apply in a satisfying crease-free fashion.  Furthermore, per my office colleague who made off with 2 of my 6 free rolls, it does not lift paint off the wall when you tape your kid's artwork up for display.  I wouldn't know about that; all our yellowed old masterpieces still hang by magnets on the front of our 'frig.I guess you do get what you pay for as the old saying goes. I use a lot of tape mailing packages out every day and sometimes I have to get the cheaper tape (Scotch is usually higher), but I always regret it later. The cheaper tape wrinkles up or you lose it on the roll and can't find where to start peeling again. It's so frustrating. Some rolls I have had to throw out completely because the tape splits down the middle or it has lost its stickiness. I have never had a problem with Scotch though, no matter how old it is and how long I have left it sitting around. These big rolls are great for my packages and make everything so much easier. No splitting, no wrinkling, very sticky. Love it!I like using this stronger tape as it just takes one pass. It doesn't collapse on itself like the cheap stuff, and I use it out of a gun anyway. Definitely worth the price over the lighter versionWe go through a lot of packing tape in our house. Scotch brand is good quality. It gets the job done without ripping or splitting. We've tried going for cheaper brands before, but it gets so frustrating when the tape splits that the lower price doesn't feel worth it. We are happy with Scotch!This is the best tape for a multitude of uses. It is strong. It doesn't shred of tear like the inferior tapes out there.The rolls are large and can be used with or without a tape dispenser. Obviously the dispensers are handy and 3M has a couple that the tape will fit. 3M H122 Dispenser for 3 Core Box Sealing Tape, Compact and Quick Loading, Gray or3M Scotch Gray Box Sealing Tape Dispenser (H180)Use it for:Affixing Mailing labelsSealing shipping boxesFixing torn maps (do we still use them?)Making business cards into luggage tagsMending a broken garage door windowRoll it inside out for a quickie lint removerand on and on...Finding a reliable packaging tape is not an easy matter! It's not only the strength but the handling of the tape.  In tha past I have struggle with cheap versions, not only for their thinnes and poor manufacturing but for the inability to resume its use if you don't have a dispenser. Impossible to find the line and keep on rolling. I have thrown several cheapos.Not here. Scotch is a brand name that will always be reliable in delivering outstanding quality on all types of tape; and this is no exception.This packaging tape is the best I have used so far for strength and handling. It is sturdy, dispenses very well, and the end easily stays up on the dispenser.  Applying to the package is better than other tapes, it smooths out easily and doesn't crumple and wrinkle during application which is a problem I've had when using thinner tapes.I have tried many different brands and types of packaging tape through the years.  Generally if I couldn't find a better quality tape on sale I usually ended up going with the lower price, and have regretted that many times, especially one time when I bought a six pack of the stuff and had to deal with it for a long time.  The very thin, cheaper tape can be a nightmare.  Even with my good dispenser that holds the end of the tape out from the roll there is a problem with the handling and application of the thinner tapes...and when the end adheres to the roll, which it frequently does, it is impossible to get the end back up without a lot of time and trouble.The bottom line for me now, after these aggravating experiences, is that it is worth the extra cost for a packaging tape like the Scotch super strength.  If you have use for the 8-pack it is actually a very good price (right now at around 4 per roll).Rarely a week goes by that I'm not using packing tape.  Christmas, birthday shipments, even arts & crafts-- It's an indispensable item in my household.  Scotch has produced a premium product in their Super Strength packing tape. Even as you peel the tape off the roll, you can feel that it's thicker and stronger than standard packing tape.  And my HUGE pet peeve of tape splitting/tearing while unrolling is nonexistent with this.  It's strong enough for your toughest shipments, and it's strong enough to withstand coming off the roll in one piece!  LOVE IT!My only concern with Scotch's product is the price. It's significantly more expensive than just about anything I've seen out there.  But if you're serious about your packing tape and have the money to spend, this is a product for you.Happy packing!Using clear packing tape is often aggravating.  If you don't use a dispenser, or the end falls off the cutting blade and re-adheres itself to the roll, finding the start of the tape can be difficult. When the end is found, trying to pull it up can cause it to split and tear, wasting both time and tape as one turns the roll with the fragmented strip trying to get back to a whole piece. These problems are non-existent with this thick tape. The end of the roll is easy to see, and I tried everything to get the tape to split or tear and couldn't do it. It is simply too thick and sturdy.Second concern involves heavy packages. In the past I regularly shipped one-of-a-kind items and I relied on heavy duty tape. I quickly learned that just ensuring the item was properly surrounded by sufficient packing material was no guarantee that it would arrive safely. Major shipping companies usually don't segregate packages that meet their acceptable weight range, so at any point in the process a heavy package may encounter a lightweight one. When that happens, less secure tape may lift up off the box, breaking the seal.We've all received packages where it is clearly a miracle the contents are still there because the box is essentially wide open. The packages I send are packed with that in mind - an unpredictable environment where anything can happen.The price of this tape is a wise investment when comparing the cost of losing the contents of a package versus sending it off with confidence. Additionally, the thickness of the tape makes it much easier to use. I highly recommend this packing tape.Whenever I try to save money with cheaper packaging tape, I come to regret it. This is the good stuff.I love Scotch Heavy Duty for the quality and durability.  I use it for a variety of uses, but always on packages to ship.  You can rely on this tape to hold up under shipping.When I originally started Ebaying stuff, I used the cheapest brown packing tape I could find. Brown packing tape looks better when reusing boxes, especially for covering previous shipping labels, but you should always have the clear stuff around too, as its useful for affixing loose shipping labels when you dont have a sticker or pouch.This tape is definitely heavy-duty, which is good not just for securing packages, but its also easier to handle as it doesn't fold back onto itself like cheap tape.For general purpose, I still stick to the cheap brown generic tape, but will absolutely keep a few rolls on this on hand as needed.I do a lot of shipping on eBay, and so I usually go through a lot of packing tape. Much of my problems come from having to reinforce boxes so that their contents don't drop out. This tape actually helps me get rid of that issue. It is super strong, and it holds box flaps together without having to tape and re-tape over areas. It also stays down from the moment you put it on the box. You don't have to worry that it will peel off. I like to use the tape also to laminate over shipping labels to keep them on, and it works wonderfully.Scotch makes the best tape, and this shipping tape is sure to meet your most demanding shipping needs. The six-pack ensures that this will last a long time. I highly recommend this packing tape for shipping anything.I used to work for a guy who required us to wrap every square inch of a shipped package in tape. "Pack for a water landing", he would say.  He would have loved this stuff!  From the first moment you peel a length of this tape off the roll, you can feel the difference between it and ordinary packing tape.  Regular tape will tangle, fold back over, stick to itself and cause untold grief and frustration.  This tape has a thickness and stiffness to it that will eliminate all that.  I think you could dispense a pretty long piece and position it where you need it without having to fight with it at all.  Eliminating waste would likely offset any cost difference for this premium product.  It has comparable strength to strapping tape without the annoying filaments that make strapping tape impossible to cut off the roll with your teeth.  I consider this a huge plus!  I do not have a tape gun to test this in but I expect that you would need one with an excellent cutter blade due to the extra thickness of this tape.  Though the tape is thicker, it does not sacrifice much in terms of plyability so I think it would still be able to conform to any odd shaped items you needed to tape-for example if you wanted to mummify my former boss...I ship out a few boxes at least every month and sometimes much more and like to make sure they are secure with good tape.  I've tried no name brand tapes but they tear and don't stick as they should so I now will only use Scotch.  This is a good price for 6 rolls.Been shipping items for years with this tape, always make sure to press the tape to the surface being taped.Stick with the name brands, stay away from the junk from China.This tape is strong and clear and doesn't curl up. That I like. But it is very hard to use in a dispenser gun because it is difficult to tear on the blade one-handed. Instead of tearing it just pulls out more and more tape until I have a piece much longer than I need and I have to tear it manually. So pros and cons.Update a few days later: worst tape I've ever used! Yes, it is strong and clear but it REFUSES to be cut in the tape gun. Maybe it is TOO strong! I have to manually cut it every time. I won't buy this stuff.Further update after using it numerous times: I can't believe all the great reviews! Worst packing tape I've ever used, and I've used TONS over many years. I will probably end up throwing them away and not even use them up due to the troublesome nature of this tape.Nothing else compares. I used this on recycled boxes to move my library. It's more expensive, but you use less. This is seriously thick tape that sticks to just about anything and is much stronger than other domestic packing tapes on the market. One strip of this stuff is normally all you need to secure a box large enough to ship a flat screen in. My favorite thing to do with it is to reinforce those USPS flat rate envelopes that have really weeny seals. Anything you can fit in the envelope ships for a flat rate, right? Well you can get more stuff in there with one strip of this stuff and the envelope will NOT pop open.With the approach of another holiday season, having sufficient packaging tape (preferably of the "suoer strength" variety) is especially important...and appreciated. Members of our family accumulate holiday gifts throughout the year and then, shortly before or after Thanksgiving, begin to gift-wrap and package those to be shipped. This product really does offer exceptional strength and is easily applied. We will be sharing rolls with three married sons and their families who live here in Dallas. In addition to shipping purposes, we have used the tape when boxing up warm-weather clothing after removing cold-weather clothing from the same boxes. In fact, we have dozens of uses for this tape and will replenish supplies whenever needed. For the price, given what it prevents as well as what it ensures, Scotch Super Strength Packing Tape is also quite a bargain.I have been using these for over 5 years! I ship a lot of items and always use these to secure bottom and top of package. I also use these over printed addresses so that water does not damage them. I pack them at home and use these before I even step into post office or couriers. Never had issues. Highly recommend for postal, courier as well as packaging boxes for moves.I like this tape because it is thick. I wish it was a bit more sticky though. I use this for business shipping purposes.This packing tape is good heavy-duty quality and I've already used it to seal several packages for shipping. I'd recommend doing some comparison-price shopping before buying - this is one of those few products that you can sometimes find cheaper in your local stores, rather than buying it online.I thought it was me until I read the other complaints about the Scotch Super Strength Tape not sticking to packages. While this may be a very strong (labeled 20x stronger) packaging tape, it's not much good if it won't stick to the package.I had previously used an off-brand very inexpensive packaging tape and never had any problems with it not sticking. In fact the cheap tape was very sticky, so much so that if you pulled it off the package, it pulled the top layer of the cardboard with it. On the other hand, the expensive Scotch Super Strength tape pulls off any package with no problem. I am using 2-3 times as much tape (criss-crossing it) as I did with the cheap tape. So the Scotch ends up costing me 4-5 times as much. Overall a real reputation killer for Scotch brand products.I have used pretty much every tape out there (but I admit I usually buy what is on sale).  So I was drawn to this product's "Heavy Duty" and "20X Stronger" labels.  I do find it exceptionally thick and well-behaved in that it goes where I want it to and does not move around nor wrinkle very much.But this tape simply does not seem all that strongly adhesive to me. In fact, I am able to tear it off from a cardboard box quite easily with practically none of the cardboard lint coming off on the tape.In general, I look for the best adhesion at a fair price.  This is OK adhesion at a not-OK price.  Hopefully 3M can adjust its pricing in the future, in which case, I would certainly buy more of this particular tape.I buy a lot of this tape.  In the past I used to get it from Sam's Club, but Amazon.com's price is about 25% cheaper than Sam's Club on this item.This tape is a great value, no matter where you buy it from.  Cheaper, budget tapes tend to curl, get stuck to itself, or tear down the roll.  When that happens you waste a lot of time and tape.  This Scotch tape is so thick that you don't have those sorts of problems.  I use it on a heavy duty "tape gun" type hand held dispenser and it works great.  Saving the time, tape, and frustration make this tape a better value than the super thin economy stuff that you might be inclined to buy.The tape itself is strong.  To open a package sealed with it pretty much requires that you peal the tape off, or cut it at the seams with a box cutter or knife.The adhesive on this tape is adequate, and sticks to most surfaces very well (especially boxes and other shipping materials), but the stickiness of this tape is no were near as high as the strength of the tape.  It is fine on boxes, glass, itself, and other things that you are supposed to use packing tape on.  If you try to use this tape for Duct Tape type applications you will be disappointed in the lack of stickiness on some surfaces.  Wood, painted surfaces, some metals, and other non-packing material surfaces do not bond well with this tape.This tape ages well.  Both in storage and in application, this tape pretty much stays the way you leave it.  The adhesive remains the way it should, as does the tape itself.  A lot of other tapes don't store well, or loose or gain stickiness over time.  Some packing tapes can turn into a real mess after a few months in a warm attack.  This tape does not exhibit any of those problems.When shopping for packing tape, I make my selection based on what bad things it doesn't do, rather than seeking any particular 'performance' attributes.  Because this tape doesn't do any of the bad things that many other packing tapes do, I strongly recommend it.  You will find it to be a very good value.While this product is excellent in every way, there are less expensive product that will be sufficient.  If money is no object and the highest quality is what you need or want, then this your product.  Otherwise, you may want to shop around.  At the current pricing of $29 for 6 rolls, I think you can do better, and I am not sure it's worth it.This tape is great!  It is so thick, you do not have to use a plastic holder cutter thing with it.  It rarely ever splits, and there is never a problem finding the beginning of the tape roll.  The only thing that concerns me about it is, I'm not sure it clings as tight to the box as thinner tape.  But as far as I know, none of my boxes have come open after I have shipped them.  They have all arrived at their destination, with no complaints from the receivers.  I'll never go back to thinner tape again.This Scotch product is perfect for sealing packages.  It is very strong and sticks very well.  I have used it to seal packages for mailing and items I've boxed up at home.  Being clear is a great advantage.  I use it to waterproof address labels on packages by covering the label with the tape.  Not only does this waterproof the label, but it guarantees the label will not fall off.  Highly recommended product.I was very impressed with this packing tape. When I pulled off the first piece I was shocked at how thick it was. I guess I've been using cheap tape over the years.  Not only is it nice because it's so sturdy and strong, but it also doesn't fold up on itself as easily so it makes packing packages a lot easier. You don't end up spending half your time straightening the tape or unsticking it.I have no doubt my packages will make it to their destination in tact.This is a fairly strong, clear, transparent packing tape. It's sticky and you can close boxes with it. It's a little difficult to get off the roll, having a tendency to split into strands rather than come off cleanly, but that's a relatively minor inconvenience, easily solved with a knife and a straight cut across one layer of the roll.I would not recommend using this tape for the manufacture of clothing due to its transparent nature, but it would be a perfect choice if you're looking for a going-away gift for annoying neighbors.We use quite a bit of packaging tape and have tried several different brands. Generally, I've found that the really cheap stuff has a lot of memory to it and tends to curl on you while you are trying to stick it where you want it. This Scotch tape comes off the roll with practically zero memory, which makes it very easy to handle. I used to buy this 6 pack at Sam's Club but now the price here on Amazon is actually less than Sam's, and with Amazon Prime I get it delivered for free, which is awesome.Regarding stickiness, I've never experienced anything like that video reviewer with the Kleenex box in their review. They must have gotten a bad batch, or maybe that particular Amazon seller stored their inventory somewhere that wasn't climate controlled and the tape just degraded. This tape is as sticky as can be, and I've never had issues with it not being sticky enough. In fact, if I accidentally stick it somewhere on a box and try to remove the piece of tape, it takes part of the box off with it.This tape gets the job done consistently, which is why I continue to buy it.It's great tape and holds packages closed.  In my experience it's best to ship using a good tape however this product is overpriced.  I buy it to get over the free super saving threshold once in awhile.Excellent tape.  It's strong, it's sticky, and it's clear - a winning combination.  It sticks to cardboard boxes really well, and doesn't peel off like some inferior tapes do.  Also, it fit into my tape dispenser easily (but that's probably b/c of some universal size for these sorts of things).  I will use this same brand / type of tape again, especially the next time I move and need to make sure my packing boxes stay closed.  Also, I find the tape to be almost imperceptively thicker than usual, and solid enough that it doesn't snap/break if you try and break it.I recommend this product.This is the best clear packing tape I have run across, and believe me after multiple moves and packing and sending boxes I have used plenty of different types of tape.The good is that this is extremely strong and wide enough that one swipe will seal most boxes. You can also write addresses and after putting this tape over them, they will be moisture and scratch proof.The only two criticisms are, that I really prefer nylon tape for real strength; but with that said this tape was too tough for a packing tape holder/cutter I had, yet it cuts easily with scissors. My one tip in using these rolls, rather than folding the tape over, is to place a paper clip on the sticky side and you can always get the end to start taping again.So.... it's a pretty good tape to pack with and have confidence that it will hold a box together.I go through a LOT of packing tape so I thought I would give the Scotch Super Strength Packing Tape a try. Ok...well, what is there to say about tape. It sticks well. It cuts good out of the dispenser (you have to have your own dispenser as these are refill rolls). It's a little hard to get a fresh roll started, they do have a spot where you are supposed to be able to get a new roll started, but it is difficult to grab hold of that to get it started (these are not e-z start rolls). My only other complaint with this tape is that I think because it is so much thicker of a tape, it sometimes has a tendency to want to wrinkle if you don't keep it going in a perfectly straight line while laying it down. Other than that, it does what it should and I have not had any complaints yet about the tape being unstuck from a package.The reviews before mine didn't lie. This lead is junk. I have blue and red and they both break if they're more than 1 click out. I use them with a uni Kuru Toga pencil as well as a Paper-mate clear point ultra, and they brake all the time. And by all the time, I mean more than once within a sentence. (I use them for notes) Additionally, they are non-erasable, so I might as well use a red pen. Finally, for the price and how many sticks you get (about a dozen) it's not worth it. I would look for something cheaper and more disposable like real colored pencils, though the whole reason I wanted these was because I didn't want colored pencils...For best results, I keep my pencil almost perpendicular to the page and press in a sort of pendulum motion instead of a stroke. (hard to explain but it works for the most part)What to write about lead - red lead.  I use it in mechanical pencils to distinguish something I want to highlight - it works great!The lead is very soft so one cannot push hard or it breaks.  It's not a dark red and can. Be hard to see if not using on white paper. It does not erase easily, but you can erase it.  If you are in the market for a cheaper red pencil that is light in color and fragile than this is your pick.  I can't really say I have tried others.I homeschool and was going through red pens like mad!  Decided a pencil would be cheaper and work better so ordered these.  They work fine but the next time I'll probably try to get them for my 0.9 pencil.  The 0.5 lead requires that you write lightly and to get red pencils to really show on student's papers, you have to press a little harder than normal.I needed red lead and this works quite well.  Just keep in mind that the shipping is 7 times the price of the product.at a decent price.  Prefer shopping on Amazon now vs. Staples (which is too expensive).  Purchased these standard envelopes for a new office I am helping to set up.Do you ever hate to lick a lot of envelopes?  This Grip Seal is terrific.  A little more expensive, but well worth it.  You don't get that slobbery mess on the envelope, or that nasty taste on your tongue.  When then make the glue taste like scotch, I will go back to licking envelopes.I keep a box of these on hand for my own use and that of my family; they are always asking do I have any of these on hand, so I keep a box on hand to save trips to the store. As larger envelopes go, these are really the best quality, and easy to use, Slap your label on, stuff your papers in, pull the tape off the sealer and close it with its self-sealing flap. Yes, I know, now and then you want to be sure that someone does not open it except the one intended so you might take some Scotch Tape and make a double-seal. I have done that myself. But you can believe me, this is a great envelope and a good fit for regular 8.5x11 paper, it makes a good impression when received, and looks professional. I also use other Columbian products for mailing and I can tell you these are the best and at the right price.Not much to say, the paper stock is of decent quality, the stick shut seems to work. I have probably had better in that regards , other brands, but these certainly work. I usually add extra sealing tape, anyway, before mailing.  I use them for other purposes that don't require super glue stick, so that's not an issue many times.  I would buy this brand from this company againNot much to say about these, they were affordable and they're really nice. The best part about them is the great peel and stick seals so you don't need to lick them anymore! The office loves them.... or maybe the adhesive does not do so well at zero degrees F?I bought the 10 x 13 inch envelopes because in theory they hold more pages than 9 x 12 inch envelopes.  I think that is fair to expect.The problem is that the paper of the batch of envelopes that I received was so thin/weak that it ripped under the stress of having 120 pages of documents stuffed inside (even though the capacity looked to be about twice that number of pages).Then with the envelope stuffed the adhesive on the already-sealed end looked like it was starting to lift.  The grip-seal (strip-seal) did not seem to hold well.In fairness it was about zero degrees F -- many things underperform in those conditions (including people like me).  But it did not feel like I should be confident the envelope was going to make it to San Diego in one piece.I ended up reinforcing the entire envelope with clear shipping tape.  That defeats the bargain.I expected better from Mead Westvaco.  Somebody tell me I got a bad batch.Or maybe it is time to move from the frozen tundra to San Diego.I also have the3M C71 C71 Desk Drawer Organizer Of Post-it Notes Tapeflags Scoth Tapethat goes in my desk drawer, it has a similar Post-it dispenser.  But since I use a ton of Post-it notes everyday - I wanted a desktop version.  This keeps me from having tons of open post-it packs thrown all over my desk - they are always in reach.  This is dispenser is small and very convenient.  If you want to personalize it - there are design inserts to customize it.  I left mine clear.  If you use post-its I recommend this item - it is a must have.  Three people in my office have ordered them since seeing mine.this is perfect for my desk small enough and very heavy. getting one for my daughter too she loves mineI got two of these from my local Staples. Both were defective. The tabs for opening the top would not work. I actually had to search the internet to find out how they were supposed to open, as there were in instructions in the box. These came in the original packaging from 3M.Kinda retro looking on my ddesk. Goes well with the matching tape dispenser. Am I really reviewing this? Anyway, it's a post it dispenser that cost me $20. What can I say.It holds pop up notes and I use this every day. I'd say it was definitely worth it for the convenience.I was very excited to get this all in one machine.  It had all the features that I was looking for. When it printed the first test page (the one with the billiard balls), I was amazed and happy.  I researched this machine and read all the specs including estimated page counts for the print heads and ink cartridges.  Actual use comes no where near what they put in the specs.Then 1 month later I had to get more ink, no problem. Then it just kept eating ink. I have had this machine for about 1 year, and have printed less than 2,000 pages total. The ink is very expensive, and it goes through the printheads (which are more expensive than the ink) very frequently. I paid $450+ for this machine, and have already spent about $350 in ink and printheads.Plus, it has broken on me twice, and had to get it replaced.Plus, I experience the same fax problems (random error messages for no reason) that others report in these reviewsPlus, the customer support is AWFUL. And I mean awful, you will be less frustrated if you just threw your printer out the window.I bought HP because I thought its company and products were top notch.  Not the case here.I will never buy another HP Printer again.As a matter of fact, I am thinking of ditching this one because of the expense of mainenance. For the $350 it will cost me next year to maintain it, I may be better off buying a different printer.I recently purchased this printer after reading favorable reviews in PC publications.  I was mainly interested in photo printing but wanted more versatility in order to reduce the clutter on an already overloaded desktop.  I've been nothing but impressed with the printer since taking it out of the box.Setup was easy, although the steps are in an unusual order compared to other printers/peripherals that I've installed in the past - pay attention to the setup poster.It prints beautiful photos with vivid color and crisp detail.  However, the speed has been the pleasant surprise:  I typically print a 4x6 at the highest resolution in about a minute and an 8x10 in under four.  Plain paper printing is also very good for everyday documents.The copier, scanner and fax functionalities all work as they should.  An intuitive control panel and LCD display make every function very easy to use.  The bundled software also allows control from your PC console and it's one of the nicer ones that I've seen (i.e. you can program your fax numbers from the PC rather than the printer's keypad and can even instantly import information from Outlook).The gripes that I have are minor compared to the output that this machine produces.  First, it is a very big printer - the pictures don't do it justice.  Second, it jerks back and forth while printing enough to cause minor vibrations in my desk.  I recommend figuring a way to put it on its own dedicated printer cart.  Third, for the price, it would have been nice to have the second paper tray thrown into the deal - every now and then I waste a piece or two of photo paper on the grocery list because I forgot to swap out the paper.To recap,PROS*  Excellent print quality for both photos and documents*  Print speed*  Ease of useCONS*  Bulky unit doesn't belong on most desktops*  High price doesn't include some extras that it shouldWe use this in our home as our primary printer, digital camera card reader, copier, fax, and color scanner.  The auto page feeder is incredible and it prints on both sides.  It even prints 2 to 12 reduced pages on the same page if you like!  The print quality is great and the versatility of the unit was a great surprise for us.  Features we really like:&gt; Double-sided feeder and printing&gt; Reads digital camera cards and prints a proof sheet that you scan back in to print your photos&gt; Large range for reducing and enlarging&gt; Walk-up copying&gt; Scan to a number of packages on your PC.  Select which package from the on-printer menu or from the desktop&gt; Set deafult print, copy, scan, photo options on the desktop&gt; Copies photos to a directory of your choice&gt; Great faxing options with auto-detect / auto-answer&gt; Great power-save mode (power-save mode stays on when you print!)&gt; Accepts HP JetDirect for networkingGreat stuff for the price!Found out after I unwrapped everything that this printer doesn't work with Windows 2000 :(It's for Windoes XP and Macs (not sure which one)only after calling support.What a waste of time.In 6 months and less than 6,000 copies have had to have unit replaced by HP (with refurbished units) twice.  Frequent print head failure which is expensive to replace.  Ink very expensive and goes quickly.  Officejet is supplied with base level Iris software so it cannot print multiple copies of documents with a table or an embedded image. Can only print one page at a time.Scanning is excellent both in speed and quality.  Copy quality is outstanding and speed is very good.  For straight color printing cost per page is much lower for color laserjets from HP or Minolta.There does not seem to be a great deal one can say about a plain white envelope. They arrived in perfect condition, look good and do their job; what more can one say about a plain white envelope?The box they came in is sturdy enough to withstand the rigors of storage and should protect the unused envelopes until they are used. Moisture must be applied for sealing but there are many simple ways to deal with that; I don't see that as a problem.I think they represent a good value and will probably order them again when we run out.These envelopes are /heavy/. They're not like the flimsy sort you usually get in bulk packages. They are also quite sturdy enough to swim through the laser printer and get the address info on them. I'll be buying a new set when they run out.Good quality envelopes for mailing bills or keeping up correspondence.  For people who enjoy sending some actual written compositions by &#34;Snail Mail&#34;.I was disappointed in these.  They are very thin paper and VERY see through.Great price.  The quality is fine.  They look professional.  Nice to have this many on hand so you don't need to worry about buying more for quite a while.I love color! This is a nice, bright pink, light enough to make copies on and still have them be readable. Nice weight of paper, tooThis ream of paper was so reasonable compared to the warehouse supply stores.  It is just like advertised.  Definitely not stationary, but good quality for the weight as advertised.  We used it to make some brochures.Very happy with this paper. It is exactly what I was looking for. It has all of the colors I needed for my project. It's white, (not ivory) it has dots of red, yellow, blue, maybe even green. The red, yellow, and blue was just what I needed. I could not have been more excited to find it on Amazon! Thank you!I've bought this brand before.  Costco has it for much less though.  After switching printers I found the old card stock wouldn't go through so I purchased this weight and it works fine.  Good color too.Black paper is back baby!  It had practically disappeared for a decade, almost impossible to find and expensive.  Gel pens are better now.  Great paper!This stock is a good value for the color stock. very heavy duty stock and cant see through it. warning, make Shure you have it shipped write or it will bee bent up. packaging is not great. but this is a good value and good stock.This paper is fine and the only reason it didn't get 5 stars is the price which is okay but not great.I was looking for a ream of paper via Prime to use as a monitor riser. I purchased this because of the dark wrapping. Naturally what arrived was a bright orange ream of paper, but with blue paper. Guess I now have to find some solid black construction paper with which to wrap it. Still, Prime delivery for a paper ream, $9.48 was a great deal.Great paper at a great price!!! Much cheaper than those office stores. This was great for the kids science projects. No more cutting and gluing white paper on colored paper for the display. Just print on this and glue on!!! So easy now!!!Pretty red paper.  Lots of pretty red paper.  I'm using it for holiday CD labels and I'm too lazy to drive to the store.  It's exactly what I wanted!Love the pink. :) And the price of this color seems to be competitively priced, so that was good too.I've used this 24 LB PURPLE PAPER from Wausau Paper quite often in newsletters, program inserts, flyers, etc. It's not a very deep purple, but it is purple. I have seen some purple paper that when when printed upon, the writing is ineligible. That's not the case with this paper. Also, this is 24 lb paper so it's a bit thicker than the usual copy paper. The heavier weight makes it easier to use in duplicating machines. Oh, and the actual name of the color of this paper is "planetary purple".I have lots of  papers from projects, work manuals, conference binders, and other handouts. I use these binder rings to hold the pages together so that it takes up less space during storage instead of collecting chunky binders.I also sometimes use these with clear plasticWilson Jones Top-Loading Heavy Weight Sheet Protector, 100-Count, Clear (W21411)as a way to organize my stacks of papers that I'm working on.My friends use it to hold index cards together (flashcards or notecards).Besides paper, I use it to link objects together.I love these book rings.  They come in handy for so many different things.  This item would be so much better if the distributer sold a box of 100 rings in several different sizes.My wife ordered these key rings for her craft class and what a price for 100 key rings  only Amazon can make a offer like thisThese were just what I needed for my Altered Books. Couldn't find them anywhere and once again Amazon came to the rescue!The price (under $10) is a great value for 100 rings.  I've so far only ran into one that wouldn't open, the rest have been great and worked perfectly!  Thanks for a great product!I like to make personal calenders using thick paper and these are a great option for holding the paper together. I can't staple them because they are too thick & I need to put a different page on the cover monthly and this product handles it well.Homemade more flexible binders is what my daughter wanted so i bought these. Over all they are great we both like them but we have run into a few that dont open so well but in my mind 4 out of 50 is not a bad thing. Price is great and the product is worth it.Rings are sturdy.  Same as any bought at walmart.  Except I bought these because I couldn't find a pack at walmart of JUST 1&#34; rings in bulk quantity.  I would buy these again!If you are trying to learn something, it never hurts to have a set of flash cards in your purse, gym bag, or desk. Affixing flash cards to book rings enables them to be easily flipped and keeps them together.  These rings are bigger than the pre-packaged index cards with rings that you might find at the store (Index Cards Ringdex,w/Removable,Poly Tab,3"x5", (MEA63072) Category: Index Cards and Index Card Boxes).  I did find that the rings opened a little more easily than I thought they would.  For that reason, I placed two rings on every flash card set to ensure that my flash cards did not tumble to the ground and become jumbled.  I will likely buy a smaller ring size for my next purchase.  Still, this is a good product.Good value for 100 rings. Seem to be durable and close nicely. I use these for binding journals and will probably use some for keychains as well.I make a lot of mini scrapbooks and although I have a Bind-It-All, for the fatter (well-embellished) books I need something bigger that won't bend under the pressure of many heavy pages.  I was accustomed to buying book rings at scrapbook stores that have brushed copper or other finishes (such as the 7 gypsies rings), but I was paying the same price for four rings that I did for this entire box.  When I found this on Amazon, I felt like I'd hit pay dirt!The cost of just one scrapbook can range from $20 to $75 depending on the materials you use, so I try to cut corners without cutting quality as much as I can.  In this case, I'm saving a lot and still getting great quality binder rings (although when I do a vintage mini book, I really load up the ribbons to tone down the shiny nickel finish).This box arrived in perfect condition, unlike the box of 3" rings I purchased.  They had been shipped in a padded envelope and the box was crushed flat.  Very happy to find this economical option.These envelopes were about 1/3 the price for the same thing at local office supply stores.  They are good envelopes and I would have bought again but they were out of stock.Was always needing a business size envelpoe to use in business matters when a envelope was not suppied. I really likes the idea that they came in a box of 100. Not only so I use them for business but also for personal  letter writing. So nice to be able to NOT fold my page up into a smaller insert. Makes it easier to read the page without so many folds. ThanksThey're envelopes.  They work.  They're white.  They get sticky when you lick the seal.  No problems.  I'm not sure I've ever seen a bad envelope.  These are your typical standard envelopes.Good quality envelopes and there is nothing wrong with them at all. If you need envelopes they will work just fine.Envelopes are the holders of love letters, notices of inheritance, birthday cards and beautiful pictures of families at Christmas time.Too usual, I thought, when one was delivered into my life. Insipidly white, without so much as the adorning blue speckled lining used when mailing things of discretion, these pretended to portend nothing more than a letter. All my uncles were either poor or healthy, and none were with the kind of fondness required to entreat me to riches upon their earthly demise.These simple #10 envelopes carry the most ordinary contents. Mine, the one sent to me, carried one piece of paper, a news clipping. A friend from years back sent it to me. His address was written in a sharp India ink in the top left corner, with his initials, PS. My name and address was written in blue, slightly to the right of center. There was no note. None was needed. The clipping was curse enough.The clipping was short. She was married, it said, to an otherwise good man, in early October amidst the autumn colors in a church just south of where I used to live. I don't remember his name. Hers is emblazoned on my soul.Why I left that town I cannot say. Why she stayed I never knew. What remains is space between us and in my heart, neither of which can be reduced by returning there. The church I knew well, finding there once the solace of quiet and of God. I have not found such peace since.Offered here are 100 envelopes. The seal is not always secure, and the box does not always close neatly, small features for some, but missing that five-star quality. Suitable for office needs, and better used as such than for mailing newspaper clippings of lost loves to old friends who will sit and mumble and muse about how empty the envelope now feels.--BrockeimCame as described and before its shipping estimated date. I use it for the home office so the amount of envelopes is perfect for me. Thanks!These are standard envelopes that work just as one would expect they should. The only thing that they could have added is a tear-off sticker that reveals the sealing glue. Instead, I have to lick the sealing glue in order to get the envelope cover to stick to the envelope body.Great product. No issues. Does it's job.  I use this product at my home office.  Would recommend to a friend!These envelopes have worked out well. I have not encountered any problems with them. Would recommend this item to others.These are really nice envelopes for the price. I normally buy business envelopes at the local discount store. But they were out of this size last time I needed them, so I checked out Amazon. Found these and for the price and quantity, I decided to order them. They are better quality that what I normally buy. Good security paper, good glue, nice paper weight, great price. I plan to buy these again the next time I need envelopes other wise just very satisfied.These envelopes just came and I am not thrilled with them. I was hoping they would be better than the ones I've been paying big bucks for from Staples. I guess once again you get what you pay for. I send at least 50 pieces of mail a week trading ATCs with other artists and I use a lot of envelopes. The biggest failure of the post office is an envelope that isn't stuck shut at the top corners because it catches in the machines and rips open. These envelopes only have glue about partway up the flap so I will have to use a lot of tape to get these shut securely. Bummer.Be aware, that thing doesn't have self adhesive. it is a bad thing to have to use your lips or tongue to sealed it! and it is a bad too to use external source of adhesive tap each time u use it. avoid and seek the ones with self adhesiveI do a lot of letter writing and other correspondence.  These envelopes fit the bill--good quality, great price, the glue works--what more can we ask of the poor envelope?Not much you can really say about an envelope other than it performs the way you need and expect it to do.  Decent pricing, and a nice weighty paper.These are some good envelops. I don't know what else to really say.. They seal fine with the included glue on them.Love to have these on hand.  Very good quality and now i never have to run out.  What else can i want?Thes white envelopes. Are just what the Docror ordered. They are a brillant white paper, with a strong construction. They are Legal sized so any document folded properly will go inside nicely. The only drawback I found with these envelopes? Isa that they are NOT privacey Guard envelopes. Which means they are not shadfed on the inside. But this can be fixed simply by folding your documents with the back side of your paper showing to the inside edgees of the envelope.  They were shipped fast and packaed very well. 100 Count is more than likely more than I will ever use. But this is ok.  At least I know I have them when I need them.  And a Great Bargin too here at Amazon.com where the Whole World shops for Value..That's a good one ,i save some money at the post office ,.very nice very useful ,if you like me spent a lot of letter ,get this oneI don't send a whole lot of mail, but when I do it tends to be pretty overloaded. Folded up sheets of documents, stuffed-in bookmarks and trinkets, and other things that tend to play havoc with the standard glue seals. Oftentimes thinner envelopes won't even close on account of the bulges.These envelopes are strong enough and have enough room to fit anything I've thrown into one so far. They seal perfectly fine- I haven't had any issues, contrary to what some reviewers claimed.The envelopes themselves are thick enough that I'd trust them for important forms and correspondence. Overall, they work great and I don't see any need to get anything pricier.I'm your binder full of women,I'm your weekly foot in mouth,I can help you get elected,or make your ratings go due south.Keep your women in my bindings,we all know where they belong,bedroom kitchen having babies,equal rights is just so wrong.I'm your binder full of women,I speak volumes on your thoughts,I keep women in my bindings,because I want to be the boss.The way the binder opens is effortless and simple.  Extra pockets help manage documents, but I got the dividers also as I needed them for french class.  Made in mexico for reference.I got this to help me organize an inventory of my craft Room.  I am  Very pleased with the service I have gotten.  Thank You Very MuchAvery's Heavy Duty Binder is a very nice binder that comes with a thick presentation sleeve cover, presentation spine & even presentation back cover.  It has 4 (2 front, 2 back) vinyl slide pockets inside & a fold open style (rings are not part of the spine - are attached to the back cover making the materials inside stay flat when opening the binder).Avery touts its One Touch EZD Ring (for extra capacity).  The one touch works well and is a nice feature, however, is remains unknown whether the one touch will hold up to multiple open/close.  The back up, of course, is to simply manually open the rings by pulling on them. The ring layout (rings attached to back cover rather than spine), along with the shape of the ring (D-ish versus circle) allows the binder to hold more paper.The other features Avery emphasizes are:Gap Free GuaranteedSmooth Page TurningDividers won't stick outNo print transfer, non-stick materialCover material is PVC freeOverall, a very nice binder.  If it fits within your needs and budget, consider ordering this item and you'll be happy with the product.I purchased one of these as a temporary place to store small art prints and drawings and it fits the bill nicely. It's a bit thicker than I expected, but I appreciate the tilted ring (I didn't want the pages to get caught in the little spaces in front of and behind the binder rings and get marred) and the thicker quality.I love that the binder requires no wrangling with the actual metal bits to get it open and closed- there's a little mechanism on the bottom that you snap open and shut. A nice feature, especially since I have very unhappy memories of being a little kid and either getting my fingers caught in binders or having them snap shut "out of joint" and never working properly again.My only bone to pick is that the plastic pocket in the back of the binder was torn on arrival. Since this is just temporary storage and not for presentation or heavy-duty use, that was fine, but if you are looking to get these for important presentations where details matter or for a LOT of use, you might want to keep that in mind.These binders are great but mine arrived without one single woman in it! I wonder if those women in Mitt's binders are the ones who held jobs Mitt/Bain sent overseas, Mitt's banking buddies foreclosed on their homes and his Wall Street buddies took their pensions and other savings so they have no place to live other than a binder? A binder, no less, that they can not even afford for themselves but have to live in one owned by a top 1% male? The binders are just full of those women that are not good at fiscal/financial responsibility and have to have housing provided for them because they can not protect their assets and themselves from being taken and controlled by the top 1%. They were tricked into having their attention focused on protecting $10 from going to vets for food and grandma for medicine while their homes and savings were being stolen. The difference between classes just keeps getting wider.  Romney hopes someday to have 99% of all people in his binders.I have been an Amazon customer for a number of years now, but just recently began ordering office supplies and wonder why I waited so long.  These binders are perfect for my needs as I print and file a lot of data using sheet protectors in binders.  I use the 3-inch and 1.5 inch binders and use the front view and spine view for labeling each binder and use the interior pockets too.  I appreciate being able to order quality binders in quanity at a fair price and with fast delivery too!this is really really HEAVY_DUTY. so i don't use it for normal class, normally just use it for storing pages. very good item.Works for all your needs. I use it to store my Pokemon cards and I'm 40. Gotta catch them all!!!I find these binders very sturdy and useful in organizing my bill paying files, recipes, poetry, and such.  There will be odds and ends of articles and information found on the Internet which I want to keep and those will go in these binders, too.The design is all wrong!  If you want to go from page 1 to page 35 or page 50 or page 100, be prepared not to pop the hinges and mess up the whole binder.  Just horrid and I wish I had returned while I still could.  Got a 3&#34; from OfficeMax that has ROUND hinges and no problems...  Extreme couponer.  esdwI normally wouldn't spend this much on a binder, but I needed a new binder to put my recipes in, and the old one I had was beat up.  This one is really nice and heavy-duty!  It has nice, thick covers, and what I love about the EZD ring is that it doesn't crunch the papers at the back of the binder.This would also be a good option if you have a child who is tough on their binders since it seems like it should up pretty well under the rigor of putting it in and out of a backpack.I bought this for over 8 dollars and then found others for half of the price.  It is overpriced for what I am using it for.  I will purchase the lesser priced one next time.I keep all my teaching materials in 3 ring binders for quick reference. The price on these binders is much less than I can get them locally. I highly recommend this item.My son has had binders fail on him within a week.  Dollar store binders and Walmart quality are not for him.  I bought him this Avery binder.  He throws everything in it, lugs it all over the place.  It gets heavy usage.  Seven months later, it's still in one piece.  There are no tears and the rings are still aligned.  He gives it a thumbs up.First of all the Heavy Duty One Touch EZD folder came with  clear instructions on how and why to use it. What are they? They are sets of folders, Avery Clear label Index marker Dividers. It comes with Easy Apply Label Strips that save time by allowing the user to label all dividers at once. The Label Strips  have improved Print Quality and much easier to peel and align on the divider tabs. The templates are also improved, they say, which are available at [...] which makes is easy to create and customize the dividers.You can go to their website  ( [...] ) and once there you can download their Easy Apply Templates, and instruction are clearly laid out in a sheet enclosed with each packet. You can download a Word template for most of your needs as many sets as you like. You can test print on enclosed practice sheets or other papers of your own.There are five simple steps to making multiple Easy Apply Label strips.. very has four free ways to do the job correctly, Avery Templates, Avery Wizard Avery Design & Print Online, and very Design Pro for both Mac and PC.On the folder Heavy Duty Avery Folder they have  installed  heavy metallic binders which they call "D" Rings, are not rings at all, but allow maximum capacity because of their wide semi-oval shape. Personally I use them for my statistics from my sports days and my game playing . I love them and plan to buy some more. Try them, you will like them and can probably think of jillions of personal and professional uses.PS: They are PVC Free!And the Binder is 100% recycled material and 80% "post consumer waste."This is the main binder that I buy now because it is easy to open with EZD ring and fairly strong. I bought this size for my taxes since you need to save several years. Sometimes the plastic outside will pick up small stains. I like using the inside slots for important papers I may need soon.I am a college student and needed a larger binder for all of my PowerPoint slides.  The binder is very durable and are hard to find locally.Perfect size for my schooling needs. Easy open to insert papers and such. Got for a good price so I'm happy!I love being able to get the same product that I would get in the store without using gas or going out in the heat.This binder is of great quality.  The D rings are especially impressive, opening easily with a lever at the bottom and closing very securely due to a small pin on one side that fits into a depression on the other. This keeps paper from slipping through the "crack" between the rings with the binder is very full.  Many binders I have tried to use clear photo storage sheets with will catch on the rings where they divide when turning. Not with this binder.Two pockets on inside front and back, clear insert areas on front and back cover and along spine.If you are tired of stuff falling out of your giant binders, this is the one for you.This 4" folder was purchased due to an online course that required a lot of printed material. The pages are easy to turn because the gap free rings don't separate like the cheaper folders. The One Touch mechanism lets you easily open and close the rings. The folder is completely full and has been very durable. If I needed another 4" folder, this is the one I would purchase.My husband likes me where he can find me so this Avery Binder is a good solution. The nonstick feature is helpful because it can get very crowded in the binder and some of my sister sortees can get kind of messy what with all their kids in here as well. Enduring the three hole punch was painful but I know that staying alphabetized helps me be a better, happier and more productive wife.Always a quality binder that withstands heavy use throughout the years.  I would recommend this Avery binder for office or home use.I am very pleased with these envelopes.  I was looking for the following combination of features (1) self sealing, (2) security marks on the inside, (3) sturdy with good thickness, (4) good price per envelope.  This is exactly what I got in this product.I am attaching a collage of two photos. Photo #1 shows the envelope opened so you can see the security markings on the inside of the envelope.Photo #2 shows the grip-seal being lifted.Grip seal works well, I do not have to re-tape with scotch tape.  The security markings prevent the writing being seen through the envelope if you look at the envelope in regular lighting situation.  However, be aware that if you look through the envelope by bringing it to a light source you can still see the letters and numbers on a piece of paper inside of the envelope despite the security markings.Overall, I am pleased with the envelopes and would buy them again.Ali Julia reviewNice heavy duty security envelope that has a self sealing edge and does exactly what it is advertised to do.No complaints.  They are the correct size with the peel off paper to reveal the sticky part and they've got the printing on the inside for security.  We're happy!get into this box of envelopes.  One of the main reasons I purchased these envelopes is they are manufactured in the United States of America and I like the self-adhesive and security markings on the inside.  I do not believe I will be disappointed.Ok I hate to write negative reviews but these envelopes have very poor glue on the peel and stick side. I'm putting a piece of scotch tape on everything to make sure they stay shut which kind of defeats the purpose of buying &#34;Grip-Seal&#34; which don't really grip that well.I was hesitant at first ordering self-adhering envelopes online because I wasnt sure how sticky they would be or if they were left in a warehouse and the stickyness would have diminished. But no complaints here! I love not having to lick all the envelopes anymore, just pull and press and its sealed perfectly. The are a great, bright white color.Well, they're envelops that you don't have to lick. Good quality and should hold up to the wear and tear they'll get as they go through all the machines and hands at the post office facilities!While these are good envelopes, as envelopes -- the seal is reasonably good, and they are generously sized -- the security tint on the batch I had was too weak to be useful. I could pretty easily read what was inside the envelopes by holding them up to a light, which defeats the purpose. So I will rate them good as envelopes and lousy as security-tinted envelopes. Of course your experience may vary -- maybe they use more or darker ink on other batches.This stainless steel ruler has been near or on my desk for several years. The cork backing helps protect the desk from scratches. Good straightedge not only for measuring, but for the occasional impromptu paper trimming jobs (which my desk edge can't do because of its rounded edge).This has stood the test of both regular use and being stashed in drawer with little regard; the markings have remained store-fresh.Nice ruler, especially at the current pricing; you can't get out of an upscale coffee shop for twice what this costs:-)It does exactly as you would expect it would, built to take a nuclear explosion, but just a couple of tads over priced.My 11-year-old daughter was getting burned out on plastic rulers that slipped and broke. I bought her this because 18 inches is long enough for almost any craft project she does, she can cut against the edge, and its very easy to make accurate measurements. The lines are finely engraved and filled with black paint, making them quite visible and easy to measure or cut against. For extremely accurate measurements, use an xacto knife perpendicular to the ruler to cut a short line on the piece. Just pivot the xacto blade in the engraved lines on the ruler. When you cut or slide a scribe or pencil to these cuts, you can feel them.Great value, great performance, five stars.For an engineers' homework this thing works perfect, I carry it around in a little pencil holder and have used it many times. Reason for 4 stars: the ruling starts about ~1mm from the end of the ruler making it impossible to butt measurements.My kid is pretty rough on his school supplies something every parent knows , so I figured getting him this solid metal one would last it's metal on 1 side but wood on the other so yes it had a short lifespan it's so-soPerfect for what I needed - something compact to keep in a notebook and use to draw charts/tables. Ruler is somewhat flexible and could be bent using enough force, but likely will not bend if stored properly. The cork base helps out nicely when sliding or moving.Many folks mentioned that the ruler doesn't start at zero, meaning that the ruler's edge and the 0 tick mark are not in the same place. Zoom in on the image to see this. Personally this is not a problem, and it is still sufficient to measure objects. There are other gripes, but consider that this ruler is an add-on for less than $3.The non-slip cork base really make this an awesome ruler.  It's easy to read lettering combined with accurate markings make this a no-brainer purchase!I don't know why steel rules aren't more popular. The problem with plastic rules is that they can get broken or the edges get dented. Steel doesn't, and it lasts for ever. I have several steel rulers and they keep their edges for years.Mine doesn't break or warp and it's the only ruler I use. Plus, I often need to cut paper with an craft knife and a steel ruler is the only kind you can use for that kind of work. Spend a little more, get a steel ruler and it can literally last you for ever.Product arrived in the condition and of a quality that I expected. I love the cork backing and stability of the stainless steel.I bought this because I need to cut cardboard and paper with a metal straight edge and knife, and my wooden ruler isn't quite up to the task.This thing is more than sufficient though. I haven't had any slippage problems, even when using only paper and cardboard under it. Though there's this annoyingly difficult to remove UPC sticker in the middle of the cork underside, it hasn't caused any slippage problems so I haven't even bothered to remove it and don't see any reason to.It's just a metal ruler, but it's less expensive than other ones of the same length and works just as well. If the metal were thicker then perhaps it would better resist accidental damage from bending, but since I'm the only one who uses it I'm not worried about it. About the only reason to spend more for a heavier ruler would be if it were being used by random people in a semi-public area all the time where it's more likely to be subject to abuse. Even in that situation though this thing would probably stand up just fine.Simple little ruler I keep all over the house.  I measure a lot of things in my jewelry business and I also keep this next to my computer so when I see dimensions on a product, I can get a visual of what the size is.  I lost a few somehow so time to order more.I have had a metal ruler for many years, and always loved it, but as times have changed I needed one with millimeters. This has inches and millimeters, so conversion is easy. I also find that 18 inches is also handy, as 2 lengths equal a yard, without having to have a long yard stick.I dislike intensely rulers that don't start at zero.  This one has about 1/8" at either end before the measurements start.  I guess this is just a lazy way of making rulers to low tolerances.  The model it relaced "R590-15 was exactly 15" long and started and ended on the mark.  Just can't see this with the picture, so I ordered it without knowing this.This stainless steel ruler is strong, accurate, and will last a long time.  It has a cork bottom to prevent it from scratching delicate surfaces.  The price was very fair.i use this ruler with my craft knife and its great.  the ruler does not slide around like alot of them do.  and you cant knick it up like the plastic rulers.  i have alot of rulers and use them for different things.  i really like this one.  it is also nice and light.The ruler arrived without damage.  It looks straight.  The printed graduations probably will rub out soon, per other reviews.  For the price, useful.First off, I got this ruler not to measure things but to act as a straight-edge. I don't measure things with rulers; I have measuring tape for that. This was the cheapest metal ruler over 1' long that I could find, and I use it to cut out straight stenciled parts (mainly plastic, vinyl, and paper).I needed something over a foot long, but not a full-up yard or meter stick. I also needed something that wouldn't slide around on a smooth surface. It also had to be reasonably tough so it doesn't get nicked or cut when I put a razor blade to it. This fulfills all those points, and it did it for less than $4. I really have no complaints.I can see what others are saying about the lines not being engraved and possibly rubbing off, but quite frankly- I don't care (for the record though- they haven't yet on mine). If you do, this might not suit your needs, but it works just fine if you need a cheap, lightweight, non-slip straight guide.I bought many manufactures paper to use for my Brother Laser Printer and this product (Xerox) is far superior to any other bar none. I never have any jams in my printer.Paper works OK im my printer.. It curls the paper when a lot of ink is on it. Otherwise, it's fine.Hard to really rate basic copy paper but it came as promised, shipping wasn't as quick as I'd hoped but other than that was great.I recently bought a new printer and I tried this paper to go along with it. I am very impressed. In fact, this multipurpose 92 brightness paper by Xerox gives you something to sing about! I use this paper with my inkjet printers; and I can use it to make signs to tape to my front door indicating to delivery people which doorbell to ring!The paper is not expensive for all the ten reams that you get; and it almost never jams in my printer at home. Nevertheless, I always fan the paper to make sure that it doesn't jam. After I fan the paper to make sure two pieces of paper aren't stuck to each other, then I place it in my inkjet printer.In addition, this paper can also be used in laser printers, copiers and plain paper fax machine. Each page is a clean cut 8  inches by 11 inches. Great!This paper never "goes stale," so stock up on it if you can catch a sale on it. Moreover, this is excellent paper that avoids ink from smearing as it is printed on the page. It stores particularly well in the heavy duty, thick cardboard box in which it comes. Great!We thought our HP Photosmart printer ink was the cause of the ink smearing when wet, but were pleasantly surprised when that problem went away with this paper.  This is good high quality paper.  The only issue I have is that the paper in some of the reams is slightly bent in the corners, a result of carelessness during handling and delivery of the paper.My spouse has a handmade wooden pen and these fit perfectly. I'm always borrowing it when I write a letter since it writes so beautifully.I bought a refill from Staples that wasn't a Cross, and it didn't write like when the pen was new. So, I ordered this two pack, and the world is right again.There are a number of brands that make similar refills, and I don't know if they are all made by a single source and given different brand names, or what. But for me, shying away from the Cross brand didn't work out too good.These refills are perfect for the fine Cross ballpoint pen. They are genuine Cross brand, very good writing quality, and at a very competitive priceThese are perfect for those pens you get for gifts and don't want to throw away, but have no ink or the ink is used up.And getting two per card is a great idea because we got a pen set and it worked nicely without having to buy two refills separately.I've been a happy Cross user for over fifty years.  I'm retired now but still use this old reliable tool from my professional days.During my three decades teaching school, I tried every brand and style of pen I could afford. I learned if it's not a Cross, I'll use a pencil! It's always good to have a refill handy and this is the one to buy.Cross has been the maker of fine writing instruments for decades. So what happened to the quality of their refills? I purchased a fine-point two-pack for the twist pen expecting exceptional quality, and what I get is a refill that blobs ink all over my document. I guess I'll retire my Cross pen. I get better performance from a Pilot G2 Extra fine point gel pen - two for under $3.This was just want I wanted. I could not find it in the store I shop at so I was so pleased to find it on Amazon.These were easy to use with Microsoft's &#34;print envelopes&#34; function that includes the printing of shipping labels. I actually used this product to make DIY gift tags and bookplates, and not for shipping. I could not be happier with these!We make our own wine and like to design labels to give to family and friends and these are perfect!  They are much cheaper than the fancier curved labels that are meant for bottles.  My only complaint is that I have trouble aligning the labels exactly because I print them with a image on them that runs to the edges, but I am not faulting the labels as it is probably more of an issue with my printer.  To solve this problem I just use a paper cutter to trim a sliver off if needed.  But all in all, the color comes out great and the adhesive is great but not too difficult to remove if we want to reuse the bottle.  In a moment of cheap-ness, I ordered a pack of the generics off of Amazon and they are horrible - they smear and do not print clearly.  Definitely worth the money to buy the Avery.  The cheap ones might be fine for text but if you want them to actually look nice, these are the way to go!We've been using these 8164 mailing labels for several years on shipping boxes and padded envelopes and are absolutely satisfied with them.  They've always been easy to print - NEVER had a sheet of these labels jam or peel off in the printer (like some other brands).  The whiteness is excellent (a 97 brightness factor?) so that the colored logo we print on the label looks good.  We never had any of these labels peel off a package  - even partially. Once they're on, they stay stuck.The downloaded Avery template for these labels is a little tricky to set up initially, but once it's done you can save it and then easily change names and addresses for new mailings without any problem.I always use Avery labels as they are referenced in my HP and Canon MX892 printers and work without a flaw.  There is a good variety of sizes and the quality is consistent throughout the pack.  Highly recommended.Labels are thick and strong. Adhere well but are also easy to peel off if necessary and don't leave that sticky residue. I like these medium size labels to make shipping labels, thank you & other stickers, to label my storage bins and for labeling storage boxes. When I write on them with permanent black markers it doesn't seep through. Can't think of anything negative about them.I don't have any problems with them. And they stick well, no peeling or curling. They work well. Very happy.Very satisfied with these clear inkjet labels.  They seem much easier to remove from the backing than the off-brand I previously bought.My work switched from the Swingline to the Boston stapler, but I kept my Swingline stapler because it didn't bind up as much, and I kept the staples for the Swingline stapler and it's not okay because if they take my stapler then I'll set the building on fire...How many times did I lose my indistinct, black, regulation stapler? I lost count. How many times did I notice that there were 2 or three, indistinct, black, regulation staplers on my desk and I had no idea were they came from? I lost count.It can't be so with a distinct, red, well-designed stapler such as this one. Everyone now knows that the red stapler is mine and I know that none of the black, boring staplers are mine. Life used to be good then. Life is better than good now. :)Note to the makers: please look into making a red staple remover because theSwingline(R) 100 Deluxe Staple Removeris only available in regulation Black.First impression I had when I held this stapler...SOLID build.If you want good traditional stapler built the old-fashioned way then this stapler is hard to beat.There is nothing much to add.  You open the stapler, place the staples, close and use.The difference is quality.  I used many staplers at my work place.  Most of them were cheap kind and it showed.  They never last long and required more strength to staple papers or worse it will not staple properly.Conversely, when I tried Swingline Collectors Edition, I was amazed how smoothly the stapler worked in stapling the papers.  The pressure required to staple papers is relatively light which means less stress on your wrist.In closing, I initially hesitated buying this stapler because of the &#34;higher&#34; price.  After using it though I am so glad I purchased it.I chose this for the appearance and was not disappointed.First, I found that this make and model of stapler was the highest rated on Amazon. The one with the most reviews was actually red, which I didn't care for. I saw a black one which I was about to get until I saw the chrome option. It was a few dollars more but totally worth it. It's a sharp looking stapler. I never looked at staplers before, never 'admired' them, but I find myself noticing how good it looks a lot. That being said...it is a smudge magnet. It's almost like a mirror you could see your reflection in, and thus fingerprint smudges show up.It opens all the way up, 180 degrees, so you can have the versatility to staple something to a wall, for example.If I had really high volume stapling needs, if many people were using my stapler frequently throughout the day, I would go with one of the more techie staplers. But for putting on a desk, this looks great, and it's perfectly capable for the stapling needs of an average office worker.Well if you like the movie Office Space then this is a good choice.  Too bad all Swinglines are made in China now.  Not like the good old days.  The quality is decent however mine had a few small paint chips on the hinge side but it's not really noticeable, even when using.  This thing has some heft like the old Swinglines did.  The logo insert on the top appears to be plastic or perhaps aluminum, which gives it a slightly cheaper feel.  Stapling so far is flawless, no bent or missed staples.  Pretty expensive but I suppose that's due to the movie association.  There are cheaper Swingline alternatives.This stapler, even though it's made in China, feels high quality. It has a good rubber base and feels like it has a very good build quality because of the weight and "operational smoothness". I also like the red color. I don't think you could get a much better manual stapler. Highly recommended. NOTE: Does not come with staples.After sitting in the same cube for seven years and most people not even knowing I work here. I was presented with this item. It functions quite well and has significants beyond functional and aesthetic.It takes up little "Office Space" however I have noticed my boss eyeing it.I started looking for a new stapler after I was given a vintage one that just was too small for my hands. I've never had to think about the ergonomics of a stapler, but apparently it's something to think about. This stapler is comfortable for me to use and looks pretty on my desk in my home office. I've only used it for about a month, but so far it's smooth sailing. This is a safe bet for adding a little cheer to an office space . Now I just wish they offered more colors!Come on really -- after you used it for awhile it binds?!? Who cares it the RED stapler for God's sake. After the movie came out there was an entire economy of grey market red staplers on ebay. Now you can get the official thing, which did not exist at the time of the filming of Office Space. Just get it, and tell your wife if she doesn't let you, you could burn this place to the ground.does not work at all  not work at alldoes not work at all cant tell u what the problem is I mean its a friggen stapler and I thought paying more money would guarentee something that worked --now I will have to use the one my mom swiped from work -It works plus has her name written on it so I will have to watch my ps and qs.This Swingline "Rio Red Business Stapler" is very sturdy and well made, making this one of the better quality staplers I have used in long time. This is a good looking stapler and the bright red color makes it easy to find on my cluttered desk.The heavy weight of this stapler helps it to perform perfectly and it easily handled the eighteen page report I tested it on.Highly Recommended!CFHI received this as a present from my co-workers, who snicker along with me on every group cake moment and Hawaiian shirt day.  If you aren't sure what this means, first you need to go buy a copy of "Office Space", a little cult classic for those of us in the corporate cubicle set.Now, for those of you who really wanted a review on the stapler itself....seriously the best stapler I have ever had.  Three years running and this little baby has not jammed once....not one time.  It handles a good stack of paper, is a nice heavy design (not like the inferior ones you normally get at your desk)and also has never come up missing due to the very bright red color :)If you would like to make a cubicle dweller's day, this would do it.  If they are a fan of Office Space, they will not only appreciate it but it will bring a smile to their face with every tps report that they staple.Recently our VP actually sent out an email asking the rest of us in the office if we knew where his stapler was and all I could picture was Milton fromOffice Space.  Although he was serious about the question it brought a lot of laughs and conversations about the movie. So when I realized that he was approaching his 19 year anniversary with the company I knew exactly what to get him - his very own Red Stapler.Besides it being a novelty item, it is a reliable stapler. We use it with theSwingline Premium Chisel Point Staplesand have had no jamming in use.  It's funny how something so common as a stapler can brighten a persons day, as it did when he received his. I would definitely recommend!I bought this for my classroom. It feels solid and works well so far. I am expecting years of satisfaction so we'll see how it holds up up over time and student abuse.Huge fan of Swingline Staplers.  Picked this up during a Black Friday gift.  Very pleased with the balance, look, and overall performance of this stapler.When I have loose pieces of paper that are somehow related to one another, I'm able to use this device to join them together.  One might say it has met all my stapling needs.Also, when I look at my Swingline stapler I think of Milton and Office Space.  Now I just need to figure out how to keep my boss from stealing it...I wanted a 'real' stapler and I found it! The Swingline 747 is a beast! I swear it is Hemi powered under the 'hood'. The quality is unsurpassed. It is made out of metal, makes a good paperweight, and has a convenient lever for stapling to a bulletin board or wall. The satin 'Swingline' logo on top adds a touch of class.Worth your hard earned $$!I had a cheap black stapler for years that doesn't staple very well, so I finally broke down and purchased this one.  It works so much better. It is a really bright red, so be prepared.After using the standard model for three years, jams and failures forced our school's budget manager to upgrade to this. The problems were reduced. Unfortunately, it is still not as good as the version that this replaced.Looks great, feels great, made of metal... I wish the bottom rubber pad hadn't fallen off when I went to insert staples. I'll have to glue it in place. Otherwise, it's a nice item, I'm pleased to have something for the office with a little bit of style and fun rather than the usual plastic piece of you know what. Life is short. Get yourself a red stapler!!! Cheaper than a sports car and nearly as much fun.Works well! Nice classic red design! Looks a bit brighter than pictures, but nonetheless this is great. It is also a bit heavier than most staplers I've used... but whatever.Tested and tested this stapler and conclude this to be a well made quality product.  Bright red and it won't develop legs and walk away now.I bought two of these - one for a friend and one for myself.Aside from just impressing coworkers and fellow Office Space fans, this stapler is actually a good, solid stapler.  It's made out of solid metal with a rubber bottom, so it won't slide around.  It's very sturdy and you can hit it pretty hard for the thicker stacks of paper.  You're more likely to break your hand before you damage this thing.Overall, I'm very happy with it.Everyone who has seen Office Space knows this iconic device.  Mine arrived in perfect condition, but after several uses, with the premium staples Swingline recommends, it started to jam and bind.  I bought this to use in my Information Technology class that I teach.  I tought the students would get a kick out of it.  I eventually replaced it with a staple-free stapler that works much better and reqires no refills.I bought this retro stapler to compliment the contemporary theme I had in the office.  Not only is it functional, it looks fabulous.  So I bought another one for my home office to go with the modern look there as well.  Definitely a must have in any office.I love this stapler, plain and simple.  I have yet to have it bind and I have used it extensively since I received it several weeks ago.  Rotating staple plate for two different bends on the wire and the staple capacity of a full stick plus a bit.  The red color is the icing on the cake, but I would buy it regardless due to it's reliability.Well made. Heavy. Works smoothly without jamming, Looks great on your desk. May tempt others to steal it form you.This swingline model is a heavy duty stapler that will hold up to any kind of stapler jobs you need to do, whether it is at home or at the office. It is a little pricier than some staplers but is well made and will last.The first red Swingline stapler made it's appearance in Mike Judge's movie Office Space. I have to say that both the movie and stapler are great. An interesting bit of trivia: -- there was no such thing as a red Swingline stapler when the movie was made. The prop department spray painted a black model. But high demand from fans of the movie prompted Swingline to release a red model in 2002. They were a bit behind the times since other companies had colored staplers much earlier (Bates Colormatics for one).Okay, it looks neat and is a conversation piece, but does it work? Yes, so far. There's nothing I hate more than a stapler that always jams. It was a gift, and replaced a generic black model in office. It uses the same common #4 staples so there's no need to invest in a new box if you already have a supply of them. It is billed as a "Collector's Edition", but heck, these things were made to be used. Enjoy!Everyone in my home loves this stapler!  It is heavy and sturdy, staples multiple pages PROPERLY (cheap staplers will jam or splay the ends of the staple out rather than in), and it always works.  Mine is 8 years old and still going strong.Works beautifully.  I have a sit down desk and a drafting desk in my office.  Bought this as a 2nd one to have one on each desk.  Highly recommend.Best stapler on the market. Put your name on it, don't let anybody slam it, don't lend it out or walk away (only lend an inferior one out) and this stapler will last forever. This stapler works as well as it did 3 years ago with consistent use. Trust me, don't let it out of your sight. A lot of people will ask if they can borrow it. People that never said hi will automatically want to become your friend. The price has also gone down significantly during the past 3 years. I bought it for double the price. At 11 bucks with Prime shipping, this is a steal. Put your name on it though. It will walk. Once you receive it, you'll see why I'm so protective of mine.It's a stapler. It staples. It's pretty, heavy, and metal. I didn't realize it was the one from Office Space, though. I just wanted a red stapler.I saw this stapler as a gold box deal awhile back and had to buy it for two reasons: I would at random times need a stapler and could never find one, and it makes my coworkers jealous.Honestly, when I first got it I figured I would only use it maybe a couple times a month but I've come to realize I need a stapler much more often. I've never had any binding issues and due to it's strong and sturdy construction it's very quick and easy to use.Aside from using it to staple papers together I also use it on our bulletin board and there it is just as easy to use and still has no binding issues.Overall a great stapler and the perfect gift for your loved ones stuck in cubicles.Staplers are an unglamorous tool that most of us take for granted. Aside from the Red Stapler of OFFICE SPACE fame, most people never think about their trusty work companions. Not so with this amazing polished chrome stapler from Swingline. Like the sleek 747 airplane from which it draws its name, this isn't just a tool. It's a statement.If you want to attract attention and start conversations, get yourself one of these babies. You may be surprised at your new found popularity within the office. You can expect to get compliments, questions, and even a raise. After all, someone with a stapler this cool clearly is worth the money, right?!? Just beware the jealous and appraising looks of coworkers and keep a close eye on this bad boy or it might just disappear from your desk...This is the famous Milton red stapler from the movie "Office space".This thing is built like a German tank.  Solid and heavy.  It can kill somebody if you throw it as a weapon.  The color is more like an orangey (if there such a word)  red.  Anyway, every detail on this stapler is great.  The steel is thick gauged.  Paint looks like baked or dipped and not something you can easily chipped.  Nice simple classic style.Of course, I bought it because of that Milton guy in that movie "Office Space".  But really, it is such a handsome piece of equipment.  This is one quality product.  Love it; and I would really hate anybody stealing it from my desk!I got this stapler because of the movie Office Space.  This staple makes me laugh just thinking about that movie.  The stapler is made of metal(not plastic) and will last for along time.  Get this stapler and watch the movie Office Space.I bought this stapler for nostalgic and practical reasons. A) The movie Office Space (I don't care if it isn't EXACTLY the same, it still reminds me of Milton) B) My unit took these staplers to Baghdad, Iraq. In between being mortared we really enjoyed using our red Swinglines to assemble documents as part of the bureaucracy of war. C) This stapler can double as a weapon in a pinch. It's heavy and would make a good head battering tool if you got into a fight with a co-worker. D) It staples well. The tactile sensation of binding your stack of paperwork with a small folded piece of shiny metal will please you. You just cannot say that about a flimsy plastic stapler. It's not the same feeling.This stapler is more expensive than some, but it is so heavy-duty that I can see myself using it for years - if not forever. I was tired of buying new staplers and this one did the trick.Besides, it's red![Update--2/5/13: I've gone through a dozen or more desk staplers in my life, most of them Swingline.  I came upon the "Series 747 Rio Red Business Stapler" while shopping on Amazon for a replacement for my previous stapler.  Originally, I had in mind the best at the lowest price.  But upon recalling the number of times I'd misplaced my old stapler or confused it with my wife's, this red big boy caught my eye.  The clincher: it was priced only moderately higher than similar "non-red" Swingline staplers (my records from Amazon show that I purchased it for $13.00).  The Rio Red is heavy, solid, reliable, and it performed admirably during the 26 months I used it.  But aside from the color, it's no better--in terms of performance, durability, reliability--than other models at 1/2 to 1/4 of its price. Big Red met its demise recently when it squirted out of my hand (i.e. I dropped it), landing on a hard-wood floor from a height of about 5 feet. Neither I nor a more mechanically-inclined, "fix-it," friend, could coax it back to life.  Still, as a stapler per se, it's a typical 5-star office stapler.  But the buyer should not be under any illusions that, apart from the color, there is anything remarkable, extraordinary, or "urgent" (how many more years can it remain in "Limited Edition"?) about the red stapler.  As for "value," I was initially surprised to see the currently inflated price, but then I was more surprised to note the price disparity between "Rio Red" and aStanley Bostitch All Metal Stapler B515-BLACK)(to which I've affixed red tape for purposes of quick identification).]Original review:I felt somewhat guilty about having in my possession an old grey tractor of a Swingline stapler, circa late '60s/early '70s, issued to me by a former employer.  So seeing this model as a Gold Box special was tantamount to my first experiences with parades and fire engines.  It's being hyped by the manufacturer as a special "Collector's Edition," as "Big Red," as a superbly constructed, supremely unique model representing the history of a company familiar to all.  The window dressing aside, I see no difference between this stapler and the company's other 747 Business Staplers.  But no doubt Swingline, like Apple and so many other manufacturers, has seen the profit potential of offering customers a multiplicity of colors (to remind us of our individuality, our special uniqueness, the tastes that are exclusive to us alone, enabling us to define a sense of personality?)Bottom line: this stapler is bigger, larger, more indestructible, more dependable than its predecessor.  Whether due to the stapler itself or Swingline's premium-priced new staples, this thing cuts through a stack like it was butter, providing a reassuring "click" that lets you know no further pounding, effort, repeated attempts will be necessary.  And the red color is sure to limit the number of times I can't find my stapler.  Finally, I feel a tremendous sense of relief in returning the institutional model that was never my rightful property in the first place.[True baseball fans will know the referent of "Big Red Machine."  There was Pete (when he still smelled like a rose), followed by Joe Morgan, followed by Veda Pinson, followed by George Foster, and batting fifth was Johnny Bench.  I'm afraid they relentlessly, repeatedly, ruthlessly mowed down Billy Williams, Ron Santo, Ernie Banks and my precious Cubs.  No doubt you'll find this stapler no less effective, but unlike a diehard Cubs fan you won't have to be a masochist to appreciate its inexorable march through your stacks of loose papers.]Yes it is like Office Space, and that is mostly the reason I picked this one.  Did need a stapler though and this one is very nice and should last with my moderate use.Feel like I paid way too much for a stapler but was tired of my old Swingline jamming. So read some reviews and sprung for this shiny chrome heavy duty stapler. So farI have been impressed, lets see how it holds up long term. 4 starsPurchased this stapler for my office, as (like many other companies) was starting to mirror office space. Though not identical to Milton's stapler, this stapler is comfortable and works well if you're like me with oversized hands.1st You are looking at the Red Swingline Stapler because you are a fan of the movie Office Space.  I know that is the reason I bought my Red Swingline.  If you put this on your desk coworkers and strangers alike will say "Excuse me I believe you took my stapler".  This is always a great conversation starter when someone visits your desk.  Beware if you work in a large office most likely someone will steal your stapler.2nd The 747 is a nice heavy stapler, it is built to do the job and I have never had a problem with mine.  It staples thru aprox 25 pages at a time.  In the the several years that I have had my stapler I have never had it jam which can not be said for cheaper models.  Swingline is known for staplers and the 747 is a good dependable stapler.Easily worth the $14 for both the entertainment value and the durability.My wife was terribly jealous when my new chrome stapler arrived. Nice, solid piece of equipment that staples very well and looks cool. Treat yourself!Another sad example of Chinese junk!!! The stapler made famous by its legacy on American desks and the movie Office Space is... dead. This piece of junk was cracked because it was made of plastic, and stapled once because it's mechanism was cheap metal that jammed. It's not even good enough for a paperweight because the color isn't even correct or uniform! Take my advice, either pay for the standard metal stapler, made somewhere else if possible, or hold on to the one you've got. By the way, tried ordering a replacement, which Amazon promptly sent, only to receive another POS that was in even worse condition! Avoid, Avoid, Avoid!!!!I suppose many people would consider me a stapler geek.  I use them extensively to organize at work.  I even use the pin feature.I have Swingline 747 (older all metal USA version) and although it's a great stapler, I consider the Swingline 444 to be it's equal.  The 444 is a heavier duty version and suprisingly, less expensive.My favorite staplers?  Either my Bostich B12G Spartan or my Bates 56, both from the 60's...Both still see daily use....See, I bought this for the wife --- who has a home office.It wasn't even our 25th wedding anniversary.Anyway, having a suave sense of humor --- like Goober Pyle... no! Make it Ernest T.!... I playa daily trick on her.Anyway, she uses about three (3) rubberbands a day; so I bought another similar productBAZIC Assorted Dimensions 227g/0.5 lbs. Rubber Bands, Multi Color (465-48P).Every night --- when she's in the shower --- I put four (4) rubber bands back ON the ball.Just last night she asked me "Honey! How MUCH did this thing COST? It never runs out!"I told her it was the best/most expensive one they had!I use rubber bands all the time, and had a great big bag of rubber bands from years ago. However, dry rot began taking a toll, so I knew that it was time to get some new ones. I got this rubber band ball, and am very pleased. The rubber bands are of a good quality, and the kids think that the ball is hilarious &#8211; it has become their newest toy.The ball is useful and fun!(Review of ACCO Rubber Band Ball, 275 Bands Per Ball, Assorted Colors)I'm always in need of a rubber band, and this is a cute way to keep them under control. I have found that the rubber bands are reasonably durable for average tasks.  The plus, is it doubles as a little office fun of toss and catch!When we were kids, we kept the rubber bands from the daily newspapers and made our own rubber band balls. These days, rubber bands no longer come on the daily newspapers (which arrive in bags that many people use for other purposes). That leaves us perennially short on the rubber band front, so when Amazon Vine offered this product, I jumped at it. I'm delighted to have enough rubber bands for at least the next several months, and rubber bands that are new, and not apt to break, at that. Great idea!If you use a lot of rubber bands in your daily work, this might be a *very* functional item for you. I don't use them that often, and I'm a little concerned that the bands will dry out, crack and break by the time I do. However, I like it mostly because it is a neat and attractive way to keep a few rubber bands on my desk, within easy reach. So, I won't worry too much about them drying out...by that time, I'll probably just get another. Lots of folks have noticed it on my desk and asked about it. So...functional and interesting as a desk accessory.totally love having rubber bands at my fingertips.  they have been a great help to me around the house and are fairly strong for their size.  Of course, I had to spend time convincing the dog this wasn't her bouncy ball...but all in all very happy with it!`I like the concept of a rubber bands in a convenient ball.When I first received them, I was initially pleased.  Purchased in late November, it is now mid February of the following year.As I am getting thru the rubber band ball, I find they snap and break even before surrounding an object.  Considering the price, I cannot justify recommending them.In many cases, they don't seem to stretch much as well.For home use, I suggest not showing it to your kids.  I made that mistake , and they lost it bouncing it down the deck stairs.Before that I used  number of the bands ad it struct me they were clean and good quality.I like this ball.  It doesn't require you to have a plastic bag and shake rubber bands out, hoping to find the right sized one.  These all seem to be the same size (though I haven't made it near far enough to tell what happens when I get to the center of this tootsie pop...)I also like that the bands aren't just the same shade of beige, just waiting around to get dirty.  Multiple colors add a little spice to the otherwise drab world of rubber band balls.  (Did you know that was a thing? I didn't either... well, maybe it isn't, but it could be!)Anyway, the fact that these bands use their own tension to hold each other together makes it unlikely you are going to get a rubber band that gets lost in the bottom of your desk drawer, only to be found years later, dirty and dusty.  (Ugh, who wants to use that.)Recommended for rubber band afficianados, or people who, like, just need a rubber band now and then.If you asked me a couple weeks ago what I thought of rubber band balls I would probably replied with some tacky jokes and then said something about how they didn&#8217;t make much sense.  That was before I had these.The bands themselves have a good amount of stretch and remain springy.  I&#8217;ve used lower quality bands that max out before expanding much at all and quickly lose there &#8220;pull&#8221; for returning to normal size.  These are absolutely not those.Then there&#8217;s The Ball.  It turns out this is a very efficient way to organize rubber bands.  Who knew?  They take up less space than the same amount of rubber bands in a box or bag and as I use them it&#8217;s even less.  It does take a moment to figure out which band is &#8220;on top&#8221; and I&#8217;ve found it is much less time than I was expecting.When these are going I am definitely going to get another one.According to the box, this rubber band ball contains &#8220;at least&#8221; 270 rubber bands.  There seems to be about five different color bands in the ball and they all appear to be about the same size &#8211; medium thick and a little over 3&#8221; long when not stretched.  This is a convenient size for fastening a variety of items together.  The bands seem to be fresh and have a lot of &#8220;stretch&#8221; to them.I prefer this ball arrangement over a collection of loose rubber bands in a bag, since I can leave the ball out on my desk and know that there will be no resulting mess, with bands ending up spread all over the place.  All in all, this is a convenient way to store and dispense rubber bands.I am a teacher and am constantly searching my drawer for rubber bands - I love this rubber band ball. It sits nicely on my desk, and I always have a rubber band when I need one. It also is fun to play with!It's a rubber band ball, full of rubber bands... What could possibly go wrong? Off the cuff, I'd say somewhere between 10-20% of them snapped (broke) the first time being stretched (which hurts, but most importantly is tremendously irritating, especially when you're in the middle of a rubber band war, thus giving your enemy the upper hand). It's a fun looking piece of sculpture on your desk, fun to toss around. Just don't try to use the rubber bands.No doubt about it, this is a clever way to store rubber bands for use. There isn't anyone who has worked in an office who hasn't tried to pull one rubber band out of the drawer with several others escaping like a wild dog anxious to go outside. So the storage idea is cool.  My complaint would be that the bands used seem very brittle like there won'r be much stretch before they break.  I haven't used enough of them yet to say for sure.I've created rubber band balls ever since I was a kid for for fun than utility... there's just something cool about a rubberband ball...  they never bounce as expected and are fun to toss around...  Getting older, I still prefer to have then rather than loose bands...  its an efficient storage for bands and you can leave it out as a desk &#34;Toy&#34; or conversation subject.The rubber bands are multicolored and reasonably thick... I haven't' tested tensile strength before breaking, but..  I'm not using these for anything extreme..  They work well.of course you can also get several other versions of this here on amazon; this is AMAZON you know, and there are several other rubber band balls, and even a number of items sold as home-made rubber band ball make your own kits (a bag of rubber bands), and ok, so maybe some people want more consistent coloring or something, but hey, you get what you get and what's NOT to love here!?fun for all agesnot for babies, dogs and catslove the rubber band ball. I have one ball at home. One Ball at school. My students and my kids like to play with the rubber band ball. I find the ball all over the house and not in my office where it belongsFor years, I would place rubber bands in a drawer or in a cute make do box on top of my desk, but this was so unattractive and the bands kept getting lost! Then I discovered this rubber band BALL that is now sitting attractively on my desk.Here is a trick to ALWAYS have this rubber band ball with you: When you find a loose rubber band say in a drawer or on a counter, wrap it on this ball. This way the ball will stay ready for you to use.Keep in mind the rubber bands on here are medium size and designed for small tasks.If you need to band together something say thick like several file folders or larger items, get the FILE FOLDER RUBBER BANDS, they are very strong, I use them for holding file folders and even large zip-lock bags together.Highly recommend this Rubber Band Ball!Was happy when this arrived and even surprised to find out that it actually could bounce like a ball :)  Anyway, I've always been frustrated when looking for a rubber band...now as long as I don't lose this ball, I will always have a rubber band handy.  Now just waiting to see what is at the core of this ball!Having acquired this attractive, multi-colored rubber band ball, I have a feeling I may never need to buy rubber bands again. The baseball-sized ball is reportedly made up of about 275 rubber bands. I'd call them medium-sized: when pulled taught, each rubber band stretches to about eight inches. It's a really convenient and attractive way to have a supply of rubber bands on your desk, much better than just having a wad of them in your desk drawer.Time will tell, but one concern I have is that these bands will last so long that they'll become brittle before I get to use them. We'll see. I'll also have to wait to satisfy my other concern: what, I'm wondering, lies at the core of a rubber band ball?As  other reviewers have noted, this may not be your best bet for really functional rubber bands.  However it's a great office prop, and kids really love it.  My two year old thinks it's the best thing ever.  You can definitely bounce it so the bands don't fly off.  If you're looking for rubber bands you definitely need, you'd probably be better off with standard packaging.When I first got this, I started taking rubber bands off and stretching them, and the first half dozen or so broke as soon as they were stretched at all.  I'm assuming this was due to age or poor shipping storage or something since the inside bands were all ok.  The rest of them seem ok, but don't have as much stretch as I would like.  To look at them, they are a normal sized band, but they don't stretch as much as my other rubber bands the same size do.  Still, if you just want a rubber band ball to play with, or if you don't need a lot of stretch & mostly band smaller things, this will serve the purpose.I needed some rubber bands.  I saw this rubber band ball.  Problem solved.  The best part for me is that the rubber bands are in a ball and not loose in a box or bag which inevitably means they would spill out and make a mess.  Please note that while the colors are assorted, the sizes are not.I love this concept for selling, keeping and storing rubber bands.  The ball is comprised of excellent wide rubber bands in a rainbow of colors, so it looks attractive should you want to keep it on your desk to be handy.  I think that the rubber bands will stay &#34;fresher&#34; and less prone to breakage over time when they are part of the ball, because the interior ones will not be exposed to the air and sunlight that tend to break rubber bands down.  So, the assortment should be usable as long as bands remain on the ball.  Two thumbs up to ACCO for selling rubber bands in a ball.The ACCO Rubber Band Ball provides a convenient way to store and dispense rubber bands without leave messy and tangled bands. The bands are also of pretty good quality. It makes a nice stationary gadgetThis is a really nice item.  The rubber bands are solid and fairly thick, which makes them useful for a lot of different uses.  Plus having them in a ball makes it kind of fun and quirky.  I like my rubber band ball :)  It will be a permanent fixture on my desk.Very few office products are fun, but this Rubber Band Ball manages to be both useful and fun. This ball is the size of a small baseball and it's extremely solid. The rubber bands themselves are medium size and are of high quality (they aren't dried out at all and they aren't stretched out). Storing rubber bands can be a pain and a bag of rubber bands often means a tangle mess, this rubber band ball is a fun way to neatly store 275 colored rubber bands. Can't really ask for more.What could say "whimsy" more than a colorful rubber band ball? What the heck do people even *do* with rubber bands any more? I like this thing as a toy and as a decoration, it looks interesting, it's colorful, and if you need a rubber band, well, you have a number of choices at hand. This is an object to love and to decorate a room with more than an office supply. 100% recommended. Every household and every office needs one of these. This thing has fun written all over it.What can I say but plenty of rubber bands for many uses.They would be good for a newspaper delivery person and my grandkids like to use them for their rubber band guns.I only gave them a few so they don't shoot them all over the house.They stretch to about eight inches and come in several colors.Perhaps the rubber bands in the center of the ball will be of better quality because they have not been under stress, but the bands on the outside are of inconsistent quality. Many of them snap and break.Well I don't have the patience to make my own ball ... maybe if I was in prison or a mental institution. So .... it is nice to have a prefabricated ball for me to play with ... yes, I bounced it as soon as I received it. After playtime, I took off a couple of rubber bands - nice - not all dried out.They seem they will do for light to medium duty tasks ... only time will tell.I have rubber band boards at school and instead of trying to shoot the bands across the room the class is trying to make balls on their own. Since they are 5 it is really good for their fine motor skills. I love the colors in this ball and the different bands. It has peaked their imagination as to what might be inside.How much can you really say about a product like this? Do people really need to buy a premade ball of rubber bands? Probably not. However, for kids or those who like a bit of &#34;cute&#34; this is a good little gift item. (Although you may rethink if your giftee is of the inclination to bounce this off a wall!)I prefer loose rubber bands, rather than this ball, because they are easier to store in the drawers in my home office. So I put this in my kitchen where it's out and easy to access.Like that it has colored options. Size or individual band is OK for most of what we would use a band for.A few have snapped and it's too soon to tell how long these last, which, to me, is a critical factor. Rubber that drys out quickly or breaks defeats the purpose.Here we have your typical ball of rubber bands. Suitable for an impromptu game of catch in the office.Or, when you're feeling super stressed, you can throw it at your boss and bean them in the side of the head.Welcome to the unemployment line.It's cute, and it easily fits into a drawer. The rubber bands are all the same useful size. Not like the small skinny ones you might get on produce or a newspaper, and not the really long ones you often need to double. They seem to be fresh and stretchy. It's a nice, neat way to store rubber bands. I can't see any downside, unless you have office mates who are apt to borrow it and play catch!These rubber bands are great! Not too big, not too small, nice and stretchy, quality material.  Much more convenient to have them in ball form instead of in a box where they can get tangled, spilled or extra rubber bands come out when you try to select one.  Unstretched, these measure approximately 1/8&#34; wide with a diameter or about 2 1/4&#34;; tightly stretched they measure about 8&#34;.  These are by no means weak, and the ball is nicely shipped in a protective box inside the shipping carton. These really are a good value and I expect them to last a long time.Not much to say about this.  They are rubber bands wound around in a ball.  I got this for my workshop because I can never find a rubber band when I need one.  The rubber bands are a good size for wrapping up small cords and items.  The ball makes them convenient to store.  I probably won't use this many rubber bands in my lifetime but it's handy when I need one.We have used a similar product sold under another name for years, and I love them. This is by far the best way to keep an assortment of rubber bands handy for use. A simple, fun way to use a classic product.The ball is nice and bright color wise, and the size of a baseball or a bit smaller. The rubber bands are not the flimsy type but a bit thicker/wider. So a nice addition to a desk.ACCO Rubber Band Ball, 275 Bands Per Ball, Assorted Colors, 1/Box (72155)OK, this is not the most efficient way to buy rubber bands but is the most fun. After seeing the Office Max adds with the guy dancing around to &#8220;Rubber Band Man&#8221; and seeing the logo of a rubber band ball, I&#8217;ve wanted one. Now I have one. I refuse to take any bands off the ball. To me it is a work of art or a fun desk top toy. I found on Ebay a clear plastic stand for a golf ball or baseball and it fits this perfectly. It is now proudly displayed on my desk. If you want rubber bands to use, get a bag. This is art!Of course, making a rubber band ball is fun, but nothing is stopping me from adding onto this multi colored collection of good quality rubber bands.  There's no better way to keep rubber bands from taking over one's desk.  And, at recess, it bounces pretty well, too.These rubber bands are packaged well in an attractive little box. They are also colorful and a good size and width. I frequently use rubberbands in the kitchen for holding plastic covers over bowls and cups for leftovers. These rubberbands will do well for that task. I don't assume they will hold up for more than a few months of use, and judging them by that standard, they are adequate for my purposes.I think this would make a cute gift for a "secret Santa" occasion at work.Even though this is a super cute way to store rubber bands, I was really happy to find that the quality of the bands is excellent.  They measure 3 1/4&#34; by 1/8&#34;' which to me is the perfect size rubber band.  They come in a variety of colors, as you can see in the photo.  A great way to store rubber bands so they are always all in one place.This rubber band ball makes me very happy. I never have enough rubber bands in the house and I've never felt good about buying a bag of them because they always get tangled up. This way, there is no un-tangling to be done and all I need to do is remove one band one at a time. It saves a great deal of time as I keep it on my desk. I'm no longer looking through drawers trying to find a much needed rubber band when I need one.A great idea at a great price and would make a great stocking stuffer to boot ! Don't live your life without this rubber ball !Open your home and adopt !I decided to get this to add a bit of color to my drab office drawer.  I don't use many rubber bands, so I expect that it will last for sometime.  The bands are all uniform in size - narrow and stretching out just enough to encompass a small stack of papers - so if you want a variety of sizes and widths, this is not the ball for you.  I have not yet had a band break on me, but I'm not a very demanding user either.There is no better way to announce to coworkers and bosses that you are a nutjob slacker with OCD than having a giant rubber band ball on your desk.  It looks like you raided a dozen boxes of the company's finest rubber bands to construct this puppy.&#34;Are my TPS reports ready?&#34;&#34;No sir, but I've got a sweet giant rubber band ball that I've been working on.&#34;Also makes a nice way of keeping ammunition handy if you get in a giant rubber band fight.  I've got a feeling this will be something that I'll give my grandkids someday, which they will promptly blast with their ray guns / laser guns / phasers / light sabers.Finally, the chicks really dig it.  What a great conversation piece.  If you go unshaven and slip on a hoody and glasses, you might find yourself being reported as one of the FBI's Most Wanted.  Just make sure Dog the Bounty Hunter goes easy on you.Enjoy!Obviously, a ball of them. Actually, it makes a pretty good toy: the thing really bounces. But I'm not sure I see the point. One thing: you definitely don't want your dog playing with it, and ours spotted it belonging to the 'dog toy' class of object right away - but rubber bands are dangerous for dogs. Then, I worry about whoever is having to make their living making these: I sure hope it's a machine. So it's all very nice but I think we'll keep buying rubber bands by the box instead.Keeping a supply of rubber bands can be problematical.  My local office supply store usually stocks rubber bands in big 1-lb. bags costing seven or eight dollars.  I can find somewhere to store the 1-lb. bag, but the rubber bands deteriorate before I can even come close to using them up.  Whenever I refill my desk drawer tray, the stored rubber bands are crumbling, or likely to snap when used.This ACCO RUBBER BAND BALL offers a fun, colorful solution to my rubber-band problem.  It has a minimum of 270 bands--easily a two years' supply for me--and it's inexpensive (under $4 as an Amazon add-on).  The bands are 3-1/4" long when pressed flat, and 1/8" wide.  A band will stretch to about 8-3/4" without breaking.  These are quite similar to the No. 33 rubber bands I get from the office supply store, but slightly smaller.When new, the rubber band ball is about the same size as a baseball.  It comes in a box that is 2-1/2" wide x 2-1/2" long  x 2-3/4" high.  For now, I'm keeping it in the box, on top of my desk, to keep it from rolling; but it fits easily in my desk drawer.  I'm really happy with these rubber bands.Like other reviewers have said, this is a good rubber-band ball but the bands aren't very strong. I use these to tie cables together, and they snap very frequently and that's without the test of time.As far as a ball of rubber bands goes, this rubber band ball is quite lovely. The bands are of high quality: medium thickness and don't break apart easily like many other brands do. I don't use rubber bands much, so I expect that this rubber band ball will last me the rest of my adult life. You can't really beat that.A rubber band ball is a fun and smart way to store rubber bands. Unfortunately, these rubber bands are kind of brittle and prone to breaking. They are find for short-term use, but they aren't strong rubber bands like the ones you get around your broccoli and asparagus at the grocery store.I just got this rubber band ball, and it's precisely what you'd expect. I started with my usual test, wrapping a couple rubber bands around a gun-shaped hand to shoot them off and annoy my cats. The bands were a bit cold thanks to the weather and needed some stretching to warm up, but otherwise proved to be of normal quality. Zero complaints, and it bounces just right for a rubber band ball.Before, I would always have to hunt around for rubber bands.  It's nice having this ball and I don't think we'll ever run out of rubber bands anymore.  The rubber bands seem pretty average to me - they stretch like I would expect them to stretch - that is, they don't seem to be overly tight or loose - and they feel strong enough.Someone complained about the rubber bands nearer the inside and that they were more fragile. I haven't taken off that many and don't intend to because once I do I know I'll be too lazy to try and reform the ball, and I will also probably misplace all the rubber bands I took off. I am curious, though, as to just how they make a ball like this in the first place.  Some day in the distant future when I've used most of the rubber bands I suppose I will find out.For now, it is a nice product to have. Very convenient.  Oh, and if you want to use it for a rubber ball, be aware that it does bounce pretty good and the rubber bands don't come flying off.... but I have a feeling these spend more time bouncing on floors and walls than being deconstructed for the bands. It's as much a toy as it is an office supply, but it's the neatest way to organize rubber bands and they don't come off until you remove them.This is a handy way to keep rubber bands together. They are of very good quality.  Also a sweet little gift idea.In addition to the uses for these that everyone is familiar with, I also use them to hold down light weight objects in the dishwasher--plastic items like storage containers and spatulas, metal mesh coffee filters, and so forth. Between water, heat and detergent, this is a kind of torture test for rubber bands and I have had others that lasted just a few washes before snapping. These are routinely going for 20 or more washes before giving up the ghost!These appear to be good quality elastic bands, 1/8 inch wide and forming a circle about 2 inches in diameter when they are relaxed.I see some reviewers are having them snap the first time they try to use them. I have not experienced that kind of failure with the bands that I have used thus far.They are manufactured in Thailand by Acco which appears, based on the packaging, to be a US Company, and the package net weight is at least 5.6 ounces.This is a fun thing, but as others have mentioned, it's made of standard rubber bands that will dry out and break over time - I'd love to know if there's any solution to that?  I guess you can always 'reload' it.If you use rubber bands a lot, I think this is a great item; it's an eyecatcher, and you can play handball with it!!!Some users are complaining of brittle bands. This happens as the rubber ages and is, perhaps, an argument for buying this at a brick-and-mortar store where you can inspect the quality and make sure it isn't old stock. My bands are fine and stretch to between 9 and 10 inches without breaking. The colors are a tad more dull than one of the marketing photos suggest, but the product is otherwise entirely as expected.This is always one of those things that people ask about when they see it.  &#34;Did you collect all those rubber bands?&#34;  &#34;Does it bounce?&#34; are the two most common questions I get when people first see it.The rubber bands themselves are easy to come off -- but they aren't very big.  The ones that form the outer ball are stretched out a bit.  I wouldn't have minded seeing larger bands, but I understand the limitation.Overall, a great way to keep your rubber bands on hand -- and a good conversation piece too!The product is as described. A ball of rubber bands in a variety of colors. I use these often and they are good quality.My expectations were too high. I though this was going to be a brightly colored ball that looked like a toy. It looks like what it is, which is an uninteresting ball of thin, dull-colored rubber bands made in Thailand. If the photo I took loads correctly, you will see that there are tiny discolorations on many of the bands. So what, they're still useful. But the colors aren't as bright and cheery as I'd hoped. Still, it is kind of cute. And it bounces fairly well. 2 1/2" diameter ball. 1/8" rubber bands in blue, reddish, yellowish, green, and gray-white colors. Reviewers who've had them longer say the quality isn't great. I don't doubt that since they already feel cheap and fragile.Costs about the same as buying a rubber bands separate, but with twice the fun. Has a wide variety of colors. Fun to toss around and squish. You can even put them around your wrist to use them for later use.Who knew rubber bands could be cool? I'm using this in the kitchen, rather than in an office. I like to use rubber bands for a couple of kitchen-related things. They're good for closing smaller bags (instead of chip clips). Another way I use them--which is really helpful--is opening plastic lids that have ridges in them (like juice or pop bottles). Just wrap one rubber band around until it's taut and it will give you a good grip to open them.The nice thing about this ball is that it's small enough to fit in a kitchen junk drawer, yet it's large enough that it won't get lost the way a single rubber band might. The bands are easy to remove, or even put back on so you can keep them together as a ball.I can't remember ever bringing an office-supply type thing into the house and having my kids love it quite as much as this rubber band ball!  They had a fantastic time bouncing it all over the place, and occasionally tossing it at each other, I have to admit, and taking rubber bands off it to use on each other.  While they were doing this, I was able to determine that the rubber bands were of good quality and worked well.  I'd worried that having them stretched into a ball might have made them less strong, but that didn't seem to be the case at all.  This came in a nice little box, and I could see it being a great stocking stuffer or a fun party favor for an office party or a teenager's party.  Overall, probably one of the cheapest things you can buy that is practical and fun!This is a fun rubber band ball! It is useful and I keep it on the desk that gives my dreary office existence in bit of color.Also the cats love to play with it.It's just feels cheap. It's usable and i'll probably keep it; however, definitely not worth the price. If you don't mind spending a couple bucks, then i'd recommend this.Working in a library, rubber bands are extremely useful and used regularly. Try keeping your desk drawer clean and organized, though, with a thousand rubber bands laying around. The ball is just the right size to fit into the desk and still give you room to add more bands to it. It also doubles as a stress ball for me. Granted you could just make one on your own, but that would be way to time consuming for me. Time is money and for $3.56 (current price on Amazon) , this ball is worth the purchase to save me from wasting an hour or more making one of my own.The Rubber Band Ball is unquestionably the most fun office supply product in the world. It even beats rainbow-colored post-it notes. A rubber band ball is practical, it's bouncey, it's fun, it's cheap - I love them. This 'ACCO' brand doesn't skimp on the quantity of bands (275) and provides a festive mix of colors. It comes in a nice box that would be gift-worthy. Youngsters love these just as much as office nerds, so don't be afraid to give one as a birthday gift or stocking stuffer. Everyone should own at least one rubber band ball.I guess I find it hard to love rubber bands.  This came today and it is just as advertised, a ball of colored rubber bands.  I checked the elasticity of the bands and that is fine.  I bounced the ball which really isn't part of its product description but it seemed reasonable.  It bounces funny due to the variances in circumference. At the price, it is not out of line compared to a plain old box of rubber bands and this is at least a desk conversation piece.I have used other brands over the years that just rot and break. These have been very reliable over the years.For me they have been very good Hoping it continues with my recent purchase.Classically designed, the &#34;Bullet&#34; has unparalleled dependability, performance, and unique characteristics as well, all of which are brought to you by a company known the world over; Need I say more?.. I think not!The original Fisher Space pen is very nice and feels like quality. I enjoy the weight it has, it feels very sturdy and reliable. I would recommend this pen. I had purchased another Fisher pen (Full sized flat black) it does not compare to this one.The only thing I did not like about the pen is that it would slip out of my pocket in some vehicles.Discovered this on Adam Savage's EDC (extended daily carry) and knew my husband needed one. Even with the dimensions listed, I was amazed at how tiny it is in real life. My husband loves that it takes up no space in his pockets, and so far everyone who has seen him use it is enchanted. It is completely practical, looks nice, and no one can try to steal it because it's so distinctive. Great value for the price. Seriously considering buying myself one in lime green now that I've seen it up close!Over the years, I have owned several Fisher Space Pens. I learned about them when I took a science class at Steven's Tech in Hoboken given by NASA and liked the write in any angle or on any kind of paper quality of the ink. The pens they had were standard ball pen shapes (the kind used by astronauts), but these little bullet shaped pens really are my favorites. I have at least two of these - one sits in the house key / car key dish by the door ready for travel and another is in my go-to camera bag. I think I have at least one more - it may be in my wife's pocketbook!These pens generally write smoothly, the refills last a long time and the pressurized feature means that you can write at virtually any angle and still get good ink flow. The small size and shape lets me stick one in a pocket, literally any pocket.One minor word of caution - one of my pens sat unused in the bottom of a brief case for a few years and I discovered, much to my surprise, there was ink seeping past the tip due to the pressure inside the refill. No big deal - the cap was on so I just tossed the refill, washed out the inside of the cap and got another refill. So far the new refill has been fine.This is a very small pen--you pull it apart, put one half on top of the other half and it's full-sized. So far it's written under any condition I've put it through. The ends are blunt so it won't poke a hole through your pocket, either. The only drawback is that there's nothing to hold it in your pocket but that's also an advantage if you're doing to keep it in a checkbook, etc. Except that it's prone to slipping out. You can't have everything...I have 3 of these pens because I have used every pen imaginable but in terms of portability and writing feel, this is the best pen. I carry one around with me everywhere along with a Levenger pocket brief. The pen fits perfectly in my pocket when closed. The only negative is that the removable pocket clip slides off easily sometimes but I just used a little super glue and it has never come off again.As my wife will tell you, I'm a pen-aholic. We can't go to a store without my veering off to the what's new in the pen aisle. This affliction started when I'd lost a favorite pen of mine which was actually anything but ergonomic, but looked unusual - which was what I liked about it. It had a metal body (always a requirement of mine) with what can only be described as a metal coil (like a shock absorber) which went from the top to the bottom. Like I said, it wasn't necessarily comfortable, but it was an eye-catcher!I picked up a Parker Jotter as a replacement. It was of a magnitude lighter in weight than my previous pen and wrote much nicer. I compared my new pen's lines to my lost one's and fell into a trap. My new pen wrote better, so how much better *can* a pen get? What else is out there that I haven't tried? I became a pen-aholic.Fast-forward 12 years (yes, the sickness continued that long!), and after experimenting with dozens of relatively inexpensive pens (another of my requirements) which even included a short walk through the land of the fountain pen, you'll find me carrying a Fisher Space Pen daily. I will say I have a soft spot in my heart for the Soft Feel Clic by Bic and the G2 .07 by Pilot.The Fisher Space Pen (a.k.a. the "FSP" in various pen forums I've perused) is, by far, the darkest, blackest ballpoint ink ("oil-based") I've found yet. It's a special forumla only Fisher employs, and they put it into pressurized refill so it will write at any angle, or even upside down - even on glass (not that I'd ever need to write on glass, but I tried it, and it worked!). Now, if that wasn't good enough, they put that refill in the most amazing pen case design ever. You could put this in a Parker Jotter pen (or anything that will accept a Jotter's refill) using the refill's included plastic converter top, but I find the bullet pen design so much more interesting...You want an eye-catching pen? How about one that collapses to almost half its size when not in use and returns to a normal-sized pen when needed? How about one with spiral-cut edges near the tip - right where you need it - to ensure it doesn't slip through your grip while using it? How about one encased in chrome-covered brass which is polished to almost mercury slipperiness? Not only is this pen a pleasure to write with, it's a joy to just hold and fiddle with! You'll often find me holding this closed pen, floating it among my fingers, enjoying the feeling of its slippery form. The smoothness of this closed pen works in much the same way as Baoding balls are comforting to roll around in the palm of your hand.While there is no such thing as "the perfect pen," this comes closest for me. There is zero startup necessary - no scribbling in the margin to get it going. The ink flows as soon as you move the point across the page. The flow is smooth and consistent, the line is a deep, dark black. I once wrote on something and the person I handed it to swiped it with her hand, thinking it would smudge, assuming I'd just written with a wet, gel pen. She was surprised to see it was instantly dry. To me, this means the line it lays is so dark and black, it can apparently pass for an extra-fine gel pen. After a dozen years of experimentation, I've finally stopped looking.I've been using this version of the pen for many years. I love its small stowed size, while being full-size when opened. I keep it in my pocket while at work. It writes well and and weighs enough to feel sturdy. I had one of the black ones for a while, but was too slippery when my hand got a little sweaty. The cross-hatching on this one makes it easy to grip under all conditions.I LOVE this pen.  My wife got it for me some years back and it still writes well, of course I don't use it all that much so I'm not draining a lot of ink.  The writing is smooth and does work upside down, horizontal, however you want to use it.  The only annoyance I've found is sometimes there will be a little clump of ink at the point that I'll have to wipe off.  Otherwise, I can't say enough nice things about the pen.  It'd make a really good gift for anybody who likes to do puzzles while they're in bed.I have average sized hands but I found the pen too small for comfort.  It was also slippery to hold despite grooves up by the head.  In person, it looked plain, even ugly.  However, it may be that for someone else it would do fine.  As for writing, the line of ink was extremely thin and tepid in color.  I happen to like a bold black line that flows well.  From time to time the ink didn't flow. For me it was a one star, but I gave it three stars because there will be some small-handed, minimalist people out there who would appreciate the pen.Beware of ordering from The Writer's Edge.  The pen came badly wrapped floating around without bubble wrap in thin cardboard.  No packing slip was included so I had to take the time to go to their website for a lot more rigamarole about downloading a return slip, then was informed I had to pay a "return fee."  Not good customer service and quite a time-waster all the way around.The paper is fine...Wausau paper has always been good quality.  As the previous reviewer noted however, the paper is definitely more orange than gold.  Perhaps a more accurate name would be "Galaxy Orange."In a pinch to get colored card stock, I turned to Amazon, as usual. We needed something to use for a booklet cover for Holy Week Services. It turned out to be a good decision. We purchased the Astrobrights Venus Violet. The card stock worked well on our copier to produce the cover design. The color of the paper was beautiful. We loved it. Everyone was impressed. So, the cover and the color were perfect, except...One thing I overlooked in ordering this is was: whether the card stock was pre-creased. This type isn't. It would have made the folding of the booklets a bit easier and the look of the folded covers much better. Either that, or we should have had aMartha Stewart Crafts Bone Folderand/or aMartha Stewart Crafts Mini Scoring Boardon hand.This cardstock is great; nice and thick and bright. It's a very bright, cherry or apple red. Think Christmas red. Not dull at all. And it's thick as well, which is perfect for my crafts.bright and bold paper that is easy to read black ink from. I had to try it on 4 copiers before finding one that didn't jam too often, but if your printer can run cardstock, this stuff is great!This is a bright yellow on strong cardstock; just what I wanted.  It stands out well when nestled among other papers, as a place marker.The Neenah Astrobrights Premium Color Cardstock arrived quickly and in pristine condition with no bent corners or edges. The colors are vibrant and true from pack to pack. Definitely something I will order again in the future.I purchased this phone used because I managed to break my Plantronics CT-10 which I loved...okay maybe that's a strong word, but I liked it a lot.At the time, I did conference calls at night about 1-2 hours in length about 2-3 times a week.For the most part, sound quality, distance from the base unit reception, battery life were all comparable to the CT-10.But there were 3 things this unit that made this unit not as good as the CT-10.WEIRD EFFECT ON MY WIRELESS LAPTOP:I know nothing about radio frequencies or such, but the minute I would turn on this head set to make a call near my wireless Dell laptop, my laptop would lose the wireless signal.  Once the phone was off, it was fine.  This wasn't a fluke but quite repeatable, as it fascinated me. My house cordless phone did not have this effect.NO AUDIBLE MUTE INDICATOR AND A FUSSY MUTE BUTTON:When you are on a conference call for a long time, you get up and wander, sometimes you cough or want to blow your nose and knowing you are on mute is essential. On this unit I had to look at it to tell and with it's black on gray display it was only visible in well lit areas.  The CT-10 (since it had no display) had a high pitch beep you would hear in the background to tell if you were on mute.  Mind you I'm sure some found it annoying, but I would have liked to have the option to have that on.On top of that, to get mute, you had to hold the button to get it to go on. It was after another feature, that I did not use.PASSIVE CLIP:The clip on this unit was the type you hook over stuff.  Cheap and somewhat effective for a belt, but sometimes when you have night calls you are not wearing a belt, heck you may not be wearing pants.  Having a clip that can be opened and closed like the CT-10 makes it possible to clip to a bathrobe or other garb more easily.  A passive clip needs a more rigid material to hook to.MINOR ISSUES:This unit has a red light on the end of the microphone. It only tells you if the unit is on a dial tone  or in use (blinking). It would be nice if it indicated mute as well.  Since it is barely in your line of sight, I did not notice it initially.  It is more of an indicator to others that you are on a call.On both the CT-10 and this unit the CT-12, the base unit could not be near any other electronics otherwise you would get a strong buzz.  Easy enough to fix.I was quite pleased how far I could wander around the house though.  Often I was outside gardening while chatting on the phone. Unfortunately, this is how the CT-10 got broken...What more could an entrepreneur ask for?If you have a home office, you should own this Plantronics Headset.No more sore necks.No more sweaty ears.No more big butts from sitting on the phone all day long!Plantronics has such a great reputation, you can't go wrong here.I have three of these devices in one office space. So far, I have had absolutely no interference problems between the phones OR with my wireless network.In fact, I have two different wireless Linksys routers in the same office, neither of which has a problem.One is an older 802.11b device that we have set up for visitors. It allows external internet access, as well as access to a public printer. This connection has been used by at least two-dozen different people, each with their own laptop, without any problems.The other is a newer 802.11g device used by Staff to access corporate network resources. I have had sporadic reported problems with network connectivity, but in the end the problem turned out to be because of a Siemens phone used by in an neighboring office. Once that Siemens phone was turned off, our connectivity problems went away.On a side note, one Staff member was operating a rogue Apple Airport in our office for a few weeks. He had one of these Plantonics phones sitting on his desk, a few feet from the airport which was hidden in a desk drawer. Even in that close proximity, there was not interference.One star was deducted because you cannot answer the phone while it is in the charger - a problem if you experience extremely heavy call traffic - more than 5-6 hours of consecutive call time per day on average.I bought this with fingers crossed after reading some of the previous reviews.  In at least one case maybe Plantronics also read the reviews - where I found some complaints regarding the volume of the headset, I found it more than adequate.  As for the "problem" of it interfering with the computer, a note included in the package states "should not be used near computer or TV" etc.  The whole idea as far as I was concerned was hands free to use the computer while on the phone.  Since I don't have a network, just one computer, and the only wireless is the mouse, I have had no problems in that regard.  The unit is small, but I had no problem pressing the right keys.  Screen a little small - but last phone I had didn't have a screen, so it's still a plus - and I have no trouble reading it even with my old eyes.  The over the head headset works fine.  The belt clip is pretty useless, but if I move about I just slip the unit into my shirt pocket and hang the headset around my neck.  Instructions are good - had no problem setting up numbers/names in memory.  In total, am very satisfied with this unit.This is an excellent cordless hands-free phone as long as you do not have any other wireless devices at home. I have been using this phone for several months now and I have a wireless G network at home. This phone completely shuts down my entire wireless network. I have tried everything from changing the channel on the wireless network to changing the channel on the phone but the problem is resolved only temporarily. It somehow changes its own channel to the same one that my wireless network is running resulting is total disruption of all computers and laptops. Not only does it interfere with my wireless network, it is also affected by microwave oven. If you are talking in the kitchen and using microwave at the same time, this phone will pick up the waves from your microwave creating so much noise that you can barely talk. I have used other cordless phones before and none of them created this kind of wireless hell that this device does. After using it for several months, the disadvantages outweigh its advantages and I am looking for a substitute.I've been using the CT-12 for over a year. It seemed like the perfect home office phone...portable; hands-free, allowing the user to type and talk; compact and comfortable. It's caller ID-ready, has good noise reduction and has a speed dial function and mute button. In addition, Plantronics has one of the best warranties I've ever experienced. I simply called when my first phone stopped working and they sent a new one within a couple of days, no hassle, no paperwork. So why only two stars?First, the belt clip is inadequate (especially for those of us who never wear belts.) The clip is too weak to clip to jeans, so I always have to wear a shirt with a pocket in order to have a place to put the phone. This is a serious flaw, as I discovered the clip's weakness only after the phone fell off my pants and onto the floor the first few times I tried it.Second, the number pad is frustratingly small. It is easy to misdial with keys the size of a pencil eraser.Third, and most important, the unit's phone jack seems to have a design flaw. I am on my second phone within one year and each one has, over several months, started crackling and cutting out. At first I thought it was the headset, since holding the cord a certain way would eliminate the crackling sound. On a hunch, I bought a new headset from another manufacturer, plugged it in, and immediately started getting the crackling noise. Now that my warranty has expired, I will not be buying a replacement phone, but looking for a new manufacturer altogether. A real pity, I loved this phone.I was happy to find a phone with a mute button after my GE crapped out. This was a great phone for 2 to 3 weeks until the cord that attached the headphones starting to make a crackling noise. Also, the WiFi network card I used interferred with the phone everytime, rendering it useless while using my laptop.I so badly wanted this phone to work and work well. All other aspects were superb: large reception area, too many Caller Id stored numbers to count, great features and compact, PLUS a mute button for when one must do laundry on long conference calls from home.This phone is wonderful in theory, not so hot on actual function.I work in sales and marketing and I bought this paper as I am regularly printing proofs of brochures, etc. before sending them off to the printer.This paper is a key ingredient in producing quality materials. For short print runs, I've switched to printing in house since my sales materials look really nice.Great weight. Great Color reproduction.I'm using this in a HP color laser printer with really nice results.We've been distributing 1/2 fold cover stock brochures at our Memorial Day service for years. Three years ago I gave this paper a try since it feeds better in our 20 year old IBM/Lexmark 4039 network laser printer. It folds without a crease and makes a beautiful brochure... and now we are runing out; people want the brochure, so I am printing 250 this year. We have no trouble duplexing it (as another reviewer) but, of course, the old Lexmark printer is black only.Used to print photographs, Very good quality.This is my go to paper for high quality 8.5 by 11 prints from a laser printer.It's very bright and smooth.  Some people in the office grabbed it up accident to write some ideas on during a meeting and instantly was like what is this, very nice.  :DI set out on a mission to find the best premium laser paper for our new Xerox 550 multifunction device. It came with some nice Xerox premium paper which intrigued me as to what the state of the premium paper market was.I'll be quick out the gate and tell you that this was the best paper I tried out of the three-- the other wasHammermill Ultra-Smooth 32 lb 8 1/2 x 11 Inch Laser Print Office Paper 500 Sheets (10464-6)andXerox Premium Laser Copy Paper, 98 Brightness, 24 lb, 8-1/2 x 11, White, 500 Sheets per Ream (3R13038).This paper was the brightest, whitest smoothest of all three.  Printing a full sized full color photo led to a picture that looked smooth and without texture showing through from the paper.  When printing a powerpoint I got the cleanest reproduction with the least bleed through on the other side.The paper is thick though, and almost borders on presentation paper likeHP Premium Presentation Paper. Even on the thick paper setting on the copier (the Xerox we have is new and fairly advanced) I still received the most misfeeds/jams with this paper. It's the best paper, but it comes at the price of more work to use it, at least for me. This is why I've rated it 4 stars instead of 5.That being said, what you need in a premium paper may vary from person to person and project o project.  If you weren't putting the three papers side by side, it wouldn't be so obvious that this HP paper is the brightest white. And sometimes you want a premium paper without feeling like a collection of card stock when you gather a few pages.  In that case, theHammermill Ultra-Smooth 32 lb 8 1/2 x 11 Inch Laser Print Office Paper 500 Sheets (10464-6)is my second choice.If you prefer something a bit thinner, my second choice was theHammermill Ultra-Smooth 32 lb 8 1/2 x 11 Inch Laser Print Office Paper 500 Sheets (10464-6). It's a bit less ultra super white, but has a very nice smooth feel and print quality, and doesn't let the second side bleed through as much as the Xerox paper.If you are doing single sided prints, and want paper that feels more like regular paper, the Xerox is a totally fine option.In conclusion-- the very best paper is this paper for premium all around Laser printing.  It's thick. It's probably thicker than I'd use for every day use. It would be totally appropriate for an office where clients visit the office and leave with a print out, for internal office printing that gets filed permenantly or displayed and when you don't want to pay the premium for presentation paper.I have been using this heavier paper for a while now. I usually buy from Staples and will have to order from them again because I received this order in a flimsy box, which was slightly open. The packaging was partly torn. I do not like to receive any item in a beat-up box, especially big ticket items.This is the Best Paper, "HP Premium Choice LaserJet Paper, White" I use it all the time but only when I make Special Copies or Pictures that don't require Photo Paper. It is Extra Heavy Weight, Professional 32 Pounds that is the Thickness of the Paper, its Density and not the Package Shipping Weight. For more Impressive Documents, Super Smooth and Ultra White and it makes Full Color Documents, I make DVD Covers, Greeting Cards and anything that requires that extra Thick and White Quality on the Paper and "HP Premium Choice Laser Paper White" Really Has it. I used to buy it Locally near my House, however, I was Pleasantly Surprised to Find it Here and for a lot less money than I was Paying before. The Package contains 500 Sheets 8.5 x 11 inches, it works well with all Makes/Models of Color Laser Prints and Color Copiers. I never had a Problem with my Printer using "HP Premium Choice White Paper" It doesn't Turn Yellow it is Acid-Free and it won't Fall Apart over time, I think it is the very Best! ...Thank You D.D.These work very nice for marking on dark objects. They are actually paint so it takes a short time for the marking to dry. They seem to work much better than "paint pens" most of which do not give a steady supply of paint.These work great on darker colored paper, but be careful if you're leaving them out on a flat surface because they don't have those little clips on them to prevent them from rolling away. It's the simple things :)These markers don't need to be shaken up and don't need time for the paint to soak into the point.  Out of the box it makes a nice sharp line with even flow.  It can be used to write on white, black, and translucent objects.I bought these to use mainly at school to label items in my classroom. (I teach instruments, so labeling cases and music stands is a must). I used one marker for well over a year, until the tip finally wore out. I have been very happy with the quality of the ink as it does not chip off or show any signs of wear. The fine point tip is ideal for my uses. The metallic color of the ink might not be as shiny as some might want...but is fine for me.These silver sharpie pens are wonderful to add some sparkle to class projects.  They can decorate a notebook, drawing and are amazing as they really show up on darker materials.Ahh, finally a sharpie that lets you write on darker colored paper with ease. This metallic sharpie is quite easy to use and it doesn't really give off a strong odorous smell. highly recommend this for any home, small business and even classroom space!Beautiful, shiny, and long lasting.  No mess, no running ink like the old shake it up type.  I love these markers.I purchased these markers to use on black jar tops.  This has worked out for me perfectly.  I have tested it on other colors and surfaces but highly recommend for writing on black or very dark colors.  When I used it on medium blue notebook cover as an example it just looked gray and on some surfaces it didn't show up at all.  So bear in mind what you are hoping to do with it before you buy.This Sharpie Metallic works great on dark surfaces, including painted, plastic and metal surfaces. It is the best marking pen I have found and highly recommend it.After weeks of online research and in-store testing I finally settled on the excellent Canon MP730 color all-in-one.  It has been named editor's choice in a few PC publications, so that helped my decision making as well.The first thing that impresses me about the MP730 is the appearance of excellent build quality.  I previously owned a Brother all-in-one which broke after 1 year, and an HP which broke after 4 months.  Since getting the MP730 I've put it through some heavy uses -- am looking for a job right now -- and it's holding up quite well.  Judging from user reviews here and elsewhere, I feel good about the reliability of this baby.  (knock on wood!)As many a reviewer has pointed out, Canon should be praised to the gods for allowing you to change individual ink tanks individually.  WHY AREN'T THE OTHER MANUFACTURERS DOING THIS ALREADY?  This alone is worth the price of the printer, as you won't have to waste money on cartridges that have to be replaced in whole even though only one color runs out.The automatic document feeder (ADF) works reliably.  BTW the ADF is rated for 35 sheets but my experience shows you shouln't feed more than 20 regular printer paper; fewer if the paper is thick.  To prolong the ADF's life you should feed no more than 10.  This is just speaking from experience.  I bought the printer with my Amazon Platinum Visa so I automatically got one extra year of warranty service.  Still, it's better to keep the baby healthy than abusing it...The other reviewers pretty much cover everthing you need to know about this wonderful all-in-one.  I just want to emphasize that although the initial price tag seems a bit on the high side, once you factor into the speed, the print quality, and the cost of replacing ink cartridges, this comes out to be quite economical in the long run.  And it handles heavy-duty uses pretty well.Of course, if all you want is occasional multifunctioning, you'll be better off with a cheaper model like the Brother MFC-3220 all-in-one which can be found for under 100 bux here on Amazon.  If you do a lot of scanning and printing and faxing and copying, this Canon MP730 deserves your serious consideration.  Heck, just buy it.This is my second Canon color inkjet.  The first is just a printer, but based on my positive experience wiht that, I was confident in buying a Canon this time around as well.  That confidence was reinforced with the MP730.In a nutshell, the positives are:- Surprisingly quick printing for an injet, even in color.  Faster than the laser from just a few years ago that it replaces- Excellent print quality -- tested it with color photos at full size and it's outstanding- Very slick design... small footprint on the desk and looks good too.- Both a flatbed AND fed copier -- this is very cool.  I prefer to use the feeder most of the time (which is what my old multifunction had), but sometimes, if I'm copying a book or something, I wish I had a flatbed.  This does both, again in a very compact size.- Great Canon software and utilities for printing and other tasks- Individually replaceable ink cartridges (saves money).Just an outstanding unit -- I would have expected it to cost 2-3x it's price point.The only downside, and this is a downside of inkjets generally, not the Canon specifically, is that ink is expensive and runs out faster than you think.  Over the course of a couple years owning it, the cost of ink will likely outpace the cost of the printer itself.But if you're deciding among multifunction units and among inkjets, this is a very good pick.I did a month of research before buying this multifunction printer. I really wanted something to do it all. It had to do decent faxing, plus serve my needs for scanning and copying as well. I already have a high-end photo printer, so basic printing was fine for me.This did all I hoped for and then some. The Fax worked great, I hooked it up to my home phone system and it does a great job of detecting voice versus fax calls and switching them appropriately. You'll hear the answering machine pick up for a second when sending a fax to it, but that's a very minor nit. Quality of the fax is nice. I did notice that it only redials 3 times on a busy signal, but I hope to find a function to set that higher. The document feeder is essential, you'll find a lot of multifunctions do not include one and you have to load the pages one at a time. It also has a nice cover for the paper feeder in the back, a nice feature if you do not print a lot.Scanning is considerably slower than my old flatbed to get high quality but the results look good. Anything less than high quality is not that great, but fine for anything but photos.The printing quality is not quite as good as my dedicated photo printer, but I doubt most home office users would notice. You'll still get very decent photos and color printing out of this, certainly far better than most multifunctions. It's good enough that if I did not already have a high end color injet, I probably would be fine with this one.Overall, I'm very pleased with this printer and recommend it highly.Followup - I had some issues with the FAX detection on this machine that weren't too obvious immediately. I'd be talking to someone when all of a sudden, the line would just cut out. We finally figured out that the fax was cutting in for some reason. It seemed to be getting worse, so I started playing with the settings and finally switched over to using the distinctive ring feature. This is a cool option where you pay the phone company a few extra dollars a month and they give you a separate phone number that comes over the same line but with a different ring. Mine for instance does 2 short rings in a row. You can then set the Fax machine to recognize that tone and pick up. So I know have my own Fax number without paying for another line, I know when it's a Fax coming through due to the ring, and I have *almost* no problems with the machine cutting into my calls. It still does it if I'm on the phone a long time, but it's very infrequent at least, and not a big enough issue for me to be concerned with. It does however sometimes have problems getting the fax. I had a client in Germany try several times and could not get it to come through. Not sure if that's an issue with the machine though, or just my old phone lines. Also, the scan quality at the highest level is pretty good...but also very, very slow. So don't expect to be scanning lots of photos in a short amount of time.  Due to these issues, I'd probably go with just 4 stars, but it's still an excellent machine.Having had a Canon printer before and loved it, I was anxious to try this one after a couple of years of using a donated HP (which I hated).  The Canon is superior in every way to every printer I've ever used.  Not only does it print nicely, it makes great copies.  The fax and scan functions are relatively easy to use, and most of the functions on the machine are intuitive.  Unlike my HP, it operates flawlessly with no vibrating, smearing, grinding noises, or any other problems.  I love the fact that you can buy the ink colors separately, and they're very inexpensive.  If you're used to shelling out $39 for an HP tri-color cartridge, you'll be happy to pay $7-$8 for each color and $12 for black.  I used to hate buying a new tri-color cartridge just because I was out of one color.  Canon puts so much more thought into how their products work than other makers seem to.  The one thing I do not like about it is that when I am making color copies, if I dally too long between copies (and that's not very long--maybe a couple of minutes), it reverts to black and white without signaling me.  I've ruined some expensive photo papers because of that, and I really wish they would correct that feature.  I have to remember to check the "Color" button before every color copy (and I tend to forget).  Other than that, I couldn't be happier with the Multipass MP730.This could very well be my printer of choice for the next five years. I use it to do everything from faxing papers to work all the way to scanning, copying and especially printing photos. I have to say that everything works great. A few features that I want to tell you about in particular are printing photos and using the ADF (automatic document feeder). The MP730 prints such great photos, that my friends cant tell that they were printed. I was astounded by the exceptional quality and the speed that they print in (about 30-45 seconds for the first print, and about 15-20 for each one after that).  The ADF is really handy when you want to scan up to 35 pages to copy or scan. The software is great because it compiles all the pages into one simple, universal PDF file so you can do your business and send an email attachment all in one shot. I was concerned when people were talking about little things here and there that might be just a little bit off. I did not notice any of that happening. If I knew the quality of the printer before I got it, I would be willing to spend $100 more than I spent on it ($220).I wonder what the heck they put in these metallic markers to make them so expensive! I just got them to write on my notebook covers. They show up well and are definitely metallic. I wanted more colors, but silver is good enough to make an impression on a boring looking spiral bound black notebook cover.Absolutly perfect for what they are designed for.  They seem to write on anything and the color really stands out.  I'll buy more as needed.I purchased these to put a mark on black hot-swap drive carriers to indicate which bays were utilized.  They leave a very clear silver mark on the shiny black plastic which is exactly what I was looking for.I bought these to use mainly at school to label items in my classroom. (I teach instruments, so labeling cases and music stands is a must). I used one marker for well over a year, until the tip finally wore out. I have been very happy with the quality of the ink as it does not chip off or show any signs of wear. The fine point tip is ideal for my uses...until I wore it down to a bold tip! Good product.Awesome! Great! Silver! Indelible! Water-resistant! Absolutely, positively, wonderfully, magically delicious! They're silver permanent markers and they do exactly what you'd expect them to do.This gold sharpie packs a punch.. but it also has a glue-like smell. It is bright like a diamond, and works on almost all types of surfaces.  Looks great on bubble envelopes and paper... avoid using it on brown boxes because it does not show!Great use for home, office and even classrooms. I gave this 4/5 because of the glue-like smell.My wife and I have so many electrical adapters/chargers and cables that it was getting to be difficult to keep them sorted out. I had a couple of older paint pens that you had to shake to keep them going, and even at that, they dried up fairly quick. The Sanford markers have been going for a couple of months, and they're still working well, putting out a continuous medium-fine line, and all our stuff is marked now. The ink dries very quickly on plastic and metal, and almost instantly on paper and cardboard.I'm very pleased with these marker pens.These do not run as the others do-good color, good coverageThe idiots who designed this made it with no clip on the cap, which I need to carry it in my pocket.Probably designed in a third world country where they don't have pockets in what few clothes they own.It doesn't say where the product was actually made. About half of the package is in some foreign language, not English.Now I know not to buy Newell Rubbermaid products (who makes Sharpies).Picked up two silver sharpies so that I could do a craft, writing on finished wood in a darker colour.  It showed up well - went over it a few times to make the silver pop.  But good colour transfer for a sharpie.I needed these for my target practice with black targets to make the hits and misses.  does the job wellI wrote an X on a piece of metal and held it under a fire until glowing red hot.After dipping it into cold water, the X remained silver.What's this stuff made of?I purchased these pens because they are outstanding.  When you are a Model Builder. The Pen applies the Silver Ink. where you need it. And dries fast. Can be wiped clean if it has not dried completly in case you make a mistake.  I sue this Silver Color on Model Kits where guages are present. Or where I want to highlight things like handels on Model Tanks. and or chipped paint.  They last long.  And are a great value.I love silver and wasi surprise to find these beauties and bought them on the spot and use every chance I getI love silver, and these write great.It must have been the day I fried my Cisco router when I decided I needed a way to mark the myriad power supplies for my electronics.  Turns out that 1) my Cisco VOIP phone and Cisco router require different types of electrical power; 2) the power supplies for both devices fit into each device; and 3) plugging the wrong power supply into a Cisco router wrecks it.This ink pen does a great job of writing on the black plastic so common with modern electronics.  No more confusion about what power supply plugs into what device.  Trying to fit a plug into a device is not a sound method of determining power requirements.  Reading the miniscule script on the device is perhaps not an option for you either, given most Americans know more about Lady GaGa's eating habits than the difference between a volt and an amp.  No, idiot-proof your life and use these pens to label your stuff so you don't find out the hard way it's the wrong power supply for your device.I got this to write my mom's name on her dark clothing items.  I was expecting it to write like my black ones. It doesn't write well at all on fabric, so I was very disappointed. And, in addition to the tip not being firm enough while trying to write on fabric, it definitely is not writing in a fine line as the black ones I have do - it is almost like a wide point, that's how far off it is.This silver color shows up nicely on dark objects where your black and blue markers are invisible.  The durability of the ink is amazing.  I used one of these pens seven or eight years ago to put my company name on one of our trash cans and it is still clear and legible.  I find d that remarkable considering the abuse outdoor trash cans suffer.I am thrilled with this ink, and my HP932C for reproducing scanned images or printing digital camera shots.  I have found the quality of the images to be superb, and despite the cost of the cartridges, (the ink seems to last for quite a long time) I think this is well worth the money!!!This is an OEM HP ink cartridge from HP. It performs exactly as you'd expect. The price from amazon is good. The only way you'll typically beat their price on this is either buying in bulk at a warehouse club (and why do you want so many cartridges for printers that become obsolete so fast) or to buy a remanufacturered cartridge or ink kit, which can be messy and sometimes impact print quality if you get low end stuff. If you need this cartridge, buying it from amazon makes sense - the cartridge will be the same no matter where you buy it so why not go with the best price?I like the fact that the amazon prices for color ink cartridges aren't NEARLY as high as the cost I get for one at a store near my house.  You save 25-30 dollars buying one off amazon!They usually last about 6 months before the color begins to run out.  It depends how often I feel like printing pictures.  I like how easy it is to slide a cartridge in and out of the printer.  You have to be careful not to be too jerky with it- gently push the ink cartridge in and test it out with a scrap piece of paper the first time to make sure it works correctly.This is a great ink cartridge.  We have several printers that use this cartridge, and this has always worked great.  We tried compatibles at one time, and they have never performed well.  Paying a little extra for branded cartridges is well worth it in the long run.I have used HP78 color cartridge since purchasing my printer in 2001.  The color of photographs is vivid as is the color of general printing.  I do wish the cost was a wee bit less but that will not stop me from purchasing this ink cartridge in the future.  I get what I pay for.Though these cartridges are becoming harder to find, I am grateful to still have a source. My 11 year old HP-1000 is still going strong and the new line of sub $50.00 multifunction machines are mere toys compared to this workhorse. Very, very thirsty toys. While the HP carts can, with moderate to heavy use, last up to and over 6 months, the new toys seem to suck dry in three weeks. The cost of the HP seems high- alas, Costco finally  threw in the towel- but looking at the cost-per-page you could do far, far worse. If you still have an old rig that still uses this guy (and it's partner in crime, the 45) be glad and lets keep em flying.After having problems with the cheaper, non-OEM cartridges, I decided to go back to the HP brand.  I've always had good luck with the genuine HP product - until this one.  After only several uses, one of the colors stopped working, rendering the cartridge useless.  The unit was within its expiration date.  I tried running the 'clean printheads' several times with no luck.I blame it on a potential bad batch because when I visited our local big box retailer and purchased the same cartridge, at retail price, it worked fine.I ordered the 3M Footrest as I have suffered from an odd muscle strain in my leg and knee, that my Doctor felt might be related to my work, which involves quite a lot of "desk time".  As a Vine Reviewer, I didn't have to pay for the cost, and was very surprised at how much it was.  Is it too much?Well, you DO get quite a quality product for what you pay for.  You can't tell from the photos, but this footrest is made of solid metal with an anti-skid surface that will ensure that when you put your foot on them, they stay exactly where you left them, no sliding, and no slow adjustment of the height or angle due to the weight of your feet and legs.The twinges in my knee and leg have certainly faded, and I will have to give credit to the footrest.  If someone told me "pay me $75 and I'll make that pain go away permanently" I'd have said yes immediately.  Now that I know what this footrest did for me, I'd gladly pay to keep it, even at a non-discounted price.Bottom Line?  If you suffer from pains that seem to be related to your posture, then I'd recommend this instead of another visit to the Chiropractor.  With this footrest's construction, you'll be using it into your Golden Years.I am average height for a female, but I have a short torso and need to sit very high in relation to my desk and computer monitor. Therefore, my feet dangle off the edge of my chair. This footrest is sturdy with a nice non-slip surface. Initially, I thought this footrest wasn't tall enough for me, but then I discovered that it was adjustable. Problem solved. The surface is non-slip and rubbery, so even my bare feet are comfortable on it. The tilt is adjustable, too, which is good. It's not aesthetically appealing, but it sits under your desk, so who's going to see it? It's a very nice product, and I recommend it to anyone who is height-challenged.As a foot rest, this is probably as close as it comes to ideal.  It's heavy with rubber foot pads, so it doesn't slide when you put weight on it.  It's sturdy steel with a rough, sandpaper-like texture to prevent your feet from slipping.  And it's adjustable via the screws and wingnuts underneath.The foot rest has essentially 3 different degrees of freedom.  First, the foot platform sits is connected to the mount platform via 1 bolt in the middle of either side.  So, it pivots to create a flat platform a wedge shape.  The mount platform is connected via 2 thumb-screws and wingnuts on either side.  The screws sit in a specially formed channel in order to more easily lock the configuration you desire.  It's hard to explain without a picture, but this is where you further adjust the angle you want.Having thumbscrews and wingnuts is convenient.  It means you don't have to pull out the tools when adjusting the foot rest.  But moving the foot rest around via the channels in the mount platform is not entirely easy, but I don't see it being something you need to do quite often anyway.The price of the foot rest is a little high in my opinion.  You could probably build something like this for a lot cheaper if you had the necessary tools and skill.  Most people don't, so they'll pay a premium for a quality product like this.I find this product particularly useful because not only is it comfortable, but my office is in my basement which has a tile floor that gets quite cold in the winter.  This foot rest allows me to keep my feet off the tile so they stay comfortable.I sit in the office nearly ten hours per day and my feet always feel numb after a few hours. After trying this footrest for a few days, I noticed a big improvement that I don't have that numb feeling in my feet at the end of the day.Normally, you only need to use a footrest if your chair height is not adjustable, or the seat is already in the lowest position but your feet still cannot fully touch the floor. But as I have discovered, having the footrest tilt at an angle can be more comfortable than having it horizontally flat. The footrest surface one can be adjusted from +20 to -20 degrees.I like this footrest because it is all-metal and very rugged. It has an anti-slip coarse rubber surface so that you feet won't slip or slide while resting on top of it.The footrest is huge compared to others, measuring 22 inches wide by 14 inches deep. The metal color is dark grey and the rubber color is black.I highly recommend this footrest.3M is a company known for quality products, much like Steelcase, and this footrest works exactly as it is supposed to. I work in an office 8-12 hours a day, so this package was welcome when it arrived. As an added bonus, there was absolutely no assembly required. It is heavy and very sturdy. The rest adjusts based on your height from the floor in your chair and I know it will last a long time. I already feel a measure of relief just using it for a few days, and highly recommend it to anyone who works in an office day in and day out.As someone whose job requires sitting behind a desk/computer ninety percent of the day my back and hip were always hurting before the end of my shift.  When offered the opportunity to try this foot rest I couldn't pass it up.  I could feel the difference immediately.  Using the foot rest took the pressure off my lower back as soon as I set my feet onto it.The unit is made of heavy gauge steel and arrived together and ready to use right out of the box - no assembly required.  I did have to adjust the height but was able to do that by loosening and tightening the screws by hand.  The non-slip surface on top of the foot rest works great at keeping your feet from sliding off.  This is a great product that does what it claims.  I don't think you will be disappointed.I don't think that it had ever actually occurred to me to try out something like this at my computer desk before I was asked to review it. It's been an interesting item to try out. It seems to be very sturdy and the size is great for letting me position my feet to be comfortable without feeling at all limited by the size of the foot rest.I'm not exactly sure whether it's a significant ergonomic improvement for me. I tend to blame most of the odd aches and pains I develop to workouts rather than to time spent at the desk, though I'm sure that long hours at a computer aren't helping much. I can say that it does seem a little bit more comfortable having it, and that it's been nice to be able to adjust its angle from time to time depending on where I'm sore.I don't think the average person who just sits down at their home computer for a little while each day will necessarily see a large benefit, but for those who spend significant amounts of time at a desk it'd certainly be worth trying out to see if you can make your day a little more comfortable.This foot rest is easy to set up and is very sturdy. The top has a nice grippy surface that really holds my feet.The only gripe is that it is a bit easy to tip if you put one foot on it close to either edge.I picked this foot rest simply because I'm up late at night most nights working on college assignments.  Although my chair leans back for spinal comfort, my feet are often ignored.  This footrest fills the bill, and only time will tell how beneficial this new footrest will be.  I already know that late at night this footrest feels good with my feet propped up against it.When it arrived in the mail I was surprised at how lightweight it was and how wide it was.  "Extra wide" is no exaggeration!  I could fit three more feet of my size 8 feet on this rest.  This is good for people who like to shift their feet around while sitting, and who have the space under their table to place this footrest.  The slip-proof rubber surface keeps feet in place and feels quite good on bare feet.The footrest comes with an adjustable angle that can be quickly changed by pressing down with the feet. This comes in handy for taller tables such as drafting tables or bar stools.  My footrest, however, is underneath my computer table.  This footrest feels especially good when my feet are tired and need an "uplift."The grey color is subdued.  The device is well-made and should guarantee one's feet many years of bliss.  This would be ideal in a professional office as well as a home office.There are many junky plastic foot rests. This is not one of them. This heavy solid rest is large and solid. I anticipate many years of use.A long time ago, during one of the jobs I had, we were taught about ergonomics and if you do a lot of computer work, the things you need to do is stand up and take breaks, stretching your hands and arms but also having ergonomic wrist pads, chair, desk and a foot rest.I have to admit that when I was younger, I didn't pay too much attention to it at home and noticed I was exhibiting symptoms of RSI (repetitive stress injury) on my hands and so I invested in ergonomic things that I can have at home.Now, things have changed a little many years later.  My keyboard is so thin (for my Mac) that I don't use a wristpad, my once ergonomic desk(s) which I tend to keep upgrading, keep busting but the thing is, I practice caution with my hands but I admit that I am not living as ergonomic as I should.Recently, I've been working long hours in my office and despite getting up every hour, walking around...the truth is I work in my office longer than most people do.  My legs feel numb.  It's because I've been putting my feet on the chair rests and I have had no foot rests.  I remember how the foot rest was so beneficial to me at my old workplace but felt that was the lowest priority as most injuries are to the wrist and arms but I started noticing that my legs were feeling numb (and even had it checked out medically).Aside from having to walk more and not stay in the same seating position for hours, I needed to purchase an adjustable footrest and sure enough, I gave the 3M foot rest a try.Unlike previous foot rests I used with the removable rest and the metal bar which swivels, this foot rest also swivels but it's nice and wide, made of steel and has a good grip as well.  It's not heavy but it's not one I would want to drop as it is held by screws and such (unlike the two piece which if dropped, probably wouldn't matter because there are no screws, bolts or anything like that).But for the most part, for SOHO use, it works perfectly.If you are a programmer, graphic designer or a person who is constantly working on the computer for hours (or like me, sometimes 16 hours or more some days and nights), for your health, it's important to keep ergonomics in mind and if you find your thighs or knees hurting each time you get up and your job requires many hours seated, I highly recommend a foot rest.  The last thing you need to deal with is improper seating and stationary positions which can hurt blood circulation to your legs and lead to blood clots or anything fatal.Definitely recommended!For the amount of time I spend at a desk and especially on my computer, this footrest is a must-have.  I had a similar footrest in my corporate cubicle (made of plastic) and was happy to see this one made of steel.  The construction is fantastic and it is simple to use and fully adjustable (the tilt angle not the height).So, why might you want a foot rest?  One, it helps relieve pain in the back and can help you add to an ergonomic work safe set-up that will be kind to your back and legs.This 3M footrest fits easily under desks and is a great addition to a healthy work station.The dimensions of the 3M Adjustable Foot Rest are 14" x 22". The height adjusts from 4" to 4.75". The angle can be adjusted to + - 30 degrees.I find the foot rest to be easy to use and very helpful. It comes completely assembled which is a plus. I work in a cubicle and the foot rest just fits in the space under my desk - it is almost too large for the cubicle but I found that to be a plus since it prevents me from sitting too close to the computer and I'm no longer able to slouch over while typing. The height is very easy to adjust by turning the screws on the inside (be careful, however, as the edges of the foot rest are a bit sharp). It is also very easy to adjust the angle while you are sitting simply by putting pressure on the foot rest. Most importantly, I can feel the difference when I use the foot rest - my back and my legs immediately feel better and I'm not aching at the end of a long work day.The 3M Adjustable Foot Rest make a big difference in how I work and feel. Highly recommended.I didn't really think I'd use this, but I actually love it.  It really helps me keep my feet/legs in the proper position when I am at my computer, which, sadly, is way too often and way too long.  I tend to tuck my legs under me, or wrap my feet around the chair rungs.  Since I've started using this, I don't feel the need to.  The only negative is I like to push it like a sewing machine peddle so I'm not just keeping it in one position.  It doesn't impact its function, but it drives my dogs nuts.  I'm glad I tried it.This is an extremely well built item.  Not only does it look professional, it feels that way.  However, for an average sized person, this is really not useful, actually hurt my back a bit putting my feet on them for an extended period of time.  However, it was useful for someone who doesn't have the longest legs.My husband is self-employed here at our home and was in a better position to test this item than I was, as I have to have my legs propped up at all times while sitting. Well he tried it out and felt it to be a very dangerous item as it got in the way and was easy to trip over, etc. Adjusting it for your own particular needs, he also felt to be complex and too difficult for someone sitting in a regular office without all the tools that he has handy. I'm not sure what he did with it, but it sure isn't under his feet.This is an amazing foot rest.  It was easy to set up and changed my situation immediately.  While my feet are on this, my posture in the chair is improved by sitting all the way back in the seat. I am 5'8" tall (while wearing 4" heels) and most office chairs need a lot of adjustment before I can use them.  Then, of course, the desk is too high.  It took very little setup to put this foot-rest to use under my kitchen table --which is currently functioning as my office.  (My office is a mess of work to do and I don't like going in there.  It's dangerous.) I changed the height setting to the higher setting by unscrewing two thumbscrews and then tightening them and tilting the rest to the angle I like.  It was an extremely easy set up.This product makes an immediate difference in the way I sit in my office chair.  Sitting in the chair incorrectly causes me some lower back pain and neck pain so I try to correct myself whenever I notice it.  For some reason, it has always been more comfortable for me to sit on the front half of my seat, leaving the back half of my chair available for all kinds of pranks and incidences.  On an extremely highly polished floor in a classroom, my chair once shot out behind me.  The worst indignity?  I could have gotten over falling, but hitting my chin on my desk and falling on my butt...not a good day.  And it added to my reputation for being a clutz, not that I needed any help.  All in all, it's probably much safer to properly sit in a chair.The immediate consequence of this foot-rest was that I have been much more comfortable sitting at work for long days.  My lower back does not hurt and I have not had to get up constantly to walk around or play with my hula hoop.  While I am working, I am playing around tipping the angle back and forth - toes and heels, toes and heels - which also provides some entertainment.This is heavy and sturdy and seemed like it would stay in place.  Its only flaw -- that it does not have non skid below it.  This foot rest does shift on wooden floors.  My solution for this minor problem was to put a piece of carpet non-skid below it.  That worked.Yes, it is still under my kitchen table and it annoys everyone but me.  They are currently working on making it fit under my desk because it is about half an inch too wide.  In the meantime, I am perfectly happy with it.  'Too big and too hard to adjust.  I use it, but I don't like it.  All the dust from my shoes winds up on it... must vacuum it clean weekly.This foot rest does allow for a more ergonomic position and, although it takes a little getting used to, it begins to grant some relief to those who work on their computer for a good part of the day.  It is also easily adjustable to for those of different heights.  The one thing I would warn about is for those who have an "L-shaped" desk who may shift positions.  This is a solid metal footrest and one would need to be careful shifiting around as it would be rather unforgiving.  Aside from that, a rare concern, it does pretty much what is expected.As a person of shorter stature (I'm not quite 5' 4"), I've always had to rely on footrests to help me properly position my feet under a desk.  Out of maybe five or six footrests I've had over the years, this is by far the nicest one!It is made of steel so it's quite heavy, but the heaviness means it stays in place and won't budge if you accidentally kick it. It's also quite strong, unlike some of the plastic models. The extra wide nature of it also makes it really comfortable since your feet have plenty of room to move around while you are working. Additionally, you can easily adjust the height on this from 4" to 4 3/4".  The non-skid surface is also great, although it's a bit rough on care feet. (I use this in my home office.)Another nice feature is that this comes out of the box already assembled and ready to go, and it doesn't have that funky smell that new products can sometimes have.Great product!The 3 M Foot Rest is ugly.  However, this doesn't really matter much considering that it fits under a desk.  What matters is its comfort, ease of adjustment and sturdiness.  People with back or knee issues will, find this foot rest to work very well in terms of these criteria.  I especially like the ease of adjustment and the ability to rock the footrest forward and back with my feet -- this helps me stretch out my calves and maintain flexibility in my arthritic knee.The price is right too -- very reasonable considering the sturdiness of the product.I strongly recommend this product.  As long as you're not looking for aesthetic pleasure, it is a winner.The name itself, "3M(TM) Foot rest, Adjustable, Extra Wide, Steel Construction," should deter any reasonable person from taking a second look at this foot rest. I'm not sure who gets the blame---or credit---for that exercise in corporate marketing, but let's move past the inelegant to the more refined.Many of us, myself included, spend too much of our lives typing into keyboards and reading words on computer screens. And for anyone who is tethered to a computer day in and day, out, sitting is something we take for granted. Our posture and position while sitting is important for many reasons and having a foot rest can help prevent back, leg, and neck problems that come from pixel herding.This 3M foot rest is wide enough (I don't know about the "extra-wide" claim) to allow ample space even for folks with large feet (that would be me again).  It is made with steel so the platform feels durable and stable. Though there is some sort of material on the bottom to create a bit more friction and hence more stability, you will need to protect wooden floors from both that material and the metal frame.The angle adjustment requires just a bit of tweaking, but the height adjustment takes a bit more work for just a minor difference in height. Both adjustments allow more options to help improve one's sitting posture, and I do think the long-term benefits are worthwhile.The manufacturer offers a five-year guarantee for the product. I'm guess 3M is not too worried about one of these heavy duty foot rests breaking but I am wondering how durable these devices will turn out to be, so I am holding back one star just to hedge my bets. All in all, this seems like a very good product despite its unwieldy name.As far as foot rests go this one is pretty nice.  Large enough for my size 10 feet to have plenty of room so I can sit comfortably at my desk.  The up/down swivel feature makes it easy to obtain different inclines instantly so that I'm not forced to sit with my feet at a constant angle but can rock the top of the foot rest back and forth as desired.  I like to sit barefoot sometimes at my desk at home and the top of the foot rest has a rough grip adhesive but it's not at all painful to my feet in any way.  When barefoot though, I must be careful not to run my toes too hard along the outside edges of the footrest lest I might get a cut.  With shoes on this will never be a problem, but it is made out of sheet steel metal and the edges on the sides though not sharp, could hurt if you suddenly slid your bare foot along it.Other than that it's a good footrest.  It makes it easier for me to sit in my chair and use my computer.  Before I got the footrest I was using all sorts of other things to try and rest my feet on but they never worked well for very long.  The height is adjustable I like it at it's highest setting because my legs can get extremely tired if no extra support is given to ease the strain on them while sitting in my chair.  I have long legs and the distance from my hips to my knees is about 10 or more inches beyond the edge of my chair seat and after a while that part of my legs gets tired.  The footrest raises them off the edge of the chair enough to relieve the pressure and I can sit comfortably for a long time before getting tired.I'm a BIG guy, and I've had foot rests that aren't very strong - they don't last long under my desk.  Not a problem with this one.  The 3M footrest is solidly built!  The parts that are supposed to move, move smoothly, almost elegantly (I know, a bit of exaggeration, but still - SMOOTH!)  The grippy (tape) surface is a great touch.I've already used it pretty hard, and I couldn't break it.  I'm guessing it will work well for just about anyone.Easy to assemble but quite sturdy and well built. 3M has their name on this footrest and it will last a lifetime. Can be assembled in with a screwdriver and provides your feet a solid but good feeling if you sit at a desk all day. I originally thought that foot rests were desigined for short people but in my 6' case I also find this to be very comforting while sitting at my desk. I would advised anyone if the market that is looking for a foot rest to look stronly at this one made by 3M.Update.... It broke about a year later.You've seen some foot rests in your time? None like this one. This is one SERIOUS footrest! It is total steel construction, weighs a ton, and honestly, it's huge. It just barely fits under my desk.I love how adjustable it is. I can get just the right height no matter my shoes and this is a huge benefit for someone short, like me, because most office chairs will not lower enough for my feet to even touch the ground. That makes a foot rest, a necessity! I've owned 3 previous foot rests and they've all wound up in garage sales for one reason or another. I always had some issue with them that couldn't be resolved and went back to the old stacked phone books or stacked reams of paper, how sad :( is that?As much as I adore this foot rest, I do have one complaint. Some of the metal edges around the rim aren't smooth enough and I have would up nicking some of my good heels and suede shoes on the metal edges. I wish they would have done a really thick-rounded edge that would prevent that sort of thing. Of course, that would have added more bulk and weight, but it frustrates me to have some of my shoes being ruined as I spin in my chair to put my feet on the foot rest and inadvertently nick my good shoes. Ah, well. I guess nothing can be perfect. I will probably wind up using the good old standby of duct tape to solve the sharp metal problem. It won't be attractive to have duct tape running around the rim of my foot rest, but it will save the rest of my shoes from getting gouges. I'm really bummed about the sizable gouge in my suede shoes. Soft suede and metal edges do not mix!Aside from that, if you are short and in desperate need of a foot rest, this is a great one. Buy yourself a dedicated pair of shoes to use with it. The shoes should be made out of something very resilient, like canvas, and then you won't suffer the nicks to your pricey soft suede and leather shoes.I've had my metal 3M foot rest for a few weeks now and, being an Elementary Art teacher, I don't have much opportunity to sit during my day, but when I do, I enjoy having this under my desk to prop my feet up on.Tilting the foot rest to a comfortable angle, straight out of the box, doesn't require more foot pressure than you might expect. The hinges are set to be just tight enough to require a little foot pressure to subtly and gently tilt it, so it's easy, but not too easy, to get it to just the angle that you want. The foot rest is wide enough to give you plenty of room to spread your feet out on, and the textured surface is comfortable underfoot, whether you're in your stocking feet, barefoot, or wearing shoes. The design of 3M's adjustable extra wide foot rest IS a bit industrial, and makes me think that it'd fit in great on the set of "Mad Men", as it has a rather dated, 50's era look to it with its drab color scheme and no-frills appearance, but really, it's meant to go under a desk at work and to prop your feet up on, so it really doesn't NEED to be all slick and pretty. And the metal construction of this is nice and sturdy, so I know that this will last long, and bring me comfort for the next few years, if not decades!Since my heels in particular have been hurting me, literally, since I returned to work for this school year, I really enjoy having this foot rest on hand to rest my dogs on. It's a nice thing to have under my desk when I just really need to stretch out and massage my feet after a day of chasing paintbrush-armed Kindergarteners. ; ) Set up is as simple as opening the box, putting it where you want it, and using your feet to set it to the perfect angle for your comfort. It's just the thing to help you make it through a tough day, and those are the days when all the little things count! A small comfort goes a long way! If you're looking for a foot rest, this is a good one to go with!I feel somewhat mixed about this product. For what it is supposed to do, it does it. Your feet are in a good ergonomic position. It comes all in one piece so there's no assembly. I can't recommend it for a few reasons, which are probably more personal preference, but worth mentioning. 1. It is steel - I don't know about you, but all my computer's electrical wires and plugs are under my desk. I just don't like the idea of mixing steel in an area of electricity. 2. It has a rough top to it. That's not a problem if you have it for work, but for home, it doesn't feel great barefoot or in socks. 3. It looks industrial. Probably nit picking, but aesetically it is lacking. I wouldn't recommend it, but that's just my two cents.This tilting foot stool comes out of the box complete, is a solid metal frame construction, and does indeed tilt to 30 degrees. It is fine quality, well made, and serves as advertized. The height adjustment is wing bolts, which are really hard to loosen, you may need a tool if you really need to drop the height down 3/4 of an inch.  I am using it right now, but I am not sure my posture is any better than before. If you are short, have a problem sitting in an office chair without your feet touching the ground or having the need to bring your hands up over your elbows too high to use a keyboard and also have your feet on the ground, this foot rest is ideal. Heavy contructed, but not too heavy to move. Overall, it is what it says it is.My review title says it all. This footrest offers all I could ask for.DesignThis footrest is wide and sturdy, which is nice if you adjust your feet position a lot during the day. It has a nonslip surface on top for your feet, and four nonslip pads on the bottom so it doesn't slide around on your floor (which is low pile carpet, in my office's case). You can adjust the height up an inch by loosing some wingnuts, sliding the top up into a higher, notched position in the track, and tightening the wingnuts again. You can also tighten the other nuts to make it harder to tilt. (It is fine by default, but I checked!)MaterialsThe construction is all metal, with recognizable hardware holding it together. It is lightweight but strong, and does not look cheap (though who's looking at your footrest anyway!). Overall, I would recommend this footrest enthusiastically, especially over a plastic footrest at or near the same price point.If you are at a desk for many hours a day, then you really need a foot rest. Also - if your desk is higher than your normal position (after adjusting your chair height) then you need a foot rest.I am pretty normal height and most desks fit me without a foot rest - but - I love having this one. I use the foot rest as a change of position and it really helps when I can put one foot up, or the other down, or both on, or both off, .. you get the idea. This foot rest is solid and the all metal construction really is a big deal. The plastic type fall apart and are easily damaged. Additionally, the plastic can shift or move with very little pressure applied making them hard to use - which is exactly what you don't want from a piece of ergonomic equipment. You want it easy to use - to get maximum compliance.Simply - this is the best:Large surfaceDurableEasy to usestays in place.I'm slightly on the short side and love to keep my chair raised high. Therefore, I'm always trying to find something to put my foot on while working at my desk. This is a perfect solution and puts me right into proper posture. I had no idea how something so simple can make such a difference. The tilt is the most important part of this footrest to put my feet into a comfortable position, otherwise any stool would work. I like the textured surface as well, so if you have socks or hosiery on your feet will not slide around. I highly recommend this if you are trying to improve your posture at your desk or suffer from back pain due to sitting all day in a chair.I have long looked for a well constructed foot rest that would improve my ergonomics at my home office.  This fits the bill in many ways with some draw backs.The wide platform allows for shifting of position while still supporting the feet.This is solid and well constructed.  This will outlast any plastic foot rest several times over.Adjusts easily  -- I have left the angle adjustment loose so I can rock my feet back and forth allowing for increased flexibility and comfort.Stays in place and does not walk along my carpet (unlike the lighter weight one I have at work)Since I use this at home I am often bare foot.  Unlike the one at work (which is plastic) I can not with bare feet slip my feet along the edge to reposition it.Overall, this is a much better footrest than the cheap plastic ones I have had at work settings.update 11/28/2010 --First of all I really like this footrest.  It has really made my home computer desk much more comfortable.The only draw back is the edges.  I have repeatedly scraped my feet on the edge of the footrest.  I put duct tape along all the edges and have not scraped my toes any more.  This is the one design flaw.  The edges are a bit sharp and some sort of guard along the edges should have been part of the design.I could see this not only scraping toes but also shoes.There's got to be something about me and chairs.  I just can't stand to sit without putting my feet up on something.  It was so nice to find this 3M footrest.  The relief on my back was instant.I can raise the footrest by unscrewing four screws.  I can definitely feel the difference between 4" and 4 3/4".  I prefer my footrest lower to the ground.I can adjust the footrest to any angle with the touch of my feet.  The swivel mechanism can be tightened and loosened, but it was perfect when I got it so I left it alone.I'm 5'5" and this works well for me.  I think shorter people or children whose feet don't touch the ground could really benefit from this.  I don't have that problem, but my back is telling me propping my feet up is a good thing.  Glad I got this footrest.This foot rest is heavy. It has very rough surface that can hold your shoes in place. You won't feel slippery. It has two height adjustments. You can swing it back and forth. Very comfortable and sturdy.This foot rest is great for us. It does what it should: it provides support for the feet/legs, which translates to support for the lower back...and it works well for people ranging from ~5' to ~6' tall.The product specs of 23.8 x 15.2 x 4.3 inches are accurate.It is SOLID...built like a Steelcase filing cabinet...yet not too heavy...just enough to keep it from moving.It has a 5-yr warranty.It's made by 3M.It's wide enough, plus it has a friction-tread surface, so you don't have to worry about your feet sliding off. rIt's adjustable, if needed...it was great out of the box for us, though.Highly recommended. Your mileage may vary...An extra plus for us: one of our floor heat registers is right under our desk, and this foot rest deflects the hot air, which previously was blowing immediately on our legs.Note: I would have given it an "A" (4.5/5.0) but fractions aren't available. I almost never award 5 stars, since perfection is very rare in product design! ;-)If the thought crosses your mind that you need a foot rest, then I would certainly recommend this model. Its a pretty wide (22 inches) base that gives your feet plenty of room to rest and move around, or have your feet apart comfortably. Its fairly heavy, so you know the steel can handle some weight. There is no assembly, you just pull it out of the box and place it on the floor. If you have sleek floors, it has rubber "feet" in the corners to prevent it from sliding around. The top area is covered with a comfortable, yet slightly gritty pattern that is good for shoes or bare feet.Once on the floor, it is easily adjustable with your feet just by pushing up or down. Once there, it stays snug without feeling loose. You can adjust the tightness of the foot rest with the two nuts on the inside.While simple in design, its perfectly functional and a solid piece of furniture that will outlast most furniture.I have no complaints.  You sit the thing on the floor and put your feet on it; hard to mess that up.Edited to add (an overly analytical review of a footrest):I anxiously anticipated opening the box; the box was sooooo big.  At first, I thought: there is no way that foot rest is going to fit under my desk.  Once I got the box open, there was another box of a more reasonable size.  I turned the box upside down and got it open and the footrest fell out.A sense of relief and pleasure appeared as I looked at the footrest.  It was like no foot rest I have ever seen (nevermind that a piece of wood or a phone book would do).  Anyway, looking at the footrest I became anxious to use it.I placed it on the floor and my feet said "ah...." a footrest.  I put my feet on the footrest, adjusted my keyboard and typed----it felt good to type with a footrest.My boss asked me to show him the footrest: I said it's just a footrest.  We looked at it together and he said: "yes, it is just a footrest."The most impressive aspect to me (and no one else) is the fact that it angles.  I just finished knee rehab and one of the recommended exercises is a calf press against an angled board.  I couldn't do them before and now I can with the footrest.I weigh 120 and the footrest holds my weight while standing on it.Everyone should get a footrest.Do you put your feet up while you're working? Tuck your feet in your chair, prop them on the desk, smash the piles of books by resting on them? This footrest gives you the same comfort with better back support and a more professional appearance.This footrest is made of charcoal steel, with a black non-slip pad which keeps your high heels from sliding and is also comfortable if you work barefoot. It will look good in your office, fitting with the rest of the furniture and decor so you don't end up looking like you've put your comfort before office standards. It's simple and sturdy and comes fully assembled.Once you begin using it, you'll be glad to find that it adjusts easily -- you can just push it with your feet into the height and angle that you prefer -- no need to get up and take a screwdriver to it. You'll be comfortable without being distracted by it.Your office mates will want to steal it, though, so keep an eye on it when you don't have your feet on it.This footrest was bought after extensive searching both online and in big box stores.  It's wide and long enough to be able to comfortably place both feet on it.  Your feet will be gripped on the surface whether you wear shoes or, are barefoot.  It can be raised or lowered, as well as angled to a position that you find most comfortable.  In addition, this is a very well-made, durable (metal) product, that could last for years.There was absolutely nothing on the market that even came close to this foot rest and I'm very pleased with it!I used to be a newspaper paste-up artist, a job that required many hours of sitting on a high drafting chair in front of a high, tilted light table. I'm a few inches above average height for a woman, so normally I'd have to sit with my knees bent back, my feet resting on the chair's lower ring. This isn't the best position to sit in for long hours. It's tiring on your legs, and on your back. The newspaper where I worked used to have foot rests like these, and while they're great for your posture and allowing you to sit more comfortably, oh, how I remember the pain of banging your ankle on the heavy metal corners of one of these things! It hurts like the dickens!But it does solve a big problem some workers have, the problem of chairs that are just too high up for your legs to comfortably sit on the floor. This foot rest is wide, just like I remember the ones from my old job. That gives you a large surface area for your feet. It's very heavy, and there are grip pads at the bottom and top to prevent slipping. This thing is very unlikely to budge on its own. There are basically two heights. The highest one is just right for me when the surface of the foot rest is level to the ground, which leads me to believe this wouldn't be enough for someone much shorter than me.My other complaint--and not a small one--is that the product I received came with a dent on one side. Steel construction means this thing should be sturdy. It shouldn't come with a dent. I know this didn't happen in shipping, because the box was just fine, and obviously cardboard would dent before steel. My guess is someone was stuck with a dented one, so rather than throw it out, they figured they could used it as a review copy. If that's the case, hopefully if you purchase it, you won't get a dented one. Wish I didn't either.So that's one star off for all those bad memories of bruised ankles, and another star off for sending me a dented product. Hope this review helps you make a more informed decision if you're planning on purchasing this.As a computer developer I can spend several hours at my desk working away. But I can't sit still so I find myself changing position frequently. I had been using my speaker as a foot rest but it doesn't change with me at all.This Foot Rest from 3M is great.- It has plenty of room where I can move my feet around.- You can change the tilt easily with your feet.- The height adjustment is easily accomplished with a set of wing nuts - no tools required.- It should last forever, it is made from sturdy metal with a nice rubber pad to rest your feet on.It is much more comfortable then my speaker!Like many other people, sitting at a desk is awkward for me--it seems as if the chair has to be high up to reach the desk, resulting in the floor seeming to be too low. I usually end up sitting cross-legged or with my feet resting on the chair legs. This foot rest allows foot angles that feel natural, and it virtually "lifts up" the floor! It has four rubber-like pads on the base to help keep it from shifting around, and a rubber-like top to keep your feet in place. The width is wide enough that many foot positions can be used. Right out of the box, the one I received was set at the perfect "tension" so that I can adjust the angle using only my feet, resulting in being able to adjust foot rest positions as needed.While it's more functional than decorative in style, it looks better in person than in photos, and virtually disappears when underneath a desk. The metal is gray, and the rubber-like sections are black. There's a little "3M" brand sticker on the front left corner, but it's easily removed if unwanted.Because my current desk has a pull-out keyboard tray, which extends the depth of the desk space when it's in use, it's a bit awkward to move the foot stool back and forth by getting beneath the desk. I need to move it forward when using the desk, and back when not using it. Without doing this, I am unable to push the desk chair underneath the desk. This maybe wouldn't be an issue, however, with a desk where the keyboard rests atop the main surface.I am a shorty and my feet and legs are sometimes uncomfortable after a day of sitting at my desk. When I saw this item offered by the Vine program, I snapped it up to see if it would make a difference in my comfort level. Happily, I can say that it does do precisely what it says, if it is a bit utilitarian.There is nothing especially frivolous about the design of the 3M Foot rest; it's very basic steel with a rubber top pad for your feet. It's gray, which I suppose is a good thing since naturally it will be coming in contact with the floor on a regular basis. The height and the tilt of the foot rest are both adjustable which means it can be adapted for a person of any height. My biggest complaint is that I would like to have seen the means for adjusting the tilt and height be something other than just the tightening or loosening of screws--perhaps a bar that locks the adjustment into place. To have to loosen or tighten the screws of course means you will need pliers or a screwdriver of some sort, which is a tad inconvenient. Still, it's a functional design that does what it should. The foot pad is wide enough for the Sasquatch and small enough for the dainty-footed.After using the foot rest for a day, I have to say it's been nice to have it in place. My back feels less tired and it encourages good posture. While it's certainly not a necessity, it is a nice addition to my desk atmosphere. I'm pleased with my 3M Foot Rest, and feel confident that I can recommend it for doing exactly what it's supposed to do.3M has made the perfect foot rest that I've been looking for, for literally decades! Sitting for hours has always caused such terrible cramping, leg, ankle and foot pain, that I've always preferred standing jobs over sitting ones! Don't get me wrong, standing has it's pain as well as sitting, but sitting pain is actually worse, as I can't get up and walk around when my legs fall asleep with those horrible pins and needles or the stiffness and swelling that occurs in the ankles, feet and knee joints. What it does to your back alignment is another story in itself! I just hate sitting for hours, then getting up to find that my knees aren't supporting me and I can't feel my feet because they are so numb!I have noticed that I tend to sit with my heels back on an angle so my feet are slightly raised, always moving my feet so I have some circulation in my legs. When I first saw this 3M Foot Rest, it looked exactly as I try and sit to keep circulation in my legs- with my heels back and feet slightly up. This was a must try item for me! What a difference this foot rest made when I sat for several hours with this steel platform under my feet! I had no pins and needles, no numbness, no cramping, no swelling, no stiffness! I still can't believe that a hard steel platform can take away so much pain, but it really does!This 3M Foot Rest is basically just 2 pieces of metal- a base and the top foot rest itself. It's nicely large sized- 22 inches by 14 inches for your feet. The top has a textured hard rubber covering for your feet. The base has 4 squares of this textured hard rubber on the 4 corners so it doesn't slip. The foot rest is adjustable to make it the angle you want for your own customized comfort with 4 disc turning screws and 4 wing nuts. The platform itself can be raised almost another inch for shorter people. The only thing you have to watch out for, are your electrical cords not getting wedged in this, as it is metal.3M has a 5 year warranty on this Foot Rest, but I can see this could last 2 or 3 times longer than that, as it's so basic and sturdy. Eliminating so much pain, stiffness, numbness and swelling that comes from sitting for long periods of time makes this 3M Foot Rest a necessity and a 5 STAR product!This foot rest is very sturdy. It doesn't move at all, except for the tilt feature which is nice.  Being made of steel, it does have the drawback of being "sharp" around the corners since the footrest platform is thin. If you use it barefoot, you could whack yourself against the edges (though I dunno why you would use it barefoot).  The non slip material helps when adjusting the tilt, and your feet won't slide off.  It's quite wide too, giving ou quite a bit of wiggle room too.  Much better than the wooden ones I've used. This is a great footrest, and I recommend it.It is nice to buy a product that is not designed to break in our plastic society.  This is a well made metal product.  It is big though, but I would buy this product again.The first thing that struck me about this was the weight of the package. When it arrived, I wondered what it was before I opened it. It's very well made and I'm sure it will last a lifetime. It was set to the lowest setting for shipping purposes and it was perfect for me right out of the box, although adjusting the height would be very simple by loosening the 4 wing nuts. The footrest area tilts by applying pressure with your feet and can "rock" back and forth to suit your needs. It does not lock in a set tilt position. At first I thought it was a little too high as I'm used to sitting with my feet on the floor. I'm 6' and sit at a 30" desk. It fees very natural and comfortable. I like being able to stretch my ankles by rocking my feet back and forth on the footrest. All in all a very well made product and a strong recommendation if you are in the market for a footrest.I really like this foot rest.  I had seen various colleagues with them at work, and was always interested in finding out if they would be my "thing" too.  Well, after ordering this one from Amazon, I was pleasantly surprised to find that I like having it very much at work.Pros:* Large foot pad - both wide and deep.  I have large feet, and am a fairly big guy, so I was worried that the pad would be small (and as a result not comfortable or convenient).  That was not the case.  The pad size is great, and I have no concerns.* The tilt functionality just plain works, and without hassle.* Having the ability to raise the shelf up to one level slightly higher was surprising nice - it took me a couple days to try it out, but when I did I found the new height was a better fit for how I like to sit.* No assembly required - I took it out of the box and it was all set up and ready to go.* It grips the carpet easily enough not to slide when I'm using it, but not too much that I can't reposition it under my desk with my feet when I want to try a new position.* Sandpaper grip pad on the pad does a nice job of gripping my shoes while they are on it  -- no slipping and sliding unnecessarily.* Design - simple & uncomplicated, and in a discrete steel grey with black pad.  I like it.  It's not like the unsightly purple plastic foot rest of one of my colleagues.* Packaging and weight - the box was small and light enough (still a little heavy, but perfectly reasonable for what it is) that it wasn't difficult once it arrived to bring it to work, where it will stay.* This feels like it'll last a very long time.  Plus, it has a 5 year warranty.Cons:* NoneIf you're looking for a footrest, I highly recommend this one.  I can't imagine you'll find much better.Prang chalk is THE BEST CHALK.  The colors stay true and they write smooth.  It is the only chalk I will bother to buy.Are all chalks created equal?  The answer is 'NO'...crayola leaves residue on chalkboards that is impossible to get off...meaning, if you have a board at home and use crayola, you're making a big mistake.  This brand and Quartet are far and away better and will not destroy your board...My wife and I recently did a DIY project of creating our own chalkboard for the kitchen (thanks to Pinterest). We bought chalkboard paint and painted it on a glass window. It took a couple coats but after the 3rd one, it was ready to go.She asked if I would buy her some chalk on Amazon after the chalk she bought (some cheap brand) did not write on her board cleanly/evenly. Having been out of school for a long time (I haven't seen chalk since college), I didn't know there was such thing as "quality chalk" or "low dust chalk". I thought chalk was chalk!After reading several reviews on various products, I finally settled for Prang Hygieia. According to other reviewers who seem to know more than me, Prang is one of the "best" chalk brands. Wanting to learn more, I found this from a 3rd party website (Amazon does not let you link externally).**HYGIEIA CHALK Hygieia is made of 95% pure calcium carbonate. This high percentage of pure levigated or refined chalk means it is virtually free of grit, greasy binders, or other ingredients harmful to board surfaces. This high quality produces a clean, white mark, easily legible anywhere in the classroom. It erases easily (the heavier particles settle in the chalk tray and significantly cut down on dust). Hygieia outlasts ordinary chalk, and actually preserves chalkboard surfaces by keeping the "tooth" of the board in perfect writing condition.**I'm not a geologist, so I have no clue what calcium carbonate does vs whatever traditional chalk is made of but this chalk truly is magical. It writes smoothly/evenly/clearly (even on chalkboard paint surfaces). There doesn't seem to be much dust at all and it erases nicely.My only complaint is that some of the chalk arrived in broken pieces but I'm not docking stars for that. Out of all 12 sticks, only 2 of mine were broken. Bottom line, chalk is fragile. Whether you buy it from Amazon or you buy it at your local store like Walmart. All of it comes from the same place and it is stored in warehouses. The slightest drop/bump/hit will break your chalk. If you get a pack with all of them in one piece, then consider yourself lucky. But there is no reason to dock stars just because your chalk is broken. That's like docking stars from a Butterfinger or Heath candy bar that isn't in one piece.I've currently got three boxes of lightly used chalk out by my kitchen chalkboard:  The Prang that is the subject of this review,Quartet Alphacolor Chalk Sticks, Assorted Colors, 8 Colors, 12/Pack (305003), andHagoromo Fulltouch Chalk Assorted Colors 12pcs.  All were ordered from Amazon and all came with more or less equal shares of breakage, which is pretty consistent with my prior experiences buying chalk.  If it doesn't come broken, you'll break it as you go.  Which is an argument right there for the thick, tough sidewalk chalk, in case you might otherwise like spending the big bucks to have your kids create in the driveway.The cheapie Prang works very well.  I really can't fault it for casual usage, and it falls a bit short only in direct side-by-side comparison with premium chalk.The Hagoromo chalk offers a few extras.  It's coated, to minimize dust on hands.  It has a noticeably brighter color palette than the Prang.  My eldest, who has taken a few drawing classes, noticed right away how creamy and precise the application of this brand was, as opposed to the Prang chalk.The Quartet Alphacolor, however, beats both of the other chalks for sheer eye-popping color.  It's not fluorescent. (Although the Alphacolor line has that as well.)  It's just really bright, in case that's the deciding factor for your needs. Please see my customer images on this product page for examples of color variances.At this writing, the Hagaromo costs about 25% less than the Alphacolor.  Really, it's a question of whether you want maximum brightness, artistic precision with some of the "feel" of fine pastels - or just very good quality at a rock bottom price.I guess as s kid, I did not mind, but as an adult, these things are messy, but work great.  Some where broken but I guess that was USPS.Very thin and flimsy plastic.  Dropped them.  Several cracked and the lead in the others broke into pieces.  What a waste.My youngest child is one of those people (like my Dad, not me)to whom math is beautiful music. This is her "Trig" tool of choice. Fun colors, inexpensive and comfort grip. Can't beat that!I use these all the time in woodworking.  The leads are small to produce accurate markings.  I do not recommend these with pine or other rough faced wood.  The leads in those applications break to easily.  When working with most hard woods (I use cherry a lot) these are excellent.Bought these to have around the house since they were a pretty good price.  The grip is a nice addition, though it is not very soft, just prevents your fingers from sliding.  Cheap clips, don't bend them too far or they'll snap.  Eraser is of pretty good quality, not too plasticky.  The lead that comes in the pencils is rather scratchy, so I just replaced it with a softer grade of lead I had lying around.  Lightweight so that your hand won't get too tired as well.  Overall these are not bad for the price.I don't know about anyone else, but I go through more of these things than I do paper, every-time I reach for a pencil its gotten legs and left for a better life in someones else's pocket. So I buy a dozen at a time when I see them on sale. the quality is still good in all the name brand packages. If you write a lot, they are indispensable.What more can you say?  They work fine in my new Bic pencil and come in easy to access packaging.Look at the measurements before you buy -- these are the really tiny ones. Seems more like 1&#34; x 1&#34;Not much to say about these cute little Post-it Notes other than they are indeed 2&#34; x 2&#34; in size.  The colors are great and they work perfectly.These are quite small, but the colors are bright and they stick well. Good product, good value, would purchase again.Post-it's have been in use in my office for many years and always work like a charm. These are a good size for me.Great stocking stuffer for daughter who works shifts and needs posties for frig reminders. They were bought on sale. Would not pay full price.A ton of post-it notes. I use these every day and I just made it into the second cube. You write things on them and then stick them to things, so that's pretty useful.8 months and I still have so much!These post-its are the perfect size for reminders, random thoughts, whatever I need to jot down and procrastinate about!  I feel like I waste less paper and they last longer than regular post-it notes.  Same sticky power.  Great bold colors (exactly as shown in pictures).Dixon Ticonderoga #2 pencil is what they say.  Worlds best,  well made,  good lead,  ( somewhat soft I feel ) Price is good on quanity.After hearing frustrating reports from our step grandson about pencils he currently had I decided to give &#34;Dixon Ticonderoga Wood-Cased Pencils, #2&#34; as try.Wow great feed back and will definitely be purchasing more for our other grand children. Thanks for providing a reliable product!!!Highly recommend.What do i say, a Ticonderoga # 2 Yellow pencil has been around for years. I was told in 1946 by teacher.. thats the best pencil. used it ever since !These are the best pencils I have found for my children to use. The lead doesn't break easily, and the wood stands up to sharpening. I will use these every school year.This is the best pencil in the World. Writing is crisp and clear. My daughter has used them for all school reports. True to the advertising. My daughter loves them! Thanks to Toconderoga website, The number on a pencil indicates the degree of hardness or softness of the writing core. The writing core is made from graphite and clay. The more graphite in a pencil - the darker the mark. The more clay in a pencil - the lighter the mark. For example, H is hard, B is black, F is a fine point, and HB is hard and black. Ticonderoga pencils are available in five degrees:1 / B - (extra soft / black)2 / HB - (soft / hard black)2.5 / F - (medium / fine)3 / HF - (hard / fine)4 / 2H - (extra hard)Dixon Ticonderoga has always claimed to be the &#34;world's best pencil&#34;, at it is.  They simply write better, last longer and feel good.  Worth the little extra.these are fantastic pencils made by elves. ok, perhaps not elves but people who are happy to make pencils and sing a little pencil song and wear pointy toed shoes. ok, maybe they dont, but i like to think my pencils are made with love and that's because i love the smell of pencil shavings, and erasers, and paper. i never liked homework, but i love to draw and these are the tools by which artists of every age and caliber live. a Ticonderoga pencil has been in my pocket since i was a boy, i hope that doesn't change.Awesome, just Awesome, kids today seem to do so littlle writing with pencils, everything is pens etc BUY THESE PENCILS!!!! THINK OF THE CHILDREN!!!!I use this paper as my all purpose paper in my law office. It is not as cheap as the cheapest paper but it is more presentable, and yet it is inexpensive enough that I now use it for almost everything.This is my favorite paper for printing documents and just all-around everyday printing on an inkjet printer.  Printing is always crisp and ink does not soak through.  However, for photos or large images I recommend the next heavier weight of paper.  This 22lb paper can get a little wavy if soaked with ink from a very dense image.Not quite the color experience I was looking for but its not bad for the money, and would buy againI really am picky about the inkjet paper I use. I find it so much easier to read documents printed on paper with a 96 brightness, verses a 92.I also like a thick paper, as it is easier to handle since it has some substance. I can also send out a professional letter in a pinch on this if I run out of letterhead. ;-)I think it is well worth the money, especially for someone like myself who has to read a lot of briefs. Also, the paper allows you to write on it without bleeding...another big plus.  Also, have never had a jam on any printer with this paper, including my little portable one.For what your getting, the price of $8 is a good buy.I'm using this on an HP Photosmart C40280 and it's working just fine. The paper isn't too light, and is a good consistency. Very good deal if you need a lot of paper for reports, etc.Costs a bit more than the cheap paper but if you want quality in your printed matter, this is worth the price.This paper works well with our HP Photosmart printer.  Text and pictures are crisp and colorful. The print does not smudge and the color does not fade.hello,i have been a long time hp printer user (5 printers/copiers)  this hp paper is really good and makes b/w reports stand out when printed.  the color maps and other color printing jobs come out well, too.  but, if good color is necessary for whatever, use a smooth glossy or matte photo paper to get the best color resolution on your printing projects.  for every day use, this paper does an excellent job.  it is a toss up as to which service delivers the fastest, hp factory store or amazon.  the last several printing paper orders came from amazon and for a free two day delivery service, it actually came the very next day.  that is outstanding...The HP All-in-One Printing paper is the best for the money.  Whatever I use it for, comes out nice and clean and clear.I prepare a Newsletter every month, and I have had no problems with printing on this paper.  I have had many compliments on the work that I do.  I would recommend this paper very highly!I find that Amazon.com is a wonderful site and I would recommend buying from them any time you can, whether it be for this printing paper or anything else.  It is a wonderful company and I trust them very highly.It's paper and it's white.  What more can I say about inkjet paper?  I do find that using HP paper in an HP printer results in less jambing.  I also appreciate the lower price that Amazon offers.neaded a paper that was a little heavier for a project and this works great thank you thank you normThis is quality paper that feels a little thicker than the printer paper I have used before. I haven't had problems with the printer grabbing two sheets at a time since I've been using this. Print jobs look crisp on it and the colors show up bright.My only criticism is I wish it had a 98 brightness. But given it isn't that easy to find good-quality 22-lb paper (in my experience, 20-lb paper is too thin and color bleeds through; 24-lb paper is a little too heavy and more prone to jamming in inkjet and all-in-one printers, though color does not bleed through), I can't really complain. It is the right thickness, gives good color saturation, and is a sturdy paper. Perfect for my needs. Some people think cheap, off-brand paper is as good as the more expensive brands like HP or Epson or Hammermill, but I have always found paying a little more for better paper is worth the higher cost.22# paper is not so easy to find however I have gotten 12 packs here at Amazon over time. It is the only paper I have used that will work in 3 printers and 2 faxes I have without a single jam and has not yet left any buildup on any of them. On the plus side the brightness is greatI wasn't expecting to be so pleased with these, but the results are stellar--cards you'll be proud to give. I've gotten many compliments on them!Nice alternative toHallmark Blank Greeting Cards Half-fold Matte Premium 20 Count.  I like to switch out every so often.  Highly recommend for making your own greetings.These are much better than the price.  The texture is very good and gives a professional look at a low price.  The card is scored to gold perfectly and the envelope texture and color matches very well.  The card holds colors extremely well.I thought I would be pleased with these, but it didnt happen.First off, the prints leave a lot to be desired. As opposed to glossy whitecard stock in which the printing pops, the prints on this have no pop andappear to be washed out. In addition the stock seems to be somewhat onthe flimsy side. All together, a very poor choice. I'll use it forsomething else.I LOVE making my own personalized greeting cards.  People I send them to feel like the card was made just for them, as it was.I subscribe to a wonderful greeting card web site that allows me to select and make my own greeting cards for ALL occasions.  I can edit the verses and make it personal using the receiver's name... etc... I have both sized the half flod size 5&#34;x8&#34; card size and the quarter fold card size = 4&#34;x5&#34; .  I have great fun making my cards and printing them out on my computer's printer.  This is the only brand of blank greeting card paper I use and for years have had great success.  I recommend this product for any who wish to make greeting cards.This is an affordable kit ,  you get both the thick Greeting card type paper (textured) as well as envelopes for the half fold cards that you can create. This is a great buy.It's typical Avery quality. As nice or nicer than the Hallmark labeled brand, at a more competitive price, and, produces quality cards.These Sarasa gel pens are great to write with. The ink flows evenly and smoothly. However, as with all gel pens, the ink does not last as long as it does with an old-fashioned ball-point pen. If you use these pen for art work (as I do) you need to know that the ink in the light blue pen is almost as dark as the ink in the navy pen. Also, the burgundy ink is more of a dark brown than a dark red (although that is true for other brands as well). Over all, these are some of the best gel pens available (although pricy $$$).A very nice collection of retractable pens and at this time a great price (under $10).  The pens write well with excellent flow and adequate heft, just like we'd expect any ballpoint pen to, and lack the jiggling or drag of some ball-based gel pens.  In fact, there is no particular variation in writing effort required from one color to the next.  My favorite colors are a dark (and highly visible) green, and a reddish rust.  I do not use these pens to write page upon page, but have been using them for over a year and none of them has failed me yet.  Very strong recommendation.Zebra Sarasa Gel Retractable Roller Ball Pens / B0000AQNW5I bought these to use with my ever-growing "to do" list of chores - I use the colors to categorize chores and organize my thinking. I really just bought these at random, figuring I'd make the best of whatever I got, but I *love* these Zebra pens so much that I'm thinking of using them for all my writing, not just list-making.1. Readable: Most assorted color sets have at least two or three colors that are so light, you can barely read them. Not so here - even the lightest colors (orange and lime green) are easy to read, so you really are getting 10 pens here, not 8 and two junk pens.2. No-Smear: A lot of gel pens seem to "bleed" all over the page, or take forever to dry and smear whenever you turn the page, but these Zebra pens dry almost instantly - I've yet to cause any smears.3. No-Cap: Retractable, so there's no cap to lose or accidentally knock off.4. Comfortable: The rubber grip is very comfortable and smooth - no ridges, bumps, or anything fancy to get on your nerves.5. Easy Writing: The points are just perfect on these. Sometimes I struggle with certain brands of roller ball pens, or maybe the pen has to be held at a "just so" angle, but these write splendidly no matter how you hold them.~ Ana MardollThese are my very favorite pens. I love how they write, I love the colors, and the price is great! Will definitely buy again!A handy group of colored ink pens -- very handy where you need different colors. They seem to be good pens.Theese Pens Write Well - Enough.....  The Colors Are Fun, Too!  The Only Issue?  Not All Colors Are Dark Enough To See On A Piece Of Paper!  I Write Letters...And I Can't Use Ink That Is So Light....My Friend Has To SquintI decided to try these pens after being sent a couple of them with something else I bought.  I loved them and decided to try a 10-pack of all the colors.  They work well and the colors are great!  I can use the colors on different subjects when I file things and it will make items easier to spot.  There is a free case included but be careful opening the plastic so you don't ruin the case.  Also, the .07 is the line size I like as I am not a fan of the real tiny lines on some of the pens.Work great right out of the box.  You will receive them with wax covering the tips so the ink doesn't dry out while being shipped to you. They make my notes look beautiful!All I ask of my gel pens is: write a continuous line.  Do not leave random blank segments in my writings that require others to hieroglyphically decode.  And the Zebras make the grade.Bright colors, comfortable to hold, and they don't leave gaps -- nice solid lines of ink.  And what's more, this does seem to dry unusually quickly, so it's smudge-resistant.  Glad I found these!Love these pens, just like those gel ones that are so popular.  I will buy more.  I am very happy with this purchase.Wilson Jones can be counted on to make nice, sturdy office products and this binder is no exception.  This is definitely one to add to your office inventory.This is a very standard white, three-ring binder, exactly like the ones that I have used at work and in school over the years.  It is sturdy, yet flexible, and the three rings open and close without difficulty.  But I do see one serious drawback, which could possibly be isolated to my particular binder. The plastic cover that wraps around the binder is very loose, particularly on the back side.In fact, this is the loosest plastic covering I have ever seen on a binder, to the point where a piece of paper tucked inside (between the white notebook and the clear plastic backing) might easily fall out of the back if turned upside down.  In fact, it doesn't even seem like the plastic cover does much good at all, as loose as it is.  This could be a defect with my particular binder, but it really doesn't hold up to other binders of its kind in the one regard.On the plus side, there are clear plastic pockets on the inside front and back. It's a simple feature but much appreciated. I can't tell you how many binders I have picked up over the years that lack pockets on the inside.  All in all, this is a decent binder, no more no less. It is certainly equivalent to any cheap white binder I might pick up at the grocery store.This binder is white as snow and just as basic as any other binder. It's a great basic binder that should work well for school or the office.No complaints to report -- it holds the paper well enough and is sturdy enough to carry around. It is PVC free which is a great bonus.I find it to be a bit pricey (currently at $8+). For a four pack, that seems like a reasonable price, but for one basic binder that is a bit much, in my opinion.This is an excellent basic binder. It's a usable medium size, with (slightly stiff) round rings and a handy fold-out front cover. The cover is an inoffensive shade of white. A sheet of thin, clear plastic is wrapped all the way around the outside, providing slots to slip in a full sheet of title/cover paper at both front and back, plus a strip of paper to label the spine. Likewise, a strip of the same plastic extends all the way around the inside to about a third of the height of the binder. This provides front and back slots to slip in a sheet or two of paper that you haven't gotten around to punching.  I buy such binders six or so at a time.This is a plain white binder with three rings that snap open.  It says it is PVC free which I assume is a good thing.  The binder is sturdy and a convenient size to keep notebook paper in.  This also works will with clear plastic three hole sheets as a photo album.  I have used several of these to hold our collection of ancient family photos which had been in such old albums that they were disintegrating. One and a half inches is a small size which is easy to manage and hold on my lap to look at photos, and this is the best size for your sales presentation binders also as it doesn't intimidate or overwhelm your client when you show this to him.Awesome awesome great product very into the quality I am so happy thank you for a quality product Thank you Thank youI was satisfied with this binder.  It is a good size at 1 1/2 inches, so I could fit a bit more in my binder than the &#34;regular&#34; 1 inch ones.  It is holding up good, even though I have it stuffed.  I really like it a lot, because it is good quality.This seems to be sturdy material my son loves binders he will be using this next year maybe this year I don't really have a preference on what type of binders this one is great!This binder also attaches with only two metal brads to the plastic spine:  I keep wondering why a third isn't added for stability. But, since this isn't the biggest binder (at 1.5 inches), it should be secure.  Paper turns easy with the round rings (some are U-shaped that make it very awkward and liable to tear).The view portion is useful: I put my son's summer homework in this with his schedule on the front view pocket and some of his writing ideas on the back.  Overall, other than the spine attachment, this feels sturdy.This binder is adequate for storage only. It opens and close with ease but is too flimsy to withstand heavy use. The outer plastic covering provides a wonderful opportunity to make it your own by inserting individualized cover sheets. However the plastic overlay was attached in such a manner that it is obviously doesn't fit giving it a cheap and amateurish look. There are interior pockets and the binder will hold up to 275 letter sized sheets.While I appreciate that it is made of recycled materials and is PVC free, it has little else to recommend it. It looks and feels cheap and is unlikely to withstand the rigors of daily use. Fine for storage it is  otherwise unimpressive.There is not much to say about this item. I consider it a good product. It looked like it did in the picture and was not damaged in any way. The binder clips operated properly. Over all I was pleased with this item, and will order this item again if I need more.This is a good binder for my needs. It's a pretty basic binder with nothing incredibly fancy. So far it proves fairly durable. I do like the clear view front and back. It's a good binder for the price.I really like this company's heavy duty binders.  Their basic binder is just that - basic.  It has decent rings which open and snap shut OK, and it feels like it won't immediately fall apart.Beyond that, it's a binder.  It does not feel cheap and the plastic material used seems a bit better than vinyl.  But on teh downside, it's a bit expensive compared to the competition from Avery or store brands.I would recommend this for light use, but it is pretty much the same as any other &#34;basic&#34; level binder.I had over 700 photos to put in secure pages and bind them into a binder so they  were easy to view. Since I am also an artist it was great to be able to use the  prints of my art work to display in the cover of the binder both back and front. That is the main reason I purchased two of the big binders. ThanksI have a plethora of folders in my library each with unique capabilities. This folder "Wilson Jones 362 Basic Round Ring View Binder, 2 Inch, White (W362-44W)" has all the necessary pockets and places to slide in the content list and pictures of what is holding. The ring spine is offset to one side making it more convenient to lie flat on a desk.I'm using this particular folder to hold a portion of my Notgeld collection. It is very convenient for transportation.Just a note be careful what you places up against as the external transparent cover will pick up Nick sending us if placed on something that is not flat. However I know you would not do that.Wilson Jones is a known quantity for us in the shop, they have always he,ld up extremely well even in the extreme heat of Tejas, the hinges hold up well even after being over-extended and the locking mechanisms lock and release easily and dependably! bogieThe list price on this item ($11.96) seems surprisingly high for something as simple as a ring binder. The price here at Amazon is a little more realistic. This seems to be a nice, quality binder. It's certainly bigger than most, measuring 11.5 x 11 x 2.7 inches. It opens and closes the way you'd expect, and claims to have the capacity to hold 375 sheets. It looks nice. The rings are sturdy. It does what a ring binder is supposed to do: hold loose-leaf papers.This is a very nice, sturdy binder with solid rings that close firmly but don't try to snap your fingers off (occasionally a problem on binders this big). It works well and has the capacity necessary to support large, paper-intensive projects. I took off a star because the clear plastic surrounding the outside that is supposed to hold the label/cover of your choice is very, very thin and a bit flimsy. If you only intend to stick one label in there and leave it alone, I'm sure it would be fine. If you anticipate frequent label changes or rough handling, though, it might be best to opt for something with thicker cover plastic.If you're looking for a round ring binder, this is a good one.  The sleeves on the cover make it customizable.  The rings hold tight with no gaps.  This is an all around amazing binder.  You'll be dazzled.I ordered these binders to keep class notes and materials organized, and the binders are perfect. They are sturdy and stand up to being open and closed several times a day, and they stand up to being stacked with other books and shuffled around inside my bag. My only issue is that they are a little smaller than I expected, and I'm not sure they will be big enough for an entire course-long collection of class notes, handouts, and materials. Next time I will order the 1.5 or 2 inch size, especially for courses that are very material-focused.The binder mechanism is great, so far- no snags or pinching, and fairly easy to open and shut.A bonus is that you can slide in paper on both covers and the spine, so you can personalize the binders to match whatever organizing scheme you have going on. I just threw in some patterned paper so I could tell the binders apart and it looks great. Very clean.Highly recommended, but if you need to organize a lot of paper/notes/materials, definitely get a size bigger than you think you'll need.This 1.5 inch binder is very similar to some of the more expensive Wilson Jones binders but they cost a lot less. I have two kids and I know how expensive school supply shopping can become. You want to send your kids to school with quality supplies but it's nice to be able to pinch some pennies every once in a while. This binder is still very strong but at a more reasonable price.It has a smooth and strong exterior with a clear cover for adding labels, decorations or pictures. It has two interior pockets that are clear. It also has large rounded rings that make it easy to add papers. The rings are a little hard to open and close and they are loud but they hold your papers securely in place.Found that this is just the right size 3 ring notebook to store my favorite recipes. Since I type them in Word and then punch holes in each page, this notebook does a beautiful job of storing the recipes.In addition, I placed a cute cover sheet on the outside that says: My Favorite Recipes.Inside the notebook in the inside covers front and back are small pockets for small items such as SD cards, 3 x 5 cards or even business cards etc.Love that when I open up this notebook on my kitchen counter, I can bend the cover back flat and easily read my recipe. Also I have stood up the notebook and placed it against my canister set so I can easily read the recipe and add the ingredients.Suggestion: Add either 5 set of subject dividers or 8 set dividers.For me, I added the Avery 5 set dividers with write on labels:http://www.amazon.com/Avery-Write-On-Dividers-5-Tab-23076/dp/B00006IBZ2/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1398273450&sr;=8-1&keywords;=5+subject+dividerHighly recommend this notebook!I've tried the Wilson Jones Ultra-Duty 3-ring binders, and those were a step above these basic binders.Drawbacks:*Hinges not reinforced; susceptible to tear after repeated use.*Standard rings with serrated teeth; tend to misalign over time and snag paper.*Moderate thumb pressure needed at both tabs to open the ringsBottom Line:Pay an extra $1.78 and get the Wilson Jones Ultra Duty binders.  It's a low price to pay for more durability and ease of use.These are perfect sized binders for storing an assortment of papers I use for my research.  They claim that they hold 275 sheets and the claim is very accurate.  I do have a preference for the &#8220;never-gap&#8221; ring notebooks that Wilson Jones has to offer.  The reason is that if I cram the notebook, they don&#8217;t have a tendency to open as easily.  When you go to load the notebook, simply divide the sheets up and put them on either side of the rings.FEATURES:&#9658;  Customizable cover and spine simplify binder labeling and personalization&#9658;  1-1/2 inch D-ring binder holds 270 sheets&#9658;  Features our strongest binder covers and extra durable hinge for years of reliable use&#9658;  Custom formulated, PVC Free polyproThis is a great size for a notebook and I&#8217;ve already filled up the ones I have.  Many of my materials have remained loose and were simply held together with large rubber bands or in large envelopes.  These would be perfect for setting up lesson plans, schoolwork, or any odd assorted project anyone has around the house.The pockets on the front, back and spine are perfect to &#8216;customize&#8217; your notebooks.  I&#8217;m taking the front identifying sheet of my material and putting it in the front pocket so I can easily see what&#8217;s inside the notebook.  I really like these notebooks, and frankly, by the time I headed out to the big box store to purchase them, I&#8217;d be spending a lot more money.WILSON JONES:Wilson Jones View-Tab Transparent DividersWilson Jones WorkStyle Erasable-Tab Index DividersWilson Jones Cut and Sewn Binder, Round RingsWilson Jones WorkStyle Cut and Sewn Round Ring BinderWilson Jones Minute Book, Bound, Locking SpineWilson Jones Ring Ledger Sheets, 5 x 8.5 InchesWilson Jones 362 Basic Round Ring View BinderWilson Jones ColumnWrite Columnar PadWilson Jones 812 Telephone Address Book, Round RingWilson Jones Ring Ledger Binder, 1 Inch Capacity, 5.5 x 8.5 Inch Size, BlueThis is a good quality, basic 1.5" 3-ring binder with clear view on the front, spine and back covers. The clear view has a frosted texture to prevent laser printed paper from sticking to it.  The inside covers have 2 clear view pockets. The O-rings are tight with wavy tips to prevent pages from slipping through. A level at each end of the binding assembly is used to open and close the O-rings (can also be closed by pinching the rings together).I have a higher end binder from the same manufacturer and it has better hinges on the covers and an improved binding assembly that can be operated easily by only one hand with a lever. Functionally, both binders will do the job just fine. However, the higher end one is more durable due to the better hinge design, and has more colors to choose from.Nice binder for school. My kids like using these binders for all there subjects. They work great are easy to open and close and usually last a whole year.This binder may not be as "heavy duty" construction as some but it is a good basic binder. I debated between 4 stars --as a good, basic binder--but settled with 5 stars for a few reasons (other than that I really do prefer white binders, though these are all also available in black. the sizes vary-- 1/2"  holds 120 normal papers, this 1 1/2" holds 275 pages and the 3" which holds 625 pages.)1. View cover.  I use a lot of binders and really like the view cover where I can insert my own paper that tells me the contents of the binder at a glance.  I really like that this one let's you put an insert in the front, the back and into the spine as well.2. Construction.  The chipboards aren't as heavy as some you'll find, but they're perfectly acceptable imo and the rings line up well and work well--so far, no breaking;The 362 round ring binder is available in black or white, from3. Inside pockets.  I use lots of papers without holes. It is VERY nice to have two pockets for these loose pages on the inside front and back of the binder.4. Environmentalism.  I'm sure me buying or getting rid of a binder or two isn't going to make a big difference for pollution and waste in the environment, however, I also believe, "every bit helps". That's really what pushed this from 4 to a 5 rating. Vinyl--the usual material for binders--contain PVC and can't be recycled. This binder is 100% PVC free and "does not release harmful toxins into the air". It is also made of completely recycled chipboard and has "32% post-consumer waste minimum recycled content"--so, a third of the materials have all been recycled.This is all very good, in my opinion, and I'm willing to sacrifice a little of "ruggedness" in the overall design to choose a product that is better for the environment.The Wilson Jones 362 Basic Round Ring View Binder is basic but allows for full customization whether for home, office, or school use. It can hold up to 275 sheets of paper and has two inner pockets for extra storage. The outer area of the binder which include the front, back, and spine feature a clear overlay  which allows you to personalize the binder however you'd like and change it up whenever you'd like. The three-ring system take a little effort to open and close but that ensures me that once something is place in that it's not going anywhere. This binder is PVC Free and the chipboard is 100% recycled with 75% post consumer waste making it a better choice for the environment.Durability seems pretty high as a opened and closed many times and tugged it here and there and it still seems to be holding up as a good as new. There's no weird air bubbles or anything like that. If white isn't your color, this binder also comes in black as well as blue. So far, I'm liking this binder for school use. Time and continued daily use will tell in how long it will keep it's like new quality but for now, I'm quite pleased.Just you ordinary 3 ring white binder with clear cover. This binder has 3 round rings inside that have a trigger on each end to pull apart to open. Hard to close using triggers.  It is easier to close by pushing the center rings together, but be careful it can get your finger.It's hard to say how this will hold up over time since I have only been using it for a couple weeks, but so far it seems fairly durable for holding normal paperwork. I would consider this medium duty, as it's not flimsy but it's also not built for commercial situations. This is a good school or home binder that looks clean and has a nice ring mechanism that works well so far.Assuming that you haven't discovered D-ring binders yet and still actually want round-ring binders, this one may handle the task.  But in this, I found a few things lacking.First, the cover of the entire binder (where you'd slide papers into to make a &#34;cover&#34;) isn't very tight, so instead of a clean and sharp, it looks like it's wrapped in the loose skin of an 80 year old person.  Second, the price.  At time of writing, this is just under 9 bucks.  I can find cheaper elsewhere.  And lastly, it's not D-ring.  Maybe a personal preference, but I can't personally see why anyone would want round ringers over D rings.As far as positives - it's a binder, it does its job, and the rings all open and close without coming misaligned, even stuffed with some notebook paper.  So, not entirely recommended, but it certainly can do the job.The latching mechanism feels solid and well built, but the translucent sleeves feel loose and distort anything you put into the cover. I was hoping that these would be transparent, like the typical 3-ring binder. It's nice that these are PVC-free, but are rather pricey and I prefer the quality of the Avery binders. Nonetheless, these are still solid for use in an office environment.Overall: 4/5 stars, wish the sleeves were totally transparent and tighter.Good deal on this binder it is plain but you do not get the devider just the binder.The 1 1/2" Wilson Jones 362 Basic Round Ring View Binder is a very nice binder in the world of binders.  It has some nice features.  For example, it is easy to open and close by pressing down on the metal end tabs.  The rings come together completely; there are no gaps to allow sheets to become damaged when turning them.  There are two inside pockets for holding documents; they are thin, transparent pockets that won't hold much and may tear over time.The covers and spine can be easily customized by visiting wilsonjones.com and following simple directions after searching for the model number, W362-34WV; one does not have to register to use the free templates; therefore one doesn't have to worry about losing one's identity.  Furthermore, the covers are PVC free and are safe for the environment and appropriate for recycling.  This binder also comes in a variety of colors.Wilson Jones, however, has some nicer binders, such as the D-Ring binders [Wilson Jones Heavy Duty D-Ring View Binder with Extra Durable Hinge, 1 1/2-Inch, White (W385-34WPP1)] that hold more paper than the ones with standard round rings.  The D-Ring binders have all the same features except the rings are shaped like the letter "D" and the edges along the spine are "knitted" and more durable.  Nevertheless, the Wilson Jones 362 Basic Round Ring View Binder is great for home and office use.Joseph B. HoyosThis Wilson Jones basic round ring view binder is pretty much what the item title says - a basic binder that has plastic sleeves and pockets on both the outside and inside, where you can insert something. This is useful for business materials or identifying the contents. The plastic sleeves seem a bit flimsy, not likely to be too durable if your notebook gets rough treatment or heavy use. The round rings have opened and closed smoothly so far, and this binder has a pretty good sheet capacity, ideal for 3 hole loose leaf paper. This binder has a light feel to it, not as solid as some other binders I've used, while it seems like it will be sufficient for ordinary uses. The use of polypropylene rather than PVC is a positive step for the environment, while I would like to see the cost of these lower, as Amazon's present price is high for this basic type of binder. These are decent basic view binders, while they are not presently priced to compete with deals you can find on similar items from major office supply retailers.This 1.5 inch binder is typical of most less expensive view binders carried at box office supply stores. The front cover, back cover, and end side are all made viewable for ease in customizing the binder covers.This is a standard binder for routine use. If you need a heavy duty DURABLE binder, keep looking at other binders.This Wilson Jones Binder is well made and quite large. It's sturdy and durable, and it can hold folders, several notebooks or loose-leaf paper. It holds up well when carried in a backpack or briefcase. Perfect for school or business presentations.Nice binder, seems sturdy.  It works perfectly and I have no complaints.  It is plain white, but the front and the spine eacg have a clear plastic pocket cover, so you can place your own text or graphics there to identify the contents and make the binder prettier and distinctive.I've used many three ring binders in my life and this is by far the cheapest in quality of any I've ever used.  Being that I am not keen on leaving a single star review for products, always trying to find redeeming qualities, this is one of the rare products that really is not worthy of purchase unless it can be found at a dollar store and you are desperate for a matte white binder.  Mine arrived with some dirt inside the rear cover's clear sheet and I cannot for the life of me get it out.  Because the material is so thin and flimsy, I will not try any more for fear of tearing it.  The corners of the binder are each already bent and the cardboard structure is clearly less sturdy than any of the other binders I currently have in my home or office.  The 1 1/2 inches of this binder will hold more papers than I would trust to be protected by this binder.  With a basic round three ring hardware attached to the rear of the cover, I expect that a full binder would fall apart very quickly.  I cannot with a clear conscience recommend this binder.It got here quick and it is well made. There is a nice pocket on the outside. The ring openers work well.This is a &#34;nothing special&#34;, standard kind of three ring binder. I use a lot of these for storing my ATC collection. I think it will hold up fine to the minimal usage I will be giving it. Not so sure it would last a school year though with a student.It's not necessarily easy to pick and choose basic school or office supplies online. A lot of times, there are subtle differences in the way things feel or operate. I like to have the item before me so that I may better judge if it is for me. When you look at three ring binders, for example, you wouldn't think there would be much difference beyond size. But the Wilson Jones brand offers several different choices: Basic, Heavy Duty D-Ring, and Ultra Duty. What exactly is the difference?Basic (3 Stars): The Basic Round Ring View Binder is about the standard when it comes to these three hole binders. It is white plastic covered with a clear plastic covering (into which you can insert a title page or decorative art to personalize the generic binder). This clear plastic extends inside to give you two slots to use as interior folders. The three ring contraption, itself, is made of metal, has two metal tabs to open and close, and works exactly as you might expect. Although perfectly acceptable for most uses, the exterior plastic is a bit loose and sloppy and I wished it was a sleeker in design. I got the 1 1/2 inch version and I liked that sizing.Ultra Duty (3 1/2 Stars): The Ultra Duty Round Ring View Finder claims to have extra durable hinges. I'm not really able to ascertain what they are talking about with this assertion. I will say that the white plastic binder may seem a bit sturdier (not to a whole different degree, though) and the covering is better adhered to the product. The metal three ring contraption is slightly different. Instead of two metal tabs (one on each side), this has one plastic tab and is a breeze to open. I'm not sure if I think this is more durable, it seems a bit less so and I'd be afraid of breaking the tab. I picked up both the 1 1/2 and the 2 inch versions and, while those sizes were nice, one already had a noticeable dent (once again causing me to question its Ultra Duty moniker).Heavy Duty (4 stars): The Heavy Duty D-Ring View Finder also states it has that extra durable hinge. I don't know about that, but its feel and construction are similar to the Ultra Duty. The main difference here is the three ring contraption. It is set up as a D-Ring, meaning the right edge is flat and the left edge is curved. This is really good if you plan to use this as a tool for reading because pages lay flat and nice on one side until you flip them. There are two metal tabs to open and close the unit. Personally, I prefer the D-ring assembly because I think it keeps the pages more naturally ordered. I picked up the 1, 1 1/2 and 2 inch versions of this. This is, easily, my favorite as you get into the larger sizes. KGHarris, 7/14.Basic binder with no hidden featuers.  It opens and snaps closed, it's nice at 1 1/2 inches thick and we will get a lot of use out of it.With four kids in school and college, we use dozens of binders every year.  I usually catch a sale at Walmart or an office store, and stock up.  Our sons especially are hard on binders, and we end up replacing them before the school year is done.This Wilson Jones 2 inch binder is perfect for most classes - it has the standard clear sleeve on the front and back, for labeling or decorating.  It has round rings with two levers on the ends to push for opening and closing.  It's the standard size to hold 8.5 x 11" papers.What I didn't like is the bendy covers - mine came already bent in the mail, which wouldn't bode well for daily use.  We'll stick with more reasonably priced binders.It is a white binder with the advantage of having the plastic outside to put papers in there too. It is just a normal binder. but it works perfectly. I don't like that it is just white, but you can make your own design and put it in the cover's front plastic and another one in the back. Also, even though it is white, it hasn't gotten dirty and I have been using it a lot for different things in different places.Great purchase and cheaper than in any other store.I received this binder with a torn corner.  I'm not sure when or how this happened, but it did let me see that the plastic cover is not thick or strong at all.  It isn't the sturdiest binder I've ever had, but if it is going to be used for something that won't cause too much wear and tear, it would probably be okay.  I wouldn't buy another one like this because of the reasons posted above.Has a clear plastic insert space on the front and back cover, as well as the spine.  Also has easy to close and open rings in the center, which is sometimes a problem with binders.  Not with this one!These are flimsy and poorly constructed. Spend a couple dollars more and get better quality. The rings in the binder don't close, so loose leaf paper takes on a whole different meaning. If you plan on carrying these in a backpack, forget it, you may as well use paper folders.Interestingly, you can open this binder with either just the bottom or the top tabs, and you can close it by pinching just the bottom or the middle ring together, but you cannot close it by pinching just the top ring together - it springs back.This is pretty standard for a basic binder, and this is a fine basic binder overall.  I took off a star only because the extra-durable version of this binder by the same company has made me realize what could be better:  the connections between both sides of the hinges and the way the three flat pieces of the binder are connected.  At time of writing, their high-end line of the same size is about 2% more expensive than this model; you may want to check it out.Clear cover on the outside, inside slips on inside of cover. Rings snap open and closed with ease! Perfect for one subject or topic!I'll be using this for papers I need to refer to fairly often.  It looks durable enough for my uses.This is the standard binder that you've probably used a version of at some point.  No fancy features to set it apart, but the build quality is good and the seams are durable.  The hinges lack the one-touch button and require a bit of effort to lock and unlock.  Labeling is easy with the clear sleeves, though they are made of flimsy plastic.In short, this is exactly what you expect it to be.  If you want something practical and not a bit sexy, this will work well.the rings open up too easily an then after not long, they don't even close correctly.This is a three ring 1 1/2" white binder. In normal circumstances there wouldn't be much to report... but compared to one I recently purchased at a local superstore, it really falls short in durability for the price. The Wilson Jones model is not as sturdy, the clear coat plastic where you would slide a coversheet  is not exactly "clear," it's more matte and that may affect someone's display quality.So overall it's a usable, functional binder, but woah(!!) the price really makes this poorly rated. If it were $1.99 I'd give it higher stars because the price matches the quality. However, it is "environmentally friendly" so up to you if you want to spend more for an okay product, but feel better about the environment.I bought this for my niece to keep her school papers...I may have to exchange it for a 2&#34; binder for her.  That's okay too because I can always find a use for a binder in my &#34;organized&#34; surroundings.The binders are sturdy; they can be labeled very plainly or with impressive drawings, with labels being kept in plastic; they metal rings are tight, and they stay that way.  I have bought many of these binders and keep returning for more because they are such a good quality.For the larger binders, I have grown to love the &#34;D&#34; rings...so easy to open and I love the fact that the binder opens wide and flat!I really like this size because the 1 inch is a little small and the 2-3 inch is almost to much.  The 1 1/2 inch for me is great for so many different projects.From couponing to DIY projects and paper work organizers these binders are just right.  They are sturdy and tough and extremely affordable.  Recommended!This is a super nice top quality binder. It's extremely well made and seems built to last. It's very easy to open unlike many that I've used before and it's so nice and wide that it holds everything perfectly. I got several to get myself organized and they're really working great!As a person who tends to collect things, I place a high value on good storage equipment.  This notebook holds a LOT of patterns, with enough flexibility to move things around easily.  The extra little pockets on the covers are great for storing things that just don't 3-hole-punch very well.  Being able to put a title in both  the spine and front cover make it easy for me to sort what kind of pattern is in which notebook.  I can use any kind of divider I l ike, which makes for added flexibilty down the road.This binder feels like it would squish more easily than most. The covers don't match up. The transparent plastic covering on mine is a bit too loose and wrinkled in places. It's not much to look at.The O-shaped rings are on the back inside cover instead of the spine, so your paper are less likely to get bent. However, the open/close mechanism is a bit hard to work.There is a pocket on the inside of each cover. They are transparent so you can easily see what's inside.This will hold your papers but it doesn't feel like it will last very long, and if you want one that has a nice crisp appearance, skip this.Purchased these for the office to use for board members packets.  They open smoothly, not hard to close, nor cheaply made.This is what you would expect.  A simple 3 ring binder, larger size.  I would buy again.  the hardware lines up, hopefully it will stay shut when fully loaded!To say this binder is basic is an understatement it is stark white with a matte plastic cover that can allow custom inserts (project titles, etc.). The outer plastic is very, very thin and cheap and only one piece covers the entire binder, with no reinforcements at the seams. Honestly, I can't say it lasting very long and inserting an 8x10 title page on the front cover it moves around a lot, with a very loose fit, making that feature fairly useless. Even less helpful are the cheap interior plastic pockets, one of which was ripped off even before I got it.This is a dirt cheap binder, and it looks and feels it. For a few cents more there are better, longer-lasting options out there.This is a 3-ring, 2-inch binder excellent for home, office, or school use.It is well constructed of heavy cardboard covered plastic with clear plastic on front, back and side/spine so that you can add paper with information, titles, or labels to the binder without fear of the information getting damaged.I especially like the side panel/spine clear cover so that I can add a label to the spine. This helps when the binder is shelved so I can easily see what is in it without having to open it. The clear plastic continues on the inside creating sleeves on the inside front and inside back to hold more information or notes.This binder is great for organization of large projects.I have this binder in the 1 1/2" White option. I think it's pretty decent.  Nothing special but it's a pretty good quality.  I'm not sure it will hold up for an entire school year from my 6th grade son who's pretty brutal with his binders but it's one that would last with my 8th grade daughter who takes better care of her stuff.  I think it'd be best for a home office though where it's probably not going to be roughed up as much.There are 2 inner pockets.  One of mine came with a tiny hole from where one of the rings rubs on it.  It's nothing major but I hope it doesn't get bigger.I would recommend this binder for those that aren't real rough of their supplies.  For those that would need to use quite frequently or for younger children for school purposes you may want to get something a little more durable.When reviewing a 3-Ring Binder, there's really not much you can say.  The binder either works or it doesn't and it's either durable or it's not. There's also the price factor and if the binder comes with any extras.  This 3-RING BINDER from Acco-Wilson is a typical, one-inch 3-Ring Binder.  It works well for its size, has a sleeve pocket in the front and back, is rather durable. I've used these binders for work, school, and personal use and have never had a problem with them. The only negative is that these binders are a bit expensive. There not at all different from most binders available at retail stores that sell for about a half to a quarter of the price that they are sold for here at Amazon.The cover:If I am simply going to put papers in them and store them on the shelf, I like the hard binders.  I use this type for filing recipes and documents I need to access.  Since they are stiff they are easy to shove back onto the shelf.  In the classroom these also work better, as they are less likely to slip off the shelf than the flexible cover binders.However, I find that buying hard binders for my kids leads to problems.  The kids like to stuff these into their backpacks, and the edges where the plastic is sealed quickly start to peel off, and the covers get folded over.  For them, I have found that a flexible binder in general will make it farther though the school year.  They will sometimes crack along the spine, but usually not enough to make the binder unusable, and a little duct tape will fix it.The rings:The second thing to look at is the rings.  The best ones (in my opinion) are the D shaped, as they hold more, with the little dimple on one side that fits into a depression on the other side.  This prevents papers from getting caught as you flip through.  They also hurt less if you snap them onto your fingers!  The other closure (a zig zag) tends to get misaligned over time with hard use, and the sharp edges hurt more if you close them on your fingers.This binder has a clear front in which to slip a cover, and more importantly if you are filing on a shelf, an insert area along the spine.  I am a fan of this extra, and have found that printing on cardstock, then laying the binder on a flat surface makes it easy to insert the label However, it hast the zig zag round closure rings, which hold less and I find that they tend to misalign more often.  It does thave two clear plastic slots for shoving in some papers at the front and back.  The cover does have that wrinkled look.  I would not use it where presentation matters.  The price point is  very  reasonable so I give it a 4/5 for the value.  If you are planning on storing these on a shelf or for light duty use these would be fine.The rings on this binder close super tight and pages don't get caught on them while being turned. The rings are somewhat easy to open and close for me, but it does take two hands. The cover is nice and stiff, but not as stiff as the Wilson Jones binders I own that have the &#34;extra durable hinge.&#34;  I love that the rings are mounted on the back cover rather than on the spine so that my pages stay nice and flat while in use.  Overall, this is a nice basic binder from Wilson Jones, but they do have other 1 1/2&#34; binders for a comparable price that are more heavy duty.Feels a bit cheap but works and has the &#34;on the side&#34; design and clear pockets on the outside for paper inserts (without actually providing paper inserts). Does not include the &#34;paper pushers&#34; common in larger binders.I purchased several of these for each one of my college classes. The clasp ecumenism worked quite well, however the clear pockets on the outside started coming apart after a few months. But for the price, it's not bad!This is your basic , everyday three round ring binder. Nothing outstanding.  PVC free.I think attaching the ring assembly to the back cover instead of the spine might make it a little stronger.  My personal opinion is this binder would be perfectly adequate for storage but I'm not sure how it would hold up to every day use by a student, especially in a book-bag. I don't know why they say the inside pockets are opaque.  They're transparent like the outer over-covers, 4 inches tall. They would be handy for an index card, contents list etc.  You can customize the front and spine with your own designs or labels behind the clear over-lays.It comes in basic blue, black and white. It had never occurred to me before but I suppose the binder size refers to the height of the rings not the width of the spine. I don't guess that's an earth-shaking difference  but it might make a difference if you're multiplying the width by the number of binders you can fit on a specific shelf. The width of this binder is actually 2 inches wide.If you are looking for a lightweight bulletin board, this one is exactly that. It problem is that the same thing that makes it lightweight makes it less sturdy when it comes to being a bulletin board. It only has a small amount of cork on top.For a bedroom or office without a lot of activity, this works great, but if you want an extra study bulletin board, I would go in a different direction.Four stars, good for what it is. Not an exceptional board.This is a really huge cork board.  It's sturdy, and it has a plastic boarder to keep the edges from wearing.  You can hang it easily with the attached hardware.  Good buy.This is quite a difference from the usual Quartet boards we have around the house. This thing is really high quality, heavy and sturdy. It looks far better on our wall than the cheap plastic and staples Quartet boards we have around the house. Really adds an upscale look.I took the time to follow the mounting instructions and it was pretty easy. Wall attachment is excellent. Cork is thick and the colors make it look professional quality. Goes nicely against dark wood paneling. I don't think the little plastic flap things they provide work well, but it's a minor, unnecessary thing.If you need a cork board you will use a lot and it hangs in a conspicuous place and/or on a nice wall, this one will make you look good. I really didn't know they made such good quality boards. Nice!There's not much I can say about a cork board. This one works as advertised and I have no complaints.Over time you often see some ugly looking boards--bigger pin holes where you have pinned things in the past, cork popping off due to cracks being formed by pinning, etc.Not here.  This one is called "self-healing" and it works.  No old-school cork, it actually reseals where you remove the pin.It's also made well.  A very nice board and truly looks better-made, with a more handsome graphite finish.To me, no matter where your work desk is, even if it's at home in your living room, I personally think a bulletin board can be both attractive and functional.  I have to have one--one is over my desk, one is in my art studio. I put zig zag ribbons across the one over my desk which also allows me to tac decorative things under the ribbons without even using pins in all areas.Put up pictures that make you happy, things you want to work hard towards buying to inspire you, notes to remind you, a card with your most called numbers, a few pics of your kids, and you still have enough room for to-do lists, notes your are typing, reminders etc.Want to get more decorative? Spray paint it to contrast with your room.As others have noted, this is a BIG bulletin board. I knew the measurements going in, but was still surprised at how large it was.My daughter has been wanting a bulletin board for her room for quite a while but I have been hesitating because a) I have no time and/or energy to DIY a nice one for her and b) I find expanses of brown cork a little depressing, especially on the main wall of a kid's room. But we went ahead and got this for her and it's actually much nicer than I expected- the cork itself is much less VIVID than the ones you find in institutions (a duller brown, which makes the board look a lot higher end) and the moulding is much nicer than the cheap wood ones (but still not as nice as some I see on Pinterest, but again, haven't found time for that).There are a few problems with quality- I expect with regular use and constant re-arranging this won't stand the test of time. The cork feels thin, as if it's coated on rather than a solid layer of thick cork. It does hang sturdy on the wall, though, so for now, it works.This looks so much nicer than &#34;regular&#34; bulletin boards with light wood frames. The dark graphite finish looks sleek, and the cork is self-healing. I am anticipating many years of good use.The hardware is fairly standard and it is pretty easy to hang. The size works perfectly for what I need. It is a little pricey, considering it is only 2 x 3, but I think there are enough great things to justify it. It is a better quality board, so you won't be disappointed.Look, this is NOT a &#34;cork&#34; board, because as far as I can determine, there is no real cork anywhere on the product. And the &#34;graphite&#34; frame also implies a quality that is nonexistent. The frame appears to be simple plastic, colored dark grey/black.The four brackets you are supposed to use to attach it to your wall, are extreme overkill and also are very difficult to attach and align.  This product is very light weight, and does not need such a complicated hanging system...Other reviewers have also had various issues with this bulletin board, including how soon the &#34;cork&#34; surface peels, etc.Basically the price is way too high and the quality too low, and the assembly brackets are far too complicated and unnecessary.Furthermore, the  artificial  &#34;cork&#34; surface and color are very unattractive and cheap looking.A cork board is pretty straightforward, but what I like about this one is a thick backing and custom sturdy mounting hooks that hold it in place. Although I haven't used this long-term, I know previous cork boards I have used a thin layer of cork that starts coming off after extended uses. This has thick layer of cork and then foam behind that gives me confidence this is a long-term solution.In addition to the mounting hooks are two nice note holders for things you want to put on a cork board without putting holes through it. This is a well thought-out feature.Overall this is a professional cork board that would fit well into an executive office conference room without feeling like you are reliving your grade school days.This was way bigger than I originally thought. It fits amazingly in my office. I can put EVERYTHING on it.This is a high quality bulletin board with a darker brown cork board instead of the regular brighter cork. It is very sturdy and weighs about 4 lbs. The frame is graphite in color. The top and bottom frames seem to be made of MDF, and the side frames are plastic. The cork seems to be high density but rather thin. It holds pin very well and doesn't show holes much after removing the pins. Overall, It's a sturdy and blends with decor very well due to its darker cork color.It comes with 4 metal brackets, screws and anchors for mounting. You have to drill 4 holes in the wall to mount it. It seems a bit overkill for a 4 lb bulletin board. Anyway, I had to read the instructions a few times in order to understand exactly how to mount it perfectly horizontal. The top and bottom frames have groove in them for the brackets to hook on. Once mounted correctly, it's very stable and flush with the wall. One thing to note is that the board is NOT designed to be mounted vertically since the plastic side frames lack the groove that the brackets hook on to. It also comes with 2 quick clips which are basically plastic sheets that you slide into the frame and holds photos or papers without using pins.Overall, this is a high quality, professionally looking bulletin board with a darker cork color that blends well with home and office decor. The cork remains looking good after repeated pinning and unpinning. I knocked a star off the rating because the cork seems to be very thin (only time can tell how long it can last) and of the fact that it requires drilling so many holes in the wall to mount it. Besides that, I'm happy with the look and the performance so far.What can you say about a bulletin board... it holds things that I pin to it.  Really well.  Seriously.Love the size of this board, as I have sketches and notes abound!  The black graphite frame looks really nice on any wall and blends nicely!  The hardware and the method in which it does hang is nice and invisible too.  Highly recommend for any office, home, or school!This is a huge cork/bulletin board, perfect for office and home alike. The quality of the board is top notch, with a nice gray frame that is sturdy and doesn't seem like it will break easily. It's heavy, so it needs to be secured to the wall tightly. Here's where the problems come in...The hanger system on this seems sturdy and fool-proof, but this fool couldn't make it work. There are instructions on how to hang it, so I followed them, only to find that the top hangers were a little loose. I did it again, and the bottom ones weren't straight. I've hung hundreds of items before and never had this issue. I tried a third time and got so frustrated that I just hung the dang thing with plain old drywall screws. It is now straight and secure to the wall without the use of the hangers it came with. I think the problem is... that instead of having to level one or two components of the piece, you have to get all four latches in complete harmony, or it is loose. Living in earthquake country, I didn't want to chance the slight difference. It is a heavy board and if it fell, it could deal someone quite a headache!The little plastic accessories that are supposed to be able to hold documents didn't work for me. I tried them forwards, backwards, on the side... none of the papers I stuck there stayed for more than a minute. I didn't understand the idea anyway... It's a bulletin board, a pushpin is easily pulled in and out to hang a doc.Overall, the board is great quality and I have found it of great use. However, the hangers have to be simplified for any future purchases.I like the slate color to this corkboard and the size of it.  It sets up a nice background to the things that I put on it, notes of things I am working on, photographs, reminders, a calendar.  I have always had corkboards in classrooms and never realized how much I missed my personal corkboard that shows things I am working on or have finished lately.  It is like a visual orientation of my life.Another teacher taught me how important ambiance is to your work area.  I had never given it much thought, because my classroom was my work area, but she said, &#8220;No, look at where you sit to work.  That is what matters.&#8221;  I have been learning this lesson over and over again.I am never going to put pithy inspirational quotes on my personal corkboard, but I do put notes about things I am thinking about, working on, or writing, which sometimes, hopefully, is the same thing.This went up pretty easily, although I really despise the kind of hangers it uses.  They are like the hangers for large whiteboards and once they slip, it is all over.  I was putting this on an uneven surface so it made it double tricky but it is extremely pleasing when it is up, and stable.I use this cork board at work to post memos and reminders and as a quick reference for information that is used in the office daily.  Very sturdy and helpful in keeping the office organized.I love this bulletin board. It comes with plastic clips to hold papers down from the sides.  The cork board is of high quality "self-healing" material and looks great to boot.  The graphite frame is a very nice touch and matches quite well with all my oil rubbed bronze products.  This board is in my office den and looks very professional.The board comes with fantastic directions, very clear, very nice pictures.  I got the board level on the first try using the directions.  I could not be any happier with this thing.  Is it a little pricey?  At 50 bucks, yea, BUT you get what you pay for, and if you got the money, get it.The Quartet Prestige Colored Cork Board is a great, standard bulletin board.The board itself is 3 x 2 feet in size and comes with all the hardware needed to install it.  The board was packed well and there were no defects on inspection.  The cork board is a neutral, mid-range black/brown variety.  As such, it would fit in nicely with either dark or light wood furniture.  The frame is what they call a &#8216;graphite finish,&#8217; but the sides look more dark brown to me and the top and bottom are somewhat more grey.  On the whole, the board has a very professional appearance.This is a pretty standard installation--nothing terribly difficult, but it does take some careful measuring to make sure that the board is level.  To install this you will need a light duty drill and a screwdriver.  Basically, four identical anchors are placed in the wall.  These are flat pieces with an edge curl to fit into grooves at the top and bottom of the board.  You line them up to fit in a groove at the bottom an the top of the board.  I anchored the bottom two firmly.  The top two were reasonably tight, but loose enough to move the anchor up and down (there is a slot on each anchor for the screw, not just a hole).  You place the bottom of the board onto the anchors then fit the top ones in place.  My first impression was that this would not be a strong enough way to anchor the board to the wall, but the board seems rock solid and stays in place.The cork board works well with the usual pins and is considered self-healing.  On the whole, the self-healing, which seems to be true, as the holes form an average size pin seem to disappear when you remove the pin.  The board works well, although as you push pins into the center of the board, you can feel a little bit of give as you push.  So far, this has not posed any problems.Generally, this is a handsome, serviceable cork board that would work well in either the home or office.  Recommended.We just moved into a new building that is eco-state-of the art, Leeds Platinum 12 story high building. It is also very Avant-guard in that it is constructed to have wide open spaces, minimum walls -- and where there are walls, most walls are glass.That means anyone can look into your office any time. Which means you better have your office looking aesthetically pleasing and consistent with this new architecture.I still need to post items on a board for reminders and other things, there is very little &#34;wall space&#34; on which you can hang things -- but the board has to be not only exceptionally functional but attractive as well.I was so pleased with this one -- it fit perfectly with the environs -- and I got to jettison my old green bulleting board which was purely functional and not aesthetically pleasing at all.Others can go gaga over the recent chalkboard revival, but I'll take cork.  I've got a great affection for this somewhat antiquated tool, traditionally employed to organize random photos and scraps intended to be kept close at hand.This is an attractive one.  The black (graphite, whatever) frame looks good for the plastic that it is, and I hope to be able to report in a year or two that the surface is still holding up.I'm not a fan of the mounting hardware.  Maybe this kind of thing IS de regueur in earthquake county, but for others you can file it under "how to really be rough on your wallboard."  For something under 5 pounds - as this is -Command Large Picture-Hanging Strips, White, 4-Stripare my fastener of choice.At this writing, the Quartet is at the high end, pricewise, of same-sized cork boards in Amazon's "Office" category.  A little ledge and a couple of not-pushpin clip-y things included here are nice, but perhaps more useful for a whiteboard-type product.I needed a cork bulletin board above my desk to clear my desk of clutter and keep a better eye on important notes, calendars, etc.  At 3 x 2 feet, this cork bulletin board is perfect.  It came with hardware and good instructions for mounting on the wall, which took about 15 minutes.It's very well made, very sturdy.  The light colored cork and the graphite finish on the frame make this a classy addition to home office, school, or work.  Highly recommended.I like this Quartet Prestige Colored Cork Bulletin Board, 3 x 2 Feet, Graphite Finish Frame. I unit outside my office at school for students to post notes. It is a good value for what you pay for. If your looking for a board that will hold up, this is the one.This is a very nicely sized bulletin board.  The frame is grey plastic that looks like metal.  The surface is finely textured for a self-healing effect and appears to be able to handle daily use without shredding or sagging.  The cork surface itself is not very thick, but the backing is a thin sheet of lurex (like those metallic balloons) so if you feel the need to push your pin in all the way to the hilt you can.  A standard length pushpin will poke through the cork and protrude out the back.  The lurex is slightly loose so it probably won't poke through that, and the frame is offset so there's enough gap from the wall that is won't scratch or gouge the wall behind it.  I also use quilting pins with decorative ends on mine.  I don't push them through all the way and they hold just fine for light weight fabric swatches and laser photos. The frame does scratch easily, but that should be a problem in a standard office setting.  For home use, you may want to paint or cover it.  Since it's lightweight for its size, it's very easy to hang.  A good choice for a craft room, home office, etc.  I'm using mine in my bedroom, I covered it in fabric, and pin computer printed photos that I don't need to frame, to make an ever changing display.Maybe I didn't need a full 3 feet by 2 feet cork board, but I like it!  There is something about the overall styling of Quartet Prestige is attractive and does NOT suggest a grade school classroom like so many other bulletin boards.The self healing aspect lives up to its billing, moving things around the cork does not leave a trail of pinholes, so I say good job!This is a really nice quality cork board.  It comes with all hanging hardware, including wire if you need it, which I found to be a nice touch.  It's heavy so I recommend using the included hardware.  I love that it's heavy and firm, unlike a lot of cheaper versions out there.  Very highly recommended!I love office supplies and anything that gets those lose papers off of my tables and counters. This corkboard is a perfect solution for items that I want to save, but don't want to deal with right away.My last corkboard was actually made of cork, whereas this high density cork fiberboard seems to be some time of manufactured cork that doesn't show pin holes. Time will tell how well it holds up.This also came with two little plastic pieces called quick clips, which slide into the frame and can hold papers. The most interesting thing about this corkboard was the fastening brackets.It comes with four large screws, 6 anchors, and 4 brackets. I had to read the directions twice before the measuring instructions sunk in. You can use the top and bottom edges of the board to create a line. Then align the line on the bracket with the lines on the wall, and make a circle or mark where you want to drill.Then drill the anchor holes attach the brackets and snap in the board. It actually worked. Attach the bottom brackets first, before measuring and attaching the top brackets. If you follow the instructions this board will be flush with the wall and very stable. This is a nice product.This cork board is sufficiently heavy so you know it's well-made, it comes with the accessories you need to attach it to the wall, and its sturdy. You can use it horizontally or vertically.This is suitable for the home office, which is where I have it. I have the one that is 3 feet wide and 2 feet high, which is probably larger than I need, and it seems much larger on the wall. The price seems unreasonable ($71 marked down to $43 as of 3/26/14) because the frame is plastic and the layer of cork is extremely thin. Anyone who is budget-conscious and handy might consider buying cheap cork tiles and mounting them on plywood instead. It comes with clear instructions, mounting hardware and two plastic semi-circles which can be used to hold papers without pushpins.I have three suggestions if the manufacturer ever revises this design. First, it can only be hung horizontally, and that may not be convenient for home offices that lack horizontal wall space. It should be an easy fix to make this hang vertically as well. Second, I don't understand why industrial-strength mounting hardware was used, when the board is so light that any Ook! picture hanger could hold it. That hardware also means extra work to measure with a level and drill holes...all unnecessary, really. Third, only two of the plastic clips are included. There should have been more; they are such thin and flimsy plastic pieces that I expect them to break in short order.Bottom line: if you have the money and the wall space and are comfortable fussing about with a drill to get four brackets into the wall, this bulletin board should work for you. It doesn't have a nasty cork odor, it looks professional, and once affixed to the wall it should stay forever.Okay, so this is a bulletin board and it does what it's supposed to do quite nicely. I like the design. It looks stylish and modern. The board seems high quality. It's also very light weight. However, price is a bit steep. So if you have a beautiful office, get this to complement the office. If not, I think a cheap bulletin board can still do the job.This is a decent enough board (it looks nice, and works fine), but is not a commercial grade product.My experience:* Mounting it on the wall was mostly a smooth process.  Follow the instructions carefully.  I screwed up with my measuring, and needed to drill a couple extra holes.  A couple extra wall anchors are included (probably for dopes like me).* Once it's mounted, I was a bit disappointed.  The center of the board seems a bit loose: there is too much give when I press on the center of the board.  There are four mounting brackets that get installed near the four corners.  The result? the center of the board is a bit loose.  That is, when I push on the center of the board, there is a bit too much slack between the board and the wall.  I think this could have been avoided by providing a couple extra mounting brackets...one for the top center, and one for the bottom center.* The Quartet &#34;Quick Clips&#34; seem kind of useless.  Due to the looseness of the board, those clips don't work all that well.  In some parts of the board, the clips won't hold anything because the frame of the board has is too far away from the cork board itself.  I'm much better off using push pins rather than the quick clips.All in all, this is an acceptable bulletin board for the price if you are willing to overlook these minor flaws.This cork-board is a good size, not too large and not too small: the perfect size for home or office - it's sturdy, seems to be quality cork-board, push pins go in easily, and mounted with ease! I find this Quarted cork-board well-made and great for the purpose: it's a little heavy, which I actually like, because it seems to confirm the quality with the denseness and the weight of the material: it's not too heavy though: I'd definitely buy another one of these in future: would recommend!I got this as a replacement of an old bulletin board showing signs of wear and tear. I expected something slightly nicer to the one I had but I could not believe how elegant and modern this one looks!The frame, a dark gray graphite, looks pretty neat and combines perfectly with the dark colored cork, while the cork is supposed to be behind whatever stuff you post on the bulletin board, its color makes things stand out.When I started placing my notes and papers in it, I was able to test the self-healing fiberboard, I removed a couple pins and confirmed that no trace of the pinholes made is left (even though if there was any trace of them, they would be barely noticeable because of the color of the cork)Installation was easy, since this was a replacement I was able to use the old positioned bulletin board to draw the guiding lines. Placing the bottom mounters was easy, the top ones were a little cumbersome, since you have to be able to push them down to set this in place, I struggled a little bit. In the end, installation was completed in a matter of minutes. Everything you may need to mount this is included in the box. One thing to note though, as is, this bulletin board cannot be hung vertically, the mounters included are designed to hold it horizontally. You may be able to workaround this limitation but I thought it was worth mentioning this.We bought this cork board to help me organize some things and it is surprisingly sturdy, comes with hardware and instructions for how to hang it.  We didn&#8217;t need the instructions, frankly, but I know I would have noticed if they weren&#8217;t included.  There&#8217;s nothing fancy about the board.  It&#8217;s basic and will serve the purpose for which I am going to use it.  Great addition for the home or professional office.  I'll probably share pictures of how I'm using it on my blog sometime in July.It's a funny thing to say about a bulletin board, but it's so smooth, not too hard, not too soft.... and perfect for propping up on a cabinet and pushing our school topics in for the day.I love that the edges are curved and smooth, and the color of the cork itself is less &#34;orange&#34; than a typical board.Great for homeschooling, and anything. Love it!Comes with all necessary hanging accessories - way more than the average poster, so I'm sure it'll stay put, if you do need to hang it! But I'll be hauling it from room to room - the back is covered with a thin silver lining, so I feel really good about how sturdy it is.This corkboard is certainly nicer than any that I've ever hard, but that's because I typically look for deals at Walmart. You get what you pay for. Now, is it worth a $40+ price tag? That's debatable, but so far I'm pleased.The frame is a very classy graphite-colored plastic material that looks professional and clean. I especially like that the actual cork surface is not the typical shade of &#34;bright brown/orange&#34; but has more of a muted tone with black flecks. It looks nice in our home office, which is painted a gray/blue color with white trim.I read some of the low-star reviews that claim the cork on this is thin, but I don't know if I necessarily agree. My standard-sized 1/4&#34; pushpins do go all the way through the cork, but they do not go through the silver backing on the backside, and the depth of the frame prevents them from touching the wall, so I'm not concerned about it damaging my wall.I do agree that having four hangers to screw to the wall is tedious and seems a little overkill, but the instructions are at least very clear. All in all, I really like this cork board and I think it would be perfect for a business or school, as well as a home office.Before this cork came along, one could not be blamed for thinking that there was some sort of law that required cork boards to be framed by thick pieces of wood. While that frame made it convenient to hold a pencil, it certainly didn't do anything to win aesthetic awards.The frame on this board is a rounded metal that has a graphite finish, but that's ok, as I don't think anyone expects it to be real graphite.You'll spend quite a bit for its looks, but I think this is a better choice than the wood-frame classic. Personally, I would like to see a board that was half cork and half whiteboard, or perhaps reversible, but that isn't what is being sold here. If you don't mind spending the money, I think you'll be happy with it.This is a very nicely made, attractive and light-weight bulletin board. We have it in our kids room for my son to hang up artwork, posters and photos. The plastic frame seems durable and is a nice dark warm-grey color that will look nice in any room. The cork is also thick enough to hold a standard push pin so items will stay in place!Very high quality cork board... looks great in my office. Cork is pretty dense and holds pins very securely. Mounting brackets included hold the board VERY securely... four 1/16&#34; metal brackets seem overkill for a board initially weighing only about 4 lbs, but I'm certainly not complaining.Price seemed a bit high, but upon arrival I was very impressed...My husband hung it on the hall wall leading into our home office and now it is filled with all the things that had been hanging on the refrigerator as well as notes - honey to do's - whatever - I just love it!The size is great because we have a lot of things to do/reminders to do, etc.It's sturdy and it's durable and it looks nice on the wall and the corkboard is a much better quality than the one we had been using that I bought at a office supply store some years ago.We are very happy with it!The product description talks about the &#8220;Easy Mount hanging system&#8221; but honestly I was a little intimidated by the metal brackets, 1-1/2&#8221; screws, wall anchors, and 7 step mounting instructions.  I also have this strange aversion to putting holes in my walls (I know I&#8217;m weird).  So in the end I just stuck some 3M Command Hooks on the wall and hung the bulletin board from that, and it worked great.  Probably not the most secure mounting method, but if/when it falls I&#8217;ll think about using those monster brackets and screws. (Note: The board weights a little under 5 lbs so I used two 3lb Command Hooks to secure it to the wall.)As for the Quartet Cork Board itself, it is high materials and quality construction.  The gray and black color of the plastic frame is neutral and very business-like.  The cork itself is about average thickness.  You can push the pin all the way through the cork, but because of the thickness of the frame the pins won&#8217;t go into the wall.  The self-healing ability of the cork is very nice, but will only work with the thinner pins.So overall this is a very nice cork board for the price.  If you are looking for a board that will blend into a contemporary office setting, this Quartet Cork Board would be a perfect choice.This board is a very nice size, not over large, but enough space to pin up whatever you need. Very sturdy and easy to hang. It isn't the most attractive of boards, but it does the job. So far I am happy with the product.The Quartet Prestige Colored Cork Bulletin Board, 3 x 2 Feet, with a Graphite Finish Frame is a really nice addition to my office/art studio. I like the self-healing aspect of the cork board as it leaves the cork looking attractive after use and not full of unsightly holes. It's a nice size to hold lots of memos, biz cards, appointment cards, and whatever else you have to tack up. The graphite finish fits in with the contemporary look of my office/art studio. It's not too difficult to attach hardware to the walls to hang the bulletin board. Takes a little bit of measuring and making sure everything is straight but no big deal.Much nicer than other bulletin boards I've had. When I put something on this bulletin board with push pins, the pins stay in place with no slipping or crumbling of the cork. I've had some bulletin boards that wouldn't hold more than post-its or I swear sneezing would cause the cork to crumble of of them. This one is well worth the higher price. If for no other reason than this one seems to have a longer life span and won't need to be replaced as soon as others..And it looks good hanging on the wall.Really seems like it will stay looking great for a long time.Being Scotch the quality is there. This is in my opinion better than the whitish form of this tape. Buy it.Where ever you buy it, the transparent scotch tape-always in the red not the green packaging-is the only tape to ever get. It works and looks nice, not sure why they even make the icky green packaged stuff.If you are on the fence about buying tape and need to read a review than perhaps you have never used tape before.Ok here is the deal. Adhesive tape is a long roll of plastic ribbon with sticky goop on one side. It is spooled up for easy storage. To use this kind of tape you will need a dispenser. Some tape comes with a dispenser built in but not this one. I like using my nicer tape dispenser as it is nicer.Ok, back to what tape is and how it works. &#34;Tape&#34; is used to temporarily or permanently bind an object to another object by sticking onto said object. It can be used to close up boxes, wrap presents, affix notes to stuff, and even fix broken paper money. (Though it cannot undo quantitative easing.... sorry.)Here is how you use it.Just remove one of these 6 bad boys from the box and put in into the tape dispenser. Then there is a pull tab built into the tape &#34;roll.&#34; Pull that tab over the &#34;teeth&#34; of the tape dispenser and then pull down to cut that tape away. discard the pull tab. Your tape is now ready to use! Simply grab the leading edge of the tape, pull out the desired amount, use the metal teeth on the dispenser to cut the tape and apply it to whatever object it is that you desire to &#34;tape up.&#34;It's that easy folks!Go through lots of this stuff in winter making accordion cards. Tape together many pages.I've made holiday ones but also some much larger custom made one of a kind variety for special projects. The clear is the best. They used to sell one that was called crystal clear. That seems to have gone away. A duct brand says it's crystal clear but not as nice as Scotch and hard to find the 3/4 inch size. So until the crystal comes back this is the next best one.I read the reviews and they were excellent. However, this tape will not tear on my tape dispenser. All others do. I like the clearness but still find them unusable. Find another product.This product is becoming harder to locate.  Newer tapes are the invisible type with a frosted finish, but the adhesive is weak and does not stick to plastics.  This regular old style transparent tape is still the best overall sticky tape.  It sticks where it is placed and does not come off on plastic or slippery surface. Scotch tape costs more, but it is a thicker sheet of plastic and makes better bonds especially if used to hold a package together.  You get what you pay for.This is easily my favorite &#34;office tape&#34;.  3M is a leader in high quality consumer chemicals (in this case . . . adhesives).  Scotch performs noticeably better than the imitators.  Scotch brand tape ain't cheap, but this Amazon source is about as inexpensive as you'll find.  In my case, there is no sales tax. And of course, buying on line there is no fuel cost to get to the store.  I'm happy.I love my Scotch Transparent Tape. I use it for all of my taping needs. I prefer the "shiny" over the "invisible" as it is clearer and stronger. Amazon offers it in the 6-Pack size so no more buying single roles at the nearest office supply store. If you go through tape like I do, this is the way to go. As long as it is available, I will buy this tape. I highly recommend this Scotch Transparent Tape.I was not sure if I would ever need glossy paper, but I bought it anyway. It is pretty shiny, does not jam and works great in laser printer by Canon. I may use this for thank you notes in my eBay packages.It's quality laser printer paper and it does exactly what I want.It looks great for making design prints, proofs, etc. It is nice enough that I would feel comfortable making pamphlets or brochures out of it.I do a lot of desktop publishing at home and this paper is a must have for a lot of it.  It works in both my laser and ink-jet printers and the color is true and fabulous.  You can't go wrong with this paper.This paper is an inexpensive way to make laser printing look better. I use it for color graphs, short reports and hand-outs. It has a much better look and feel than ordinary paper, without adding much cost. I tried photos (for which a color later printer is not the best anyway) and I did not see any improvement above ordinary paper. So I would not use it again for photos, except photos that are part of a handout or report. This paper is fine for that.I purchased this Hammermill glossy flyer paper for the convenience of Amazon, the Hammermill name, and other reviews.  However, On my Canon inkjet printer, the color comes out quite dull and not true to what's on your screen.  I had used Staples glossy brochure and flyer paper in the past with good results, so I decided to go ahead and purchase some more at Staples -- the difference is amazing.  The Staples paper is true to color and bright.  The exact same picture with the exact same settings on the Hammermill -- not true to color and not bright.Perhaps it is just not the right paper for a Canon injet (ip6600).  All I know is, I won't be purchasing this brand again.As far as purchasing from Amazon, it came in 2 days with Amazon Prime, as always.This paper is just what I was looking for to print photos on.  It works great with my inkjet printer, and with 300 sheets in the pack, it lasts a really long time!I got this for printing out a master's thesis. It is heavyweight and has a nice look to it. This is a great value on a single ream of paper.Even though I have an inkjet printer, I took a chance on this "laser printer" paper because I wanted something better than regular paper but less expensive than photo paper for the calendars I am making for friends and family using photos that I have taken.  This is my first venture into home publishing.  My printer is a Canon Pixma ix6520 and the calendars are being made from a template that was included on the printer's software.  Half the 8.5x11 sheet is picture, half is calendar.  All in all I am pleased with the finished product.  The weight and glossy appearance of the paper is a major reason for my satisfaction.For purposes of this review I am going to speak separately about printing text and photos with an inkjet printer.Text.  Prints very well and looks much better than on  regular paper.  The black letters are darker and where colored ink is use the letters are darker and brighter.  Sheets come out of the printer dry, no problem with smearing, etc.  No hesitation about using this paper in an inkjet printer for brochures and things that are mostly text.  I am very pleased with the appearance of the calendar portion of my project.Photos:  The paper is not photo paper and you can see the difference.  They are usable, and most likely I'm more critical as the photographer than those who receive the calendars will be, but I wish they were brighter and more colorful.  Nevertheless, they are usable and look better than on plain paper.  Whether they look better if printed with a laser printer, I am unable to say.  But I did see comments in the previous reviews indicating that also with a laser printer they were less than what you get on photo paper.  For best results under the circumstances use, when you can, photos that are bright and where the subject stands out from the background and has good colors.  Some of the photos I had planned to use had to be replaced because they looked kind of muddy and the subject didn't stand out.  Be sure to print some test sheets before starting the printing, especially if photos are included.  After trying the various paper setting choices offered by the printer I found that the glossy plus or glossy photo paper setting worked the best.  Photos are more ink intensive than text, but this paper seems to handle it well on my inkjet printer.Regarding the paper, I can confirm that you can print on either side or both sides of the paper.  I wasn't paying attention and discovered to my horror than the pages for a few months were 2011.  Worried that I would not have enough paper I tried printing on the other side of the useless sheets and they printed just like they were fresh sheets.To sum up, the text print quality on an inkjet printer is very good, much better than on  regular printer paper.  For photos, not photo paper quality but much better than on regular paper, at least on my printer.  Also, the ink you use can make a difference, just as it does on photo paper.My printer handles the weight of the paper with ease and I have had no problems with paper jams.I'm pleased with the paper and will buy more.  The quantity that you get for the price makes this paper an excellent value.  It is not a replacement for photo paper (though a lot more affordable),  but for brochures, calendars, etc. with all text or a combination of text and photos it is a good choice.This is a really nice paper developed for LASER only printers.  Both sides of the paper are glossy and would be perfect for brochures, even prints that you've taken.  This product will NOT work with inkjet printers due to ink build up and dry time which would cause items to blurr /smear during printing process.  Excellent for Laser printersI use these for handouts at my business.  I use a CanonMP530 and get ridiculously cheap ink here on Amazon (GenerINK, I believe).  I can print hundreds of copies for cheaper than the printer and they look great on this paper.Great Product.This is the second time in my ten year teaching career that I splurged for this holder now that I'm back in a classroom with a whiteboard.  I'm happy I have it and have been careful not to peel the fresh layers of eraser too quickly (there are multiple - about 4 layers - of fresh eraser surface to peel before needing to replace with felt replacement).  I'm not sure which is more cost effective - the cheap basic erasers or this one - but I do like the feel of this eraser, its magnetic holder, and the precision point.  The point makes it easy to erase targeted small portions of what you've written.  I remember needing to replace the erasers more frequently before I started using my projector more often, so if you write a lot (and erase a lot) it may be cheaper to use other white board erasers that you can wash and clean.I gave this to a group of college students that do a lot of group study with a dry erase board.  They told me that it's great.good eraser...happy with this purchase I would  buy this again.I shop on Amazon for everything and think they are great!I am really impressed with this eraser. It works instantly and easily clears my whiteboard. I teach 2nd Grade and my students love to use this. It is lightweight, covers a reasonable area as it erases, and stores neatly in its holder on the chalkboard beside the whiteboard.  For the price, it sure beats using fluid to wash the board. Well worth the minor investment.This thing is great! Very easy to make a small precise erasure. Much better than trying to use the corner of the regular eraser. And the Magnetic holder is a great way to keep it handy. It comes with several erasure pads on it and when one finally gets too dirty to use it can be peeled off and you have a new one underneath again, The flat part is large enough to use as a regular eraser or for a larghe area of bigger drawing. This helps offset the higher price because you get more use out of it.The pages are durable and being avery you can use their template to print the tabs using your computer. Which is an excellent feature. However, the tabs are slightly longer than the insert and stick out just enough to be annoying. Stupid flaw that I never knew would tick me off so much. So I am not going to recommend them.I use these in my coupon binder, and while they don't stick out much past the pages, they still work fine and they seem fairy sturdy.  I haven't had any tear and they get heavy use.Perfect for my needs - needed rapidly and delivery  was quick.Superior deal as an Amazon add-on item, at .99 a pack I am glad I ordered several, these solved my labeling and dividing of my home binder and my product purchases filing.Recommended!I use it to keep my binder organized.  It arrived promptly and in great condition.  I love using the colorful tabs to keep me organized.Dear plastic dividers,Where have you been all my life? You make all of my work so much more interesting, so much more fun to do. Okay, not really :) but this is still a great product. These last forever. I transfer them from binder to binder and they're still in fantastic shape. There is no paper divider on the market that can say that. Also, if you're buying them for a teenager you need something extra sturdy unless you want to keep buying them over and over. And over. With these little guys you're set for a full year.These dividers help keep my school work neat and organized.  I felt I got a good value for the amount that comes with this package (set of six).The dividers are colorful but transparent enough to be able to read through them easily. They come with plenty of pre cut paper tabs that slip easily into the divider tabs. Note that the tab slot on the divider is fairly tight but is designed so that the paper tab is inserted and/or removed from the underside of the divider tab. Sturdy and should last a long time. Easy to reuse as well. Recommended.OkI love avery products there dividers are very nice and pretty darn strong. They get the job done. I ordered 4 of these for class and I love them the templates are great. Design and Print online is always nice. No complaints, good purchase for anyone using binders.Avery is the STANDARD for almost anything like this and I always purchase Avery over other brands.  These work great in 3-ring binders.  You do have to write on the inserts, that's a pain; maybe there is a way to print them out but I really didn't take the time to learn if so or not; cannot comment there.  They came fast as described and I am happy.  :)I used these for my coupon binder and they worked out perfectly. They kept everything organized and were very sturdy. Thanks!They work good, the colors are great. The only &#34;but&#34; is that a little tiny part of the tab is hidden by the previous one, so the names on the tags should be in the middle, do not try to fit many letters in the paper. I wrote &#34;Desc. Ling.&#34; and with the binder closed, I could only see &#34;Ling.&#34;, which is not a big deal, but just to say something, that is 1 star penalty.Avery Tab Insertable Plastic Dividers in an 8 tab set are the perfect size to keep yourself organized for work or school or home.This is the first time I purchased the Avery Big Tab Insertable Plastic Dividers  (11900) which are all plastic. Before this, I have been using theAvery WorkSaver Big Tab Insertable Dividers, 5-Tabs, 1 Set (11109)which I've been satisfied with.What I like about the 11900 dividers is that they are all-plastic. They can be wiped clean and the colors are nicer to look at than the manilla paper of the 11109s. The 11900 all-plastic dividers cost more so hopefully they will last longer than the 11109s, but it'll be awhile before I can comment on that.Please note that the 9" width includes the 0.5" wide tabs.So far I'm satisfied with this purchase.PROS:- Nice colors- Can be wiped clean- Hopefully will last longer than paper dividersCONS:- Costs more than paper dividers e.g. 11109I like these tabs because they stick out past the loose-leaf paper so you can see them. I would buy them again.I bought these to use for school.  It comes with 8 brightly colored dividers with tabs.  I love these kind because they do not rip or bend like other dividers out there.  It has been several months since I bought them and they still are holding up perfectly.There isn't much to say about these - they're plastic dividers. They're generous with the paper tab inserts, clear plastic makes work easy to see.Had to write a review for these tabs because they are really a great quality!  Made of a strong quality paper and the tabs are well attached.  Had NO problems with these pages in our vacation binder that we took along with us and was opened and closed countless times by all!!!  I have bought some of these type items in the past for my kids school supplies and I don't remember the brand, but I had to replace them a couple times through the school year!  I don't think that would be the case with this particular one.  My kids are now out of school so I cannot test that theory but they got a GOOD working over on our recent vacation and they held up wonderfully!!  Look like I just took them out of the package!I bought these to use for school and they are very nice and durable. I was surprised to see an 8 pack for cheaper than anywhere I've ever been to buy school supplies. Great buy!I haven't been able to use this tape dispenser the way it's shown. I have bot pull it out manually and across my box, then use the dispenser to cut the tape; but at least the tape stays straight, doesn't tangle and doesn't frustrate me like some of them do. I think it's over priced for a plastic tape holder, and though I will continue to use it, I wouldn't buy it again.I wasn't sure about this. After all, I did have a perfectly good tape dispenser, and after being together for 30 years, well, I'd become pretty attached to it.  So what if it kept releasing tape when I tried to cut it by twisting  the dispenser . So what if the cutting blade was a little dull. So what if the tape got tangled when I tried to smooth it down on the box. So what if I had to tear the tape off the box and start over when it got all messed up. I sell a product from home and mail out several every day. What a difference this cute little dispenser makes! NO MORE of the above &#34;so-what's&#34;. My old one is at a thrift store in California if anyone wants it. I'll let you find it.The Scotch Packaging Tape Hand Dispenser is compact, light, and does the job it is supposed to - easily dispensing tape onto cardboard containers.  I have no use for a gigantic tape dispenser with a pistol grip, and used to just use the "disposable" dispenser included with some rolls of Scotch tape (seeScotch Packaging Tape with Reusable Dispenser, 1.88 x 54.6 Yards); but I've found this Scotch dispenser is much sturdier and has a more reliable cutting blade.  Well worth the purchase price.Two notes: (1) the item may look like it is metal from the photo, but it is heavy plastic.  That said, I have no concerns about its durability; (2) this appears functionally equivalent toScotch Box Sealing Tape Dispenser H122, 2 in.  I'm not sure why the red version currently costs half the price of the tan version, but in case the price of this one ever skyrockets up you have an alternative.  :)It is better than what I thought. It came from Hawaii and was actually quite quick. I broke bones in my right hand so I found something easier than my other dispenser to use and this is great. I would definitely recommend it. I have not seen in local stores not that I looked for it extensively as near store is like 20 miles from where I live and the time and gas involved.The other day I was trying to tape up a box with a roll of tape and one of those disposable dispensers that come with the tape.  As my fingernail dug into the tape to try to get it started I pulled on it and the tape tore in the middle.  ENOUGH Already!I read the reviews and ordered this along with 4 rolls of tape (this dispenser does NOT come with a roll).  I received this a couple of days ago along with my tape.  I loaded it up and played with it for a while.  It is very easy to use, keep tension on the tape with the brake and cut with a simple slight twist.Best part, the tape on roll is still sticking out after it is cut.  NO more fingernails!I got tired of using the tape dispensers that came with over the counter tape and my job had one of these dispensers laying around and I tried it and thought I should get one. So when I got this I upgraded big time, and used in conjunction with S.P. Richards Company Package Sealing Tape (purchased here on Amazon) and I couldn't be happier. No more tape sticking back to itself, and now I get a perfect easy cut every time. I am thouroughly satisfied and am glad I spent the money for this dispenser.It's OK, but it's still difficult to tear the tape.I think the smaller dispensers works best although more expensive & wasteful to the environment.I'll keep this & hope that it lasts through the 6 rolls of tape I also purchased.I will not purchased another one.Worked like a charm, very simple design but i like simple.Works with my Duck hp260 packaging tape like a charm.I don't know how comfortable tape guns are but i do know that this one is good a likely to last for years to come.if you are thinking about buying have no doubt that this is a good product to buy.I begin every one of my workdays in the same way: with a cup of coffee, and a review of the list of things to do I made at the conclusion of the previous workday.This planner helps take some of the sting out. Each page contains a pre-ruled column of 28 numbered task boxes. My typical workday begins with 8 to 12 items. I add more at the bottom as needed during the day and cross of the tasks that are complete. As a reflective exercise on how I've spent my time, I use the closing minutes of the day to transfer the remaining items to a new list for the following morning.In addition to the task description column, the left side is unruled for notes and doodles. The top contains boxes for pagination and date annotations, along with three cells for other notes of your choice.The spiral binding makes the shift from day to day effortless.Good choice for those who use lists to manage their workflow...This notebook has two lines at the top with spaces for the date and the &#8220;page.&#8221;  Oddly, the 160 pages (if you count both sides) don&#8217;t have preprinted numbers. The rest of the page has a two-column format with 28 (rather faintly) preprinted, numbered lines on the right side and a narrower column of unlined space at the left.  Each page is perforated so you can easily tear it out at need. The covers are sturdy (plastic?). The paper is of acceptable quality for an item you will probably discard once it&#8217;s full. Useful for anyone who frequently wants to hand write lists (or even instructional steps) with annotations.The business planner notebook is just perfect for planning a project.  The date the ideas came about, who wrote the notes, and places to put comments on the side - it couldn't be much better.  The paper is heavy weight and will last.  The covers of the notebook are also heavy weight and I have a couple of these notebooks that are still around after years of use.  Yes, I refer back to the old notes all the time and the dates help me find what I want quickly.OK, you can use a computer to take the notes and track the dates these days.  Somehow, it just doesn't match the pencil or pen to paper feel of these notebooks.  Scratch your head with your pen, doodle, and then watch something come into your head that just kind of pops out of nowhere.  That is what thinking with a pencil is all about - and it works.  At least for me.  Then you can keep the process right there for future reference and inspiration.  If you have tried doing your thinking with a computer try one of these notebooks once.  Just watch what happens when the paper is there instead of a screen.The reminders to put the date and person doing the thinking help a lot when you are busy and want to rush through.  Those tiny seemingly insignificant details are easy to forget, and then they turn out to be very important at a later date.  These notebooks help you remember to record those &#34;insignificant&#34; details right from the start.I highly recommend this product.AD2I gave this a 5 star because it is so versatile for creative projects.  If you like to write rather than plan projects online, this is a great notebook to think through the steps of your project and make notes on the side as you think of relevant things.  I also use it for writing affirmations.I use the right side to repeat the affirmation in writing.  I use the left side for any random thoughts that come up that would slightly change the affirmation for me.  That may not be the intended use for the product but it is part of my productivity to use affirmations in my work as well as my personal life.  I find that the flexibility this offers for different ways of thinking things through is remarkable.If you do any research at all on the best way to control of your tasks, you will find that the old pen and paper still rank at the top.  I'm a huge fan of making lists and I'm always on the lookout for the next best product.This notebook is not bad, it's simply not as good as what I already have used - the At-A-Glance products or the Bob's Your Uncle products.  It's not as sturdy as those products and the paper isn't as thick.Of course I will put it to use, but it would not be something I would purchase once I've used it. Angela Risner 2014. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from Amazon or Angela Risner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Angela Risner with appropriate and specific direction to the original content.This project planner follows a basic format for this type of notebook in terms of pages, but the exterior construction is wonderful and makes it ideal for either business or personal use (if you love to have luxe personal office supplies). This is classy and accessible.This MeadCambridge Limited Action Planner Business Notebook (06064) is a very practical design for any busy person in a office or at home to help keep your lists organized, clean, and easy to refer back to. Classic black cover so it looks nice any place you keep it. Enjoy your organized day with this !This is a good quality notebook, which features thick paper and a divided structure to the page. Here's the question: since you can create the effect of having a divided note section by drawing a line down the page of any notebook, do you really need this pre-divided notebook? Probably not. But, it is easy to see how you could find this structure convenient: taking verbatim notes on one side and your thoughts on the other, arguments from one side on one side and your rebuttals on the other and so on.The division of space between the two columns is probably just about perfect. The section at the top is probably wasted space for many, however. And I fear that anyone who I would affectionately term OCD enough to want those columns would probably be perpetually annoyed by the little &#34;page&#34; and &#34;date&#34; descriptions if they are used to putting their dates elsewhere and/or don't need to number their pages.A good quality product, but one that not all will want or need. Recommended with caveats.I decided this is my year to make a list of all the books I own, a daunting project, buy I love this book for this use.  I have decided to  do the list by author, and then when I get the written list to the computer I can sort the books by author, genre,  and favorites. All this could be done with this handy organizational tool simply by adding a predetermined code if you don't have access to a computer.Would also work for  an Index for everything from cookbooks, to budgets, to media and more.  I really like the fact I can pick up this book and add few items at a time as I have time, then input them into my computer later when I have the time to give more attention to the task.Paper is thin and I have found that I must use a pencil in the book as ink will show through to the back of the page very easily.Bottom line I love this book for the reasons I planned to used it , it is perfect for my uses.One of my bosses, fairly early on, told me that she had always kept notebooks to keep track of everything and also to be able to prove accountability, if required.  I adopted that habit immediately.  This book is perfect for that task and is more conducive to keeping this daily notebook a bit more organized while still allowing space for creativity.  I like to put notes on a new ideas in the unlined column on the left.I am also using the notebook to take notes when others are sharing ideas with me, when they would like my input.  I find the layout conducive to note taking, thought I do prefer Behance's Action Method products a bit more when it comes to goal setting and problem solving in which I have a more active role and a more personal stake or if I need a more permanent, organized record of what we have discussed.If you have used the Circa Annotation paper for the Circa system this notebook is similar, albeit without the handy Circa adaptability (and the Circa paper feels a bit more luxurious).I love this because it's a simple planner that is easy-to-use.  It's a high-quality product, with good heavy paper and lots of space for writing out as much or as little as I feel I need to in order to plan out and get a project done.  Also, the fact that it has no dates on it is a great relief, because I don't feel the pressure of time when I'm working on something long-term.  For some reason,dated planners always make me feel like I'm behind on whatever I'm working on. Then I feel guilty and I stop using the planner and it ends up being thrown away.This will not be thrown away until I have used every single page.  Then, I'll buy a new one!I picked this up because I'd used (and loved) someone else's version. This was decent, but not nearly as good as the other one I'd tried.Good points:- The page and date boxes across the top make it great for note taking when you're going between meetings, since it's easy to keep everything neat and straight.- The open box to the left of each page and lines to the right give you a lot of flexibility in how to take your notes, or the ability to run two easily distinguishable lists cleanly and simultaneously.- The lines come pre-numbered (1-28), which means this could easily be used like a day planner to track appointments (using military time), and can be a real time-saver depending on what kind of lists/notes you're working with.- Being spiral bound and having the pages marked on both sides maximizes the convenience of use and ability to use all the space efficiently.Not So Great:- I'm not a fan of whatever the cover is made out of - it has a weird, somewhat unpleasant feel and seems like it won't hold sticky notes, etc. as cleanly as other styles of cover.- The pages are very thin. I'm not usually a stickler about paper, but all but the lightest writing clearly shows through to the other side, making it harder to read. Using any kind of bright color further exacerbates the visual chaos.- The ink on these pages is an odd tone. It doesn't look subtle so much as faded. Again, not a huge deal but noticeably off when looking at the page.All things considered, this is highly functional but I won't buy it again. The little things add up to just enough that I'll try someone else's version instead next time.While it sounds like a great idea to have an action planner notebook, this notebook is too large, with thin paper, making it less than practical. If Mead made a version half this size, it would be worth keeping around.The Cambridge items from Mead are really well made and nice, and this Planner is no exception. I've reviewed a lot of office products and to be honest not many of them impress me. I am consistently pleased by the Cambridge line from Mead. I feel like the price is in line with other products. The pages are nice, lined and numbered and can be used for a number of things.I would definitely recommend this product.This is a product that, since testing, I can&#8217;t live without. I only wish I had discovered this earlier because I can see so very many uses for this valuable tool. Basically, this is a book of pages lined that you can use to track your to-do list, whether that is for business or at home or for some other purpose (like charity work). There is plenty of white space adjacent to the space where you write your list, so that if you need to assign tasks or make a note, there&#8217;s plenty of room.As a perpetual list-maker, I found this book invaluable. An extra bonus is the nice cover that comes on the product, which makes it sturdy and attractive, yet professional enough to be used in a business setting. It seems this would be a great tool for keeping track of discussion items at those meetings where everyone is assigned different tasks and deadlines.In short, it&#8217;s likely that everyone has a need for this type of product, whether you are trying to keep track of family activities, work tasks, or simply errands you need to run. This book will make your life infinitely easier.Nice action planner that allows for 28 action items and a space to the left for notes.  The planner is undated, so if you're OK filling it in every day, then this is a great planner.  The pages are also perforated so once you complete your tasks you can tear it out and start a new page.  This planner is also very flexible since it is spiral bound which I also like.This is a durable and very flexible action planner.  I am using this to help me stay organized for a move from NY to FL that is happening at lightening speed.  There are so many logistics pieces to keep in place that instead of post-it note lists all over the place ... this really comes in handy.  The pages are perforated for easy removal.  The layout is generic enough so that you are not tied to a certain format or date.This is not a calendar planner.  There are no dates or referenced calendars in this notebook.  It is a good way to plan out your lists and do it in an organized way.Love this!The paper weight on this thing is roundabouts of standard printer paper, with a touch more weight to it. The 80 sheet notebook weighs as much as a typical 100 sheet notebook. Ballpoint ink doesn't bleed through. Gel and fountain pen ink feathers like mad in the broader nib sizes, as well as bleeds through. Gel and fountain pen ink in finer nibs don't feather as much, but they certainly do bleed through. I don't press down very hard, but this paper is hyper absorbent, so it seems to suck the ink straight out of my pen.If you want a heavier duty paper in an notebook that looks nice for business, go for theRhodia Notepads Graph Black Wb 8.3 x 11.7. No pen will bleed through, and you can do whatever you want with the space available. They also come in side bound if you prefer that sort of thing.MeadCambridge Limited ActionPlanner Business Notebook (06064). . . .Those of us looking for a more flexible to-do list or project planner may like this notebook format, which combines a broad field of lined (and sectioned) space with an inner band of open area, giving both firm structure and undefined, creative space to work from. The pages are on a moderately heavy (20-lb) paper stock and are easily detachable from the binder, but can also be left in the notebook as a work log, or whatever. This notebook's greatest strength is its versatility, as well as its canny layout, which maximizes both creative potential and organizational clarity. Recommended!This is a really nicely made business notebook.  The covers are sturdy with an almost plastic-y feel.  The sheets of paper are thick--much thicker than a sheet of loose leaf or that found in a typical spiral notebook.  They take ink really well.Each page has room for 28 entries, plus notes, as well as boxes across the top for page, date, and whatever else you may want to add.  The only thing that would make this planner more useful would be a pocket on the back of each cover.Recommended!I didn't expect the cover of this Notebook to hold up as well as it has, but it's held up to quite a few tosses into the car, onto the desk, and around the house.You can see in the product description what you are getting in terms of layout. No surprise there. The paper is thick enough to reduce bleed/see through, and the tear-out perforations perform to expectations. It's not an everyday notebook, but if you're in weekly meetings, it's a good for note-taking in those.This is a great notebook for lists or plans, with a nice wide side margin for those inevitable modifications or clarifying notes that always crop up.  The paper is very high quality, the slick cover is professional, and it's just very well thought out.  Right now I am using it to take notes during meetings, using the very handy top label for the meeting label and day.  You really can't go wrong with this if you attend planning meetings.For an 80 page notebook, it's perhaps slightly pricey, but once you have it in your hands you will feel like you got the better end of the bargain.  Because of the thick paper, you will always use both sides, and this will probably last me a few months.I do everything electronically, my calendar, task list, scheduling....it's all electronic. However, I do need a single notebook to have with me in meetings and to help me organize and prioritize. This is my product for that purpose. I like the margin with no lines and the numbered list to the right. Some reviewers complain about the pages being thin, but I think they are the same as average notebook paper. I use a fine point sharpie and haven't had issues with bleed through. I travel a lot for work and don't always have quick access to electronics on a plane or in the airport, so I count on having my notebook with me to jot down thoughts, organize myself, and to take notes when I am on company phone calls. This keeps me from using and losing stray pieces of paper. I like that it is bound and all in one place, once I complete a task or transfer my ideas to my computer I can fold or tear out that page and move on. I only need about one of these a quarter, it lasts a long time when in use as I have outlined here.This planning notebook is slightly wider than usual and the paper is slightly thicker and heavier. These are nice features, making writing easier and ink bleed from page to page not a problem.  A feature I particularly like is the column on the left--over 2 inches wide, unlined -- perfect for putting notes on the side of the main writing in the lined "main space". I found this wonderfully useful for organizing/emphasizing key points from the text. Great for note taking, writers, recipes (ingredients + directions)--anything where parallel thoughts are important or the main text benefits from highlighting key points.  Definitely recommended.I LOVE this notebook because it's so roomy - you can use it as a journal, or to do list. There are 28 lines for each day - and pleny of room next to the lines to jot down notes. I had some health issues and used it for awhile to note what I was eating, my blood pressure, heart rate, etc. Then when my health issues resolved, I used it as a daily planner to track what I needed to accomplish. I love it!!I was kinda disappointed that Mead chose to make this notebook wide-ruled. Apart from that, this would otherwise be an excellent notebook.I chose Cambridge Business notebooks for all my note-taking activities. They are slim, yet hold a lot of notes and can be filed away in a hanging-file drawer without ripping or causing damage to other things. I love how I can pull out my notes fast and reference the policies discussed for easy access instead of searching through binders or folders for the right notes. The date space up top also makes it easy to remember to date the meeting took place. Often I am the only one who has the info, so it's good I keep them like this!The spiral portion of the books are sturdy, thin, and do not cause injury like other cheaper-made spirals where the wire comes undone. The notebooks also hold a lot of paper for tons of meetings, but don't seem bulky like other notebooks. The perforation makes it easy to remove pages without damaging the other sheets in the book and without leaving messy &#34;hole-paper&#34; around.The paper in the notebook seems wider than a normal page, so I feel like I get more in one sheet. The cover of the Cambridge notebooks is tough, so it won't rip, tear, or bend easily. When my colleague accidentally spilled coffee on the table, I was able to wipe my notebook clean, while her's (which was cardboard outside) was totally ruined.This Action Planner is my all time favorite office notebook. There is a slim column on one side where I can put alerts to myself of what I need to do, and the numbered side helps me keep track of what the meeting was about or what steps to take on a project. The paper in this notebook is smooth, allowing my pen to glide across quickly instead of dragging like some paper does. The thin, light lines make writing fun and I actually like taking notes.This is a fine notebook.  I like the page layout which is handy for annotating notes.  I wish the paper was a little bit thicker because I write with a bold gel pen and there is a little bit of show-through.  My husband is a notebook fiend and he stole it from me and says he likes it.  He uses a ballpoint usually and thinks the paper is great.Even though everything is done on computers these days, sometimes it's good to throw things down on paper. You can go outside the lines. This planner provides a little bit of structure, but not too much. One side of each page has numbered lines; the other is blank for scribbling in notes at will. At the top, there are boxes to note the date, the topic and, should you pull out the pages and rearrange them, the page numbers. I have used this for several small coding projects where I needed a way to structure what I was doing but still have a good way to note what I had forgotten when I reviewed the notes.As with most Cambridge notebooks, the physical characteristics of the planner are good. The paper is strong and does not tear when you erase. The spiral binding allows you to turn the pages without them ripping or sticking. And the plastic covers, though flexible, is sturdy enough that you can tuck a document into the notebook without fear of it wrinkling when you retrieve it.If you are looking for a way to organize your thoughts for a project with some flexibility in how you structure them, this is a nice notebook to have for both doing the work and keeping it together in a neat manner.This notebook is flexible enough to accommodate any strategy, but mine is quite simple.Each page is dedicated to a specific category of tasks (e.g. garden, house repair, medical and health, etc), broken down to their most do-able components.My previous &#34;methods&#34; have involved many permutations of to-do lists. The ones that failed abysmally were those that were &#34;out of sight, out of mind.&#34;  That is, categorized lists in a Word file.  Other task lists were too small to accommodate the ridiculously long list of tasks I set out for myself, and they tended to be tear-off sheets in a pad.This spiral-bound book is very simple: name, date and a three other fields to fill in at the top, with a list of 28 slots. On the left, about three inches of white space for additional notes.The perforation is clean, so you can rip out old sheets for discarding or remove a sheet for posting on the fridge or bulletin board. The paper is thick enough, but I tend to use a dark pen that shows through. A pencil, finer-point pen -- or a lighter touch -- should double your usage.Each page of this spiral bound notebook is high quality weight paper, with header boxes to insert date, title, etc.  I prefer this brand over an other.  It's perfect for keeping records and more permanent notes, because the cover and paper are such high quality.  i recommend it.I should have looked ahead of time at the other reviews, and I can confirm that the pros are true, but so are the cons.  Looks nice and professional and the way each sheet is designed is handy.  BUT, the paper is extremely low density, so almost anything other than pencil or dry ballpoints will totally bleed through, making the other side of each sheet unusable.  And I agree that the Cambridge logo printed on each and every sheet is incredibly annoying.I know that it isn't the most technologically advanced method of note keeping but my husband still likes to put pen to paper with different things at work.  He was really impressed by how simple this was but just so effective.  He likes keeping this notebook in his briefcase and it is always super easy for him to make notes.Most of my to-do lists are inputted via various software programs on my computer so I can easily update them and then print them out and/or save in PDF form for access on the fly.However, there are some personal projects, etc. for which I still use old-fashioned paper notebooks or lists, notes, etc. (I love Moleskine but oh, my, the prices.)I like the size of this notebook. The format works for what I call &#34;mind-map dumping&#34; (basically free-flow listing of ideas for an indivdual topic, project, etc.) that allows me to add bits on the fly. It's great for keeping track of top-of-mind stuff and miscellaneous bits I want to use for a project, idea, etc. (It's a paper take on MS One Note, if you will.).I would tend to use the whole notebook for a multi-faceted project (interior design ideas, a year's worth of gift ideas, etc.) and inspirational stuff.It gets three stars because the paper used for individual pages is thin and any kind of ink bleeds thru to the other side, making the &#34;back&#34; page unusable. I've switched to using colored pencils and using this for journaling (text) and hand illustrations. I would prefer using my super-thin tipped Sharpies but they bleed thru.If you are aware of its limits, and not expecting this notebook to replace an electronic format, it can be a frequently used tool to capture and store data, bits, etc. that is easily accessible (no electricity or charging required) at home, in the office or on the fly.I have trouble keeping track of everything I have to get done in a day, so I thought this planner would help.  Sure I've used regular notebooks before and plain old lined paper, but they end up getting used to take meeting minutes, phone call notes, and whatever else I need to jot down.  Having this notebook with it's formatted pages makes this specific to my &#34;action items.&#34;  Now I have them all in one place and it's helping keep this someone disorganized and over-committed workaholic organized and somewhat on track!Nice action planner - 80 pages!  Really helps to organize your projects with full page space for notes and action items.  perforated so pages can be removed easily without jagged edges or messy book.I'm a writer and I'm always searching for that *one* method for organizing my assignments in pad form. I'm not sure this is it, but it is certainly worth trying. There is a place for date/topic, etc. at the top and then 28 numbered lines to the right, with a space for notes along the left margin. A pretty good and flexible template, now I just have to see if I can find a specific use for it.I kind of wish the numbered lines when to 31 so that I could (duh) use them as days of the month, that might have been extremely useful and I'm not sure how they came up with 28 other than that's what fit on the page. Not everyone would need a day-per-month but it seems like that would have been a good idea (and why I only gave it four stars).Mead products are typically pretty good in quality and this is no exception--nice paper, etc. In terms of quality of workmanship, this is a five-star product. So, give it 4.5.I love this planner.  It is well made, and it has a hard cover that allows it to be written on anywhere.  The spacing is easy to write on and read.  If you need more space than your traditional planners, this is a good one.Elegant in its simplicity, the design of the pages in this notebook is adaptable to just about any purpose.  There's a very wide blank left-hand margin for providing a project's overview .  The lines to the right can be used for checklists, names, to dos, or brainstorming. The pages are perforated for quick and clean removal.I'm using this to plan and track my students' individual progress, to implement an action plan to expand my business, to plan my spring and summer gardening, and to plan and track some home renovations.  It's no coincidence that all these things involve the word &#34;plan&#34; and the possibilities seem to be limitless, despite the name.The notebook itself is a businesslike faux leather, big enough to be taken seriously, but the spiral construction makes it portable.  In the few days I've had it, this planner has become as indispensable as my phone and iPad.  Love it!I was a little hesitant to try out a business planner notebook, but I am so glad I did.  The notebook is wonderful.  The pages are clean and uncluttered by lettering that someone else thinks you need.  YOU add in whatever you want/need.  There are lightly colored lines to write on with each line numbered 1 to 28, and the pages are easily removed if you want to because of the perforated edges.  The back of each sheet mirrors the front.  The paper is a nice weight...not too thick and not too thin.  The only writing at the top of each paper is the Page and Date.  I think this is a very usable product that will help keep me on track throughout my day.I've always been a fan of the TOPS Daily Agenda. Thought this may be an alternate but decided this is too generic for my needs.I use this notebook as a planner, and it works perfectly in that role. It has good heavyweight paper that doesn't bleed through if you are using a ballpoint pen (gel pens are a little more problematic). Boxes at the top of each page make it easy to record dates, page numbers and project information. The body of the page has both a numbered, lined section and a &#34;notes&#34; section good for jotting down thoughts or additional information. Great product!I have never had a daily, weekly,  and yearly planner this comprehensive. Perhaps that is because this isn't just a planner but a guidebook to help accomplish goals. From beginning to end, readers are encouraged to step back, think about what they want to accomplish over the course of a year, and implement those priorities into their schedule .At the beginning of the planner is a section on Goals and Ideas for the year, organized by priority ( from top priority to optional). There are different pages for professional goals and personal goals. That is the kind of detail I appreciate...and looking at the larger picture is a super part of a daily and weekly planner.Some may prefer to skip to the more basic calendar and monthly planner. But those who want to focus more deeply on achieving their goals can delve into the pages which address the actions they took to reach their destination - and how well they worked.As with most planners, there are spaces to fill in activities for each day of the month. What sets this planner apart is the continued focus on daily and monthly priorities. This theme gets revisited and I appreciated the chance to examine my perspective and notice when I got off track, distracted by less important activities.There are bits of helpful advice and encouragement along the way. A suggestion to step into a goal and visualize it as accomplished. Or prompting readers to brainstorm some creative ideas to look at goals from a unique perspective.At this point it should very obvious that this isn't a bare bones calendar and daily planner. And it may not appeal to everyone. But I'm I impressed by all the details, ones which keep me focused on what I truly want to accomplish each day.3.I was having a hard time trying to find a planner that fit my needs -- until I saw this one. I love how there are lines on 3/4 of each page on the right side and empty space on about 1/4 of the left side of each page. There are only a couple small headings, such as date, and several blank spaces, so you can really customize this planner to fit your exact needs.I really liked that it has a side perforation to make page removal clean and easy. However, should you not wish to remove the pages, they stay firmly in place in the notebook, which is spiral-bound. The black linen cover is flexible, yet durable, and looks professional. The pages are a slightly larger than many other planners, (8 1/2&#34; x 11&#34;), and the paper itself is slightly thicker (20 lb, of which 30% is post consumer waste) than many other planners. I have not had any issues with ink bleeding through the pages.I have no complaints about this Planner. If your needs change, this planner can change right along with your needs. I highly recommend this item.My daughter is into drama and plays lately and this book has been great for that. She uses the lined area for the dialogue then the side column for comments, such as &#34;Walks into the room acting very upset&#34; or &#34;looks ready to cry and rushes out the door&#34; type direction that sets the stage or activities that go along with the dialogue.This would be a great book for planning any type of projects as well. I usually use MS OneNote, but there are times when you just need something physical with you - online or on your PC or tablet isn't always best. However, my girl got a hold of it for her scripts before I had the chance.I have plenty of notebooks with plain lines, like everyone, and sure, that's... fine. But this is much more satisfying for working on actual multi-step projects. I particularly like to use the unlined &#34;notes&#34; column on the left to comment on how things went, for future reference.The paper is decently thick, but not super fancy. The covers are flexible textured plastic, which feels nice but makes the notebook hard to use without a desk. Also, this notebook looks EXACTLY like other styles of Cambridge Limited notebooks (like ones with just plain lines or the meeting planner, or whatever) so having a few different ones is confusing if you don't mark them somehow.Still, I kind of want to collect them all. And I don't even have any meetings to plan.The MeadCambridge Limited Action Planner is anything but limited. It has become an essential organizational tool for me, and I've been so pleased with it so far -- I use this particular planner in conjunction with David Allen's Getting Things Done productivity strategy, and have been thrilled.It's sturdy and well-made, with coated wire binding: it's survived over a month in my bag, with daily use, and is still holding up great. The covers are plasticized, which makes it less susceptible to water damage and destruction, and protects the paper inside the notebook.Each page lets you plan out a project, day, or task list, and includes lines write out each step necessary to complete the objective. I've found this planner invaluable for strategizing and completing major and minor projects both. Highly recommended.This is a great notebook in many ways.It's full-size, spiral-bound, made of 20-pound paper, and has a flexible but durable cover.  It would be a great, &#34;survivable&#34; notebook, one that could take abuse in a backpack or briefcase.It's best feature is the 2  inch wide left margin.  Many, many uses suggest themselves.  One of the clear ones is taking &#34;Cornell notes&#34; in lectures.  If you're not familiar with this excellent system, there are many explanations online.The downside is the cost.  The notebook is 80 pages, and it costs about $5.25 here on Amazon today.  That seems pretty steep.  In the end, this will be a decision about value, and it can only be made on an individual basis.One puzzle:  Why is this called a &#34;Limited Action Planner&#34;?  There's nothing limited about the uses for this notebook.This is a great Notebook!It has a great sturdy cover that has a wire binding and 80 dual side pages to write upon.The paper is thick and sturdy with no bleeding from the opposite side.The edges are perforated so when I need to take a list with me or throw it away, it's simple.I use my electronics but inevitably I head to a nice, large, paper list like old times.The simplicity of the design is nice, with a left column with open space and the right with numbered lines.The only writing on it is &#34;page&#34; in the upper left, &#34;date&#34; next to that, &#34;notes&#34; above the open left column, and the numbered lines on the right half of the page.  It is just perfect for business, family life, grocery list, and just about anything else you can think of.  The price right now is around five bucks and I would definitely buy another for that price!I guess I don't know exactly what I was expecting, but this wasn't it.  I guess I was hoping for a way to organize projects, make shopping lists, categorize to-dos... but this is nothing more than a lined notebook with a divided space for extra notes.  Of course, I could use it to do all those things, but I could also use a $1 notebook from walmart or a $3 journal from Barnes and Noble for the same purpose.  It does look a little more professional, but no more useful than a simple notebook you could pick up anywhere.I use this primarily as a task keeper...basically, I use it to keep lists. I love it for this purpose, it's by far the best notebook I've every used for task management. However, I really do just use it for lists (of which I have a lot). If you're going to need to expand on things, this may not be the best option.This is a well made notebook with solid paper.  Love that it is a general blank planner.  I organize many business and personal activities and use several different notebooks.  I added a few tabs to the page edges and this has become an all in one for me.  Very pleased and would order another when the need arises.Most people have no idea what 16 pound weight paper is... That is average for a spiral notebook, the reason I like this one is because its 20 pound paper, so its stronger. Its not that real heavy paper, but its stronger than almost all loseleaf paper, and stronger than almost all spiral notebook paper. Just an FYI- computer paper- that printers use are also 20 pound paper. Enjoy.This is a basic &#34;Limited Action Planner&#34; form bound in a high quality spiral binder with a great cover.  The paper is high quality, no bleed through, and the binding is solid.  It will be a little cheaper to just buy LAP forms unbound, but the convenience of having a bound planner without a three ring binder is a strong selling point.  Usually these items carry a price point that makes the premium too high for the product, and this is no exception at $10, but the current Amazon discount has this selling at $5.60 - not a bad deal - lifting a 4 star &#34;only buy it if you can afford luxury&#34; review to a five star, &#34;worth it&#34; review!My husband has a ton of meetings at work and he has found this notebook useful to jot down notes. It's nice to have the date the meeting occurred, main topic of discussion at the top and bullet points below (with enough room for elaboration) of things discussed. And since his notes are all in one place, they're easy to locate later when he wants to refer back to them.True, a regular notebook can just as easily fill this role however this looks a touch more professional, which is why my husband decided to use it at work.I'm always looking for ways to enhance productivity and ensure I do everything I need on any given day. For those of us who can't warm up to to-do apps, paper products are still best. For some reason, a to-do list just doesn't seem as helpful or clear when I see it on my tablet or smartphone as when I can write it on paper. If you are like me in this regard, check out this product.This is an undated action planner, so you can make your to-do lists as often or as rarely as you wish. There is a lot of space between the lines to write in big letters and not feel crowded. the notebook is sturdy and efficiently organized. Since I received it, I've been using it so much that it only has about a dozen empty sheets left. This is definitely a good, useful product.I like this notebook as the blank piece on the left side lets me make notes for action items.  It is also a high quality book with high quality spiral center.This to-do list notebook reminds me of Cornell-style notes where you have the main ideas on the left side of the page and detailed notes on the right. This notebook has a large open column on the left for jotting down ideas or thought clouds, while the right side features 28 lines for taking notes on.This is an extremely versatile notebook and is great for attending meetings or interviews. You can keep your questions organized and write down main ideas and easily draw attention to important dates or topics you need to follow up on.I'm a certified PMP who prefers some old school methods of Project Management when it comes to tracking action items, risks, lessons learned, etc.  Having seen many disasters when people rely solely on their tablets for note taking, I like having a paper record I can refer to and transcribe from.I like this Mead/Cambridge Action Planner Business Notebook because it lends a serious and professional look to my note taking in meetings (contrasted with a simple college ruled, spiral notebook).  The printed form has plenty of space for page number, date, headline or title, 29 numbered lines to align the salient take away points from the meeting, and a big white space margin for additional notes and thoughts. The paper is somewhat heavy, but wet inks (such as fountain pen) have slight bleed though to the back of the page; gel ink and ball point is okay.Deducting one star for the bleed through.Highly recommendedI am one of those people that has to-do lists. If I didn't, things would fall through the cracks, and no one wants that. So I thrive on writing things down, and checking them off when I've accomplished said task. I generally write these lists down in small pieces of paper, and sometimes they get lost before I've completed them. Or I start a new list before the old one is entirely done...Using the Mead Action Planner Business Notebook, I have a place for my To-Do lists that doesn't get lost or misplaced. I can refer to a previous page to update my lists without forgetting anything. If I wrote it down, it will not be forgotten.If you have the desk space for a larger sized (9x11) notebook to house your To-Dos, this is a very good one.I really like this action planner notebook: the paper is a bit stronger than average (while still being 'regular' weight paper), which makes it hold up well to daily use and wear. The layout is intuitive and great for list makers like myself, it's easy to add notes in the margins, check boxes, etc. and I'm just overall quite happy with the: price, quality, design, useability of this notebook: would recommend!This is great for planning projects. Pages are not dated or numbered, so you can sequence them the way you want. The wider, right-handed column is numbered, and the smaller left-hand column is blank for notes. This has been a great way for me to organize different projects.We used to teach students to rule a line down the middle of their notebook paper so they could take notes on one side as they read or listened to a lecture, and then go back and summarize, add their own notes, or expand on points when they studied later. This notebook has the line down the page, with a blank space on the left and a larger lined section on the right. It is perfect for notetaking.It's also super handy for folks who make notes and also draw diagrams. It's intended to allow you to scribble things on the left (GTD ubiquitous capture) and then to organize and prioritize them on the right, where the lines are numbered. This would be handy for research and writing, since you can capture things on one side and then organize them on the other.I love it for business meetings, too. You can note the agenda on the left-hand side and fill in with notes on the right. You can take notes on the right during the meeting and add additional info or outcomes on the left later.Unfortunately, you can only do this on one side of the page unless you choose your pen very carefully. Even a fine-tip ballpoint shows through a bit, and a Pilot pen or gel pen will interfere with writing or reading on the other side.If you can work around that, this is a great notebook. Attractive and professional looking, with a stylish cover and perforated pages for easy removal.I am one to buy the cheapest notebooks during back to school sales. This Business Notebook has some nicer qualities - the pages are side perforated, it's a heavier weight paper and it has a sturdy plastic cover. The setup is working nicely for organizing info that I receive daily as treasurer for a nonprofit group but I wouldn't spend the extra money - of course I am naturally frugal.Just an old fashioned way to stay on track. Putting pen/pencil to paper is still a good thing. And yes i would recommend to a friend.very nice for someone very professional and knows what to write down. I still not sure why I bought it. LOLI'm very happy with this notebook.  It's not really the usual notebook a student would take to class (although one could), but rather a planner or task notebook.  You can see the page images for yourself.  I use mine to record tasks for a small business I do on the side.  It has all the things I need: a column on the left for &#34;notes,&#34; spaces for names, date, and other info at the top, and plenty of room for writing in the main section of text.  The cover is solid (but not thick) plastic material and the rings keep their shape and work well.  My only complaint is minor (and is the reason for 4 out of 5 stars): rollerball ink tends to bleed through the pages a little bit (not bad, just a little).  Overall, though, a great notebook for planning or task-tracking.  Recommended!I have been using this notebook as my &#34;brain dump&#34; location for the past week, and for the most part it's pretty great. I've been experimenting with the Bullet Journal system and that's what I'm using this notebook for. If you haven't heard of it, google it. It's just a method for note taking and to-do lists that really makes sense and the guy who invented it has a free website that explains everything.Anyways, let's just do a quick list of pros and cons for this notebook to keep things simple.PROS:1. Nice design that gives a little more structure than a normal notebook page, yet enough flexibility to change things up. Each page has a header section divided into five boxes, two of which are labeled &#34;page&#34; and &#34;date.&#34; This works perfectly with the bullet journaling system because you always want to put the date at the top and number your pages so you can add them to the index later. This would also be helpful if you were keeping notes on a college class or had other reasons to keep track of notes on certain page numbers.2. The rest of the page is divided into two columns. The left column has a very small &#34;notes&#34; header and is blank (no lines) The right column is lined with numbers 1-28 down the side. The lines are approximately the same size as wide-ruled paper, which I saw some people didn't like, but I actually like that for to-do lists. It keeps things from getting too cluttered.3. Each page is perforated, so you can remove it, but they are not going anywhere unless you want them to. The spiral binding is solid and holds each page securely unless you really want to remove it.4. Each page has an identical layout, front and back, so you can do double-page spreads with no problem.5. I like the size of this notebook. The paper is about half an inch bigger than a standard sheet of lined paper, so more room to make notes.CONS:1.) I hate the &#34;Cambridge Limited&#34; logo on the bottom of every single page. This distracts me and feels intrusive on my thought process and it just makes my page look messy. I don't like it, not at all.2.) Having the numbered list go to 28 is fine for &#34;to do&#34; lists or creating a calendar for the month of February, but having it go to 30 or, ideally, 31 would make it much more flexible. I like to have a calendar page for each month and the numbered list isn't long enough to do that without handwriting the numbers in.3.) Paper is just normal paper, and not very heavy. My ultra-fine sharpie pen bleeds through like crazy. My regular ball-point pens are okay but still leave some indentations on the paper that show through the other side. Pencil would be no problem, though.FINAL THOUGHTS:This notebook has some really nice features and I will be happy to use it until it's filled. It's not perfectly suited to what I'm trying to do with the bullet journaling (planning to get a Moleskin graph paper one next time for that) but I can see this being an especially great fit for a college student who needs to take notes on classes. It's awesome for dumping your brain at the end of the day and at the time of writing this review it's on sale for around $5: I definitely would pay that for it. But $10 is pushing it, especially with that Cambridge Limited logo at the bottom of each page. The logo is really what cost this notebook major stars from me.This is a well thought out notebook, offering a good deal of flexibility to the note taker.  The top lines allow various sorts of meta information including, specifically Page and Date.  The numbered lines offer a way to organize key points, and the wide left hand margin has more than enough space to jot down notes and observations about the subject.The pages are all perforated so that they can be removed from the binder and put into files.  However they're not three-hole punched so adding them to a spiral notebook would require the use of a hole punch.  The pages themselves are printed in eye-easy colors, and the covers are sturdy yet quite flexible.It's a good product, but I find it a bit pricey.  For the same amount of money you could get a stack of plain lined spiral notebooks and rule in your own sections.  It wouldn't be as professional looking, but it'd be a whole lot cheaper.Great planner that can meet varying needs - good for organizing tasks and due dates. In contrast to most notebook planners that are smaller in size, this notebook offers larger pages with ample space for notes. Very durable sturdy cover. The 20lb paper is nice since it's slightly heavier and the ink does not bleed through to the other side.This looked so cheap that I sent it back as soon as possible. It looked like loose plastic on the outside and the inside was nothing special. Ugh!!Looks great with the storage zipper pocket and all but fell apart after very minimal use. I'd steer clear of this brand, based on this experience.This was exactly what I needed when I took on the job as secretary of a small taxing district. It has everything I need when I attend the meetings and have to take notes.This Padfolio has served me well through out several jobs and internships. I bought it in college to look more professional when I was interviewing. It seems to have done the trick as I have gotten every job I interviewed with it.I really like that it has different areas to take notes. I always find that starting to take notes about what the company expects from you is a really good thing to do during the interview.There's also a large back pocket that works well to shove your phone and license in if you're a girl and your dress pants don't have usable pockets.I still take this to work with me everyday and bring it into meetings and presentations.I really like these thick paper notebooks they are great. I keep notes daily on them, and have for years. I love it since its I think 24lb paper. (which in plain English, means its thicker than most paper. But not in any way like cardboard). Just quality paper. Enjoy!!I'd looked around for a padfolio for a while. I didn't want one with a calculator built in, and didn't want a real cheap one that would only last a few months. While I was more looking for one that holds legal pads, this Cambridge product can hold legal pad or a regular notebook, or both. So it's very flexible.I could do without the post-it note dispenser, mini notebook and zippered case, but I'll live with them. Overall, very pleased in the product and the cost.I am a big fan of Cambridge notebooks but this pad-folio is less than functional. For starters, the outer material looks cheap. It has the wavy appearance that comes with faux-leather that hasn't been pulled tight before sewing the seams. Furthermore, the zipper pocket feels like it will rip if I don't handle the zipper pull with surgeon like precision. The sticky note slot is a neat idea in theory but ends at that - it only has enough space available for about 15 sticky notes so don't dream of loading a whole sticky notepad in there. I wasn't really surprised either when my standard sized business cards didn't fit in the business card slots. Don't waste your money.This was a great portfolio to bring on my interviews. I would write general questions I had for each program on the small notepad in the front and specific questions in the notebook inside. The front was a great place to put business cards I collected in the day. The small pouch in the front was a great place for me to put my iPhone as I tried to carry light as as a woman in a suit skirt did not have access to pockets. Professional looking.If you read TheLadyFair's review, it really is everything she says it is, and more. Though I am not a might accoutant as she, I am the envy of my IT department because I carry this around with me to my meetings. In fact, I think I am the envy of the department because of this product.&#34;Buy this padfolio. It doesn't matter what you do, what you wear, what you say: as long as you carry this beauty under your arm or across your chest, you can forget to put your pants on and still be looked upon as a true professional. &#34; - TheLadyFairThe above quote sums this up most beautifully. If you are looking for a padfolio, you have found the padfolio that all other padfolios wish they could be.What is nice about this portfolio is you have the option of using either a top-bound or side-bound note tablet. Lots of room for different sizes of notes. The zippered pouch is useful for paper clips and extra writing instuments. It is faux leather but it does not look or feel cheap. Highly recommended.I bought this printer back in October of 2003.  So far, this Canon has proven itself to be very fast, reliable, and economical.  There is an option to use &quot;draft&quot; mode for the purpose of conserving ink.  This is a great feature to have if you print a lot of text, like I do.  The black ink cartridge is also relatively inexpensive.  I bought this particular printer because I print a lot of text.  My main criteria was keeping the cost per page as low as possible.  I rarely print photos, but the few that I have printed on Canon's paper looked very nice.I like the design of the printer.  You can fold the paper holder in the back forward and it will act as a dust cover to keep the inside of the printer clean.  You can also close the front of the printer as an added measure to keep the inside free of dust.  The i560 is a little bit more expensive than comparable printers from other brands.  However, I believe that the lower cost per page will more than make up for it in the long run.  There are individual ink cartridges.  And the ink cartridges do not have a smart chip built into them.  It might be possible, although I have not tried it, to refill the cartridges yourself if you can find the right ink.  However, I think the cost of the ink cartridges for this particular printer is low enough that I would recommend buying only the genuine Canon ink, that way you can eliminate most of the problems that people experience with generic or refilled ink cartridges.  I was told that a lot of problems that people have with their ink jets are due to using generic or refilled ink cartridges.When I bought this printer in 2003, It was a little over $100. I don't care what kind of software they may have added, but it's worth a little over $100. (The better software also comes with the Canon A560 and S3 cameras.)As with most things Canon, this is a good piece of equipment. It doesn't use ink sparingly, and the cartridges are expensive, so the one thing I use the printer sparingly for is printing photos.It's relatively fast. Print quality is excellent. Ink dries quickly. And if you are going to print photos, HP Premium Plus glossy photo paper "outshines" Canon's own. Ink dries faster on HP than on any other I've tried -- and that's a lot.I've had a canon 500 series for a while and its a very solid printer.  Not a speedster at all, but the print quality is great, reliability has been perfect, and software support is very solid (e.g., t-shirt transfers which need to be inverted were included via one choice in print setup).The issue with this (and probably other color inkjets) is that the price is very misleading.  It's the cost of ink that will really be the cost, they run out pretty quickly, and the replacement cartridges are very expensive.  If you don't mind that aspect, its a great printer.This replaced my Lexmark Z52 - the Lexmark ink was so expensive and the Canon is better for universal printing and has cheaper inks as well.  I recommend it.Quiet Mode - Doesn't just reduce noise. Will also slow the printer's operation a bit. Why would you want to do this, you may ask? I ran in draft mode and the printer was so fast it sucked the paper from the paper tray at an impressive speed ... so fast that it can feed the paper slightly askew and almost throw it across the room on eject. In &quot;standard mode&quot; plain paper printing can be so fast the ink hasn't completely dried. So ... it can sometimes be a good thing to slow this creature down a bit and Quiet Mode is the way to do it. I run that way all the time and life is good.Ink Cartridges have no &quot;stale date&quot; - Don't make yourself crazy trying to read the dotted characters at the package bottom to read a date into it. They're lot numbers, not encoded dates. Unlike all HP cartridges and most Epson cartridges, Canon just doesn't date its ink. It &quot;seems&quot; that ink cartridges without self contained print heads have very long shelf lives since there are no internal jets to clog as the sealed cartridge ages. I will believe the Canon rep on this one since it makes sense, although I'm always more comfortable knowing the age of the ink. Like many of you I want a reserve of ink &quot;at the ready&quot; so I just buy from a retailer that always has a fresh supply like Best Buy, Staples, OfficeMax and probably Amazon.The Nozzle Game - Don't let the salesman sell you a more expensive Canon (I860, I960) because it &quot;has more nozzles&quot;. More nozzles doesn't mean anything in terms of printer resolution or precision. Each cartridge has a certain number of nozzles, no matter what printer it's used on. I believe Black has 320 and color 512 except yellow which has 256. The I560 holds 4 cartridges and if you do the math has 320+512+512+256=1600 nozzles. The I860 has an extra 256 nozzles but that's only because is can hold a 5th cartridge (black with 256 nozzles). Ditto with I960 which holds 6 cartridges at 512 nozzles each for a whopping 3000+ nozzles. So, consider the advantages of having more cartridges and the essence of these cartidges but don't be led to think that high nozzle counts means it prints better.Warrantees and Print Heads - Just be aware that unlike HP printers the Canon I-Series has one installable print head which will likely determine the useful life of the printer. Since the cartridges do not have print heads they are less expensive, but they do not contribute to the useful life of the printer. I do know that the apparently simple and little print head is claimed by Canon to have a lot of electronics in it and is the most expensive component of the printer. So ... when it goes, the printer goes (costs around $70-$80). Canon expects their print heads to last 1-3 years, maybe more, and their $50 extended warranty covers it. I was tempted to buy the $30 extended warranty from Best Buy but was told the print head is a &quot;consumable&quot; and won't be replaced. So ... Buyer Beware on warrantees and expect to surrender your beloved Canon when the print head goes.Enjoy your Canon and treat yourself to a new one every couple years or so. I'm very happy with my I560 and Canon support for this and my LiDE50 Scanner has been solid. (I pay for the phone call and in return they offer me courtesy, knowledge and they even speak English.)-- Samwhich is what I wanted it for. Hopefully it will work for something else some day, but this is a lot to pay for something I have little use for other than that specific task.I may be wrong but this bottle seemed to go out on me pretty quick, that's my only complaint. Other than that I found the actual adhesive to work beautifully. It turned paper into stickers and didn't warp the paper either like some overly wet solutions.The spray nozzle doesn't spry all over the place, and if you invert the can and clean ( not too long ), its good for years.We bought this to glue fabric to wood panels and it works wonderful. Holds tight, dries really fast and no bubbling in the fabric.I use this in the construction of model airplanes. Good adhesion. It is clear finish. Excellent 3M product. I would recommend.These papers match up perfectly with Canon printers and produce photo lab quality prints. I've tried other brands but there is a huge difference. I learned my lesson and will stick to Canon paper. Priced fair if bought in quantities.If you own a Canon photo printer then you should not hesitate to purchase this paper.I recently purchased a Canon i860 Photo Printer and ordered some of this paper along with it.  Imagine my amazement while the printer spit out a lab quality photo (borderless) in under 45 seconds on this paper.  And yes, it truly is the paper that makes the difference.I have tried other companies paper in my printer and can not achieve the same results.  Using my 5 MP camera, I am getting better than lab photos with this paper.  Better photos, I'm not joking.The paper holds the ink nicely, so your photo is dry the instant your pinter has finished its last pass.I had friends up one evening, took their photo, uploaded the picture and they had a photo in their hands in under 2 minutes.  Their eyes were amazed, and they were truly speechless at the quality of this paper.Do not skimp on the quality, if that is what you are after in paper.  This is the paper for you.I have used this photo paper for a long time.  Your photos turn out so much nicer than what a photo lab does for you.  The paper is thicker and more durable.  The colors are vibrant.  This paper never jams in my printer.  I use several of the Canon photo papers and this one is the most popular especially if you are placing them in an album.  The glossy paper shows up nicely in a photo album.  If your pictures are going to be touched often by human hands, then you might want to choose a matte finish instead.  Otherwise, I love this photo paper.This paper is absolutely amazing with my Canon printer!  I was surprised to find that the color was accurate, the prints very clear, and the paper was dry once it came out of my printer.  I even &quot;test smudged&quot; the paper and there was not one run, smudge, or ink left on my fingers (unlike my first attempt on the crappy generic paper)  I'm definitely reordering this stuff for my photo printing needs :)Great all around paper, nice weight and thickness.  This is a good value compared to my local retail electronic store which charges almost double the price I can get through AMAZON.  Because this is a Canon product I have never been disappointed with quality after purchasing this product for over 3 years now.  I would highly recommend this to anyone printing their own photos at home !!I am very satisfied with the quality of this paper. My all-in-one Canon MP600 Pixma printer puts out absolute quality prints with this paper. It usually is suggested that one should use the paper recommended by the manufacturer. I did and it's unparalleled!It's an excellent buy!I have used both this photo paper and the photo paper pro, and i really cant tell a difference. I am using a canon mp730 (great multifunction printer if you are in the market btw) and the colors come out crisp and vibrant. The only thing you might notice between this and the really high end stuff is the texture of the print. It seems that this paper is ever-so slightly rougher than the really good stuff. If you are just making regular prints to share with family, I would get this stuff...if you are using it for professional shots or something that you would like to keep for a long time, i would get the higher end stuff.I would recommend this glossy photo paper for great looking prints.We got this paper for printing vacation photos for our album and to send to family and friends - the ones without the computer and email. Works great every time, has a nice feel to it (provided you just hold it by the edges), and has a very good weight. I tend to like this better than the photo pro paper, which is supposed to be a better quality paper than this, but feels flimsy. I highly recommend the paper plus glossy.I've been using this paper for quite a while with great results.  I have several Canon printers, and photos come out VERY good. I have framed many of the photos that I printed out using this paper, and you would be hard pressed to tell if they were done by a lab or by a home printer.I tried the Photo Paper Pro to see if there was a difference, and quite honestly, the difference was extremely minor, almost undetectable.  The Plus paper is so much cheaper than the Pro paper, that I would highly recommend you just go with the Plus.  You'll be very happy with the results, and you'll save alot of money.Creating the transfer is easy--the instructions are simple to follow and they work. However, after the first wash (delicate cycle in a front-loader, cold water, hang to dry), the ink starts washing off and the edges start to become frayed. Also, the image itself starts to become crinkled! Maybe hand washing is what's needed but that's not something the instructions call for. In fact, it says you can machine wash & dry--clearly, you can't.The Avery Dark T-Shirt InkJet Iron-On Transfers are a very cool product useful for putting your images on dark material where regular transfers will not work. Saddly, don't expect to use the whole page for your design.These perform exactly as expected, with great image quality and no problems feeding through my printer, right up to the point where you attempt to peel the backing off before ironing on the transfer. I spent a good 1/2 hour trying to remove the backing, using every trick possible before resorting to making a "small" rip (as the instructions suggest) to get it started. This worked most of the time, but it means that you can't use the whole sheet since you have to rip it to remove the backing. We learned to only print about 3/4 of the page to give us plenty of ripping space.After you get the backing off, these iron on to your cotton material and really do look great. Be sure to read and follow the directions.I'll look for another brand, but will continue to use these if a better solution isn't out there.Works really well.  The colors come out nice and bright, even white is bright and strong.Looks like a pro job, ironed on great, crisp and clear.  Really happy with this product.It should not be this hard to peel.It does not peel.It should be easy.I threw the bag of sheete in the trash. Waste of money.Do you like to make labels?  Then you will love this.  Essentially it is a sheet of label paper that allows one to make a label of any size.  What is especially great about this is it is on acid free paper, so it can be used on card stock and scrapbooking.  A wonderful product for the crafting.The project paper kit is simply 8.5 x 11 inch sheets of paper with a sticky back.  They are whole sheets that you put into your printer and create whatever sort of sticker you want.  After creating and printing, you just cut out the sticker you created.  There is no template or special software needed as it's just normal paper with glue underneath.  I used "Drawing" from OpenOffice to create my stickers, and it worked fine.It's a good concept, and cheap and easy way to organize your stuff in a funner way.  The stickers are pretty sticky, but don't feel like they will permanently stick.  I have been able to apply and remove stickers from plastic jars with ease.I recommend this kit if you are into crafts.What a great idea, and it works well too!  You basically get plain sticker sheets of paper, that I fed into my printer to get printed designs, that I then cut out.I found just the thing to use these on - to put cute stickers on a cabinet with clear doors - to hide the mountain of medicine, vitamins, etc on it's shelves from plain view.  Worked extremely well!This is basically a giant blank sticker sheet which permits you to print any shape that you like; you just need to cut it out yourself.  The fact that it's repositionable is a gigantic plus.  The software is fun too.Great quality and easy to use.  My Inkjet colors didn't smear.  Crack and peel back is very useful.  Perfect for DIY projects.I was looking for an easy-to-remove but sturdy sticker to use in my mate's vending machine business when I found Avery's Sticker Project Paper.  Previously, we'd used rectangular or circular stickers that left no room for creativity, so our attempts to draw the eye looked like pre-made "New!" stickers you see in grocery stores.  Ho-hum.With these full-sized sheets, I'm able to create my own shapes and sizes.  Avery.com supplies free templates, or you can use your own art.  I'm very pleased with the quality and the ease of repositioning and removal. People are noticing, and that's good for business.These sticker pages are great!  I can make a photo montage using my photo software and cut the pictures apart.  That makes it perfect for using photos in my scrapbooks but not having to put my actual paper pictures in there!  I love this!  Easy and not expensive to buy when I run out of my supply.  :-)I use these to make customized labels or jars or storage boxes, and when my kids are lucky we use them for special art projects.  We can make special stickers for my boys that combine their names and interests--very customized to them, which is a real treat for them.  They can also be used for special, unique gift tags, which really put that special "something" onto a gift.I use these sticker papers and wrap them around glass mason jars to decorate homemade cookies.  It's so convenient to print and go, but don't get this wet.  The ink will run if wet.Nice quality stuff, with a convenient crack & peel back. Standard quality heavy paper (nothing special, but nice enough), sticker is full sized sheet. Prints nicely without jamming. My only complaint is that the crack and peel is rather widely spaced, so if you're making smaller stickers, you can easily get something that doesn't have a break across the back, making it difficult to remove from the backing paper. It's heavy enough that it's not a terrible problem, and I suspect it's somewhat necessary to prevent jamming, so I only took off one star. The paper also sheds toner a bit if it's bent/rubbed much, but it's designed for inkjets, not laser, so I'm not deducting any stars for that, but I'm including the note for those using laser printers. Great sticky adhesive.Avery makes a pretty wide selection of sizes for address labels and the like.  If none of the precut sizes work for you, this is a good choice.  I couldn't find anything wrong with it for what it is, other than the price seems a bit high.  They even put slits in the release liner to make the stickers easier to peel off since the paper goes right to the edge.If you want to make custom stickers, this is the paper for you. If you want to make cool decorations for a kids party, this is the paper for you. I only wish is had a few more score lines on the back. Sometimes, when I cut out smaller images from the paper, there are none on the back and then its a real pain to peel.Like most kids, my children love stickers. I selected this product to create custom stickers, hoping that the stickers could also be removed easily. I am happy to report that this paper appears to work as described. I had no problems printing to this paper and then sticking and un-sticking the creations.Avery has some suggested crafts on its website, but nothing appealing to my children. But there are many ideas on the web. Another possibility is to let them design something on the computer or on paper and then scan it and print it out. I can imagine many other uses for this sticker paper. If they were less expensive, I would use them with my Amazon seller account and just print, stick, and ship. They would also make excellent labels for homebrewing.It would be nice to have a choice of colors, glossy and luster finishes, and finer scoring on the back for smaller stickers. I just wish there were more sheets in the pack!Works great in my printer, had no issues.  My only complaint is that it only comes with 15 sheets.  So if you make a mistake, or wish you had printed it in "best" format, you have to throw the whole thing away and now you are down to 14 sheets!  I used it for making a half-sheet label, which was easy with the templates on avery.com. Overall, no complaints.I love Avery labels!  Their free templates are easy to find and download.  The labels print flawlessly every time.  And they are durable.  I really can't say enough about these terrific time savers.  I design my own return address labels with a family portrait on them, I print out address labels for my holiday cards, and I print larger labels for packages, all with ease!  If you are looking for high quality labels that won't let you down, Avery is the way to go...About these larger labels, they are terrific for school projects, for gifts (make your own name labels, or customize things that you give people), and for printing photo stickers of any size.  But they are not shirt transfer labels or water proof (as the picture made me think they were).These are fantastic! So cool. The kids love them. I ordered them for my grandchildren. The four-year-old loves to print off the computer and these are wonderful. Avery has awesome products. Never any complains, but I think these are more clever than most. Highly recommended.The possibilities here are limited only by your imagination.  I am currently using these to make cute stickers for my homemade jams, jellies, vinegars, and limoncello to give as Christmas gifts.  I can just print them up and cut them out at will, as many as I need, and it's very easy to peel and stick - and if it's not just right the first time, you can reposition them too!  Well thought out product, THANKS Avery, you've done it again.Basically you buy a pack of 15 sticker sheets. The sheets are uncut and 8.5 by 11.  They fit into any printer and you can download templates or use your own.  You can print any kind of sticker, graphic, picture, text from Word--anything goes, then you cut out your graphic in the shape you want and you have a custom sticker.  The possibilities are endless.The Sticker Project Paper would be especially fun with kids, allowing them to pick a graphic then print them a sticker. They can print one sticker or a page of stickers.  I love easy projects like this for kids.  I would recommend this product and especially use it this time of year.Avery Sticker Paper is always found stocked in my office.  It works like computer paper.  You can print anything you want to stick on the paper and you are good to go.  I have used this to label my kids drawers with both a picture of the item I want in the drawer as well as the word.  I have used the paper for several crafts.  Most recently I made a word muncher (classroom project).  I printed the eyes, mouth, and belly out on the paper and stuck it on to a garbage can to make the can come alive and munch on words.  I have used it at birthday parties to personalize party favor bags with the child's name and an appropriate thematic picture to match.  Another use was  for pin the wand on the Princess game.  I printed wands with each party goers name on the wand and I could easily have the children stick their sticker when it was their turn.  The ideas are endless and the product works like a dream.  You can't go wrong and it is good to have on hand when an idea strikes you!!!I really love these sticker sheets. What makes them great is that you can stick and remove with no problem. Previously, I was using shipping labels to print and place on items like glass and plastic. When you try to remove the printed label from the glass or plastic it was really hard and you would need some windex or alcohol to try and get the residue off. With these you can place them on practically anything and they will stick. If you need to remove them they are really easy to come off with no problem. No residue behind or anything. The last project we did was making custom labels for a wine bottle. Everything was printed and placed on the bottles. At the last minute we had to change to date on the labels. Luckily they were easy to take off. I can imagine the trouble I would have gone with shipping labels. Although the shipping labels are much cheaper and are like stickers, they are more permanent on whatever you place them. These special sticker papers are more thicker and are re positionable.I got these labels with a specific purpose in mind.  I am making hot sauce and beer for Christmas presents this year, and I needed to make custom-sized labels for the bottles.  These work perfectly for my needs.Color, B&W;, Laser, Inkjet... it doesn't matter!  These labels hold the ink very well.  They aren't glossy, so don't expect a perfect outcome if you try printing high-resolution photos on them.  The adhesive is sticky enough to make sure the label stays on, but you could still peel these labels off a glass bottle without tearing it.  I'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing, it just depends on your needs.I also wish the pack contained more than just 15 sheets, because it starts getting pretty expensive if you need to buy 3 or 4 packs.Overall, Avery makes another winning label product!We needed to make stickers for various gifts and to stick to my wife's notebooks so we got this. We really loved how easy was to print them. Very good product.Great white sheets, great glue that holds. I purchased these stickers to make labels that I cut out with a circle punch for tops of my paints and other things. I run them through my printer and then punch them out. The color is great too. I will buy more as needed.Avery Sticker Project Paper SheetsThese sheets fed without problems in my inkjet printers, but the sticker sheets are not glossy and feel "homemade" when you print documents. With a laser printer, the images will look better. The adhesive isn't the strongest, as my stickers had trouble sticking onto curved metallic surfaces - but they are reusable to a certain extent. I'd recommend using something to cover the image, like a transparent laminated sheet to protect it from fluids or wear/tear.Overall: 4/5 stars, the paper media could have been glossy to give a higher quality feel. The adhesive isn't very strong.This is essentially a sheet of label paper. The entire 8.5 by 11" sheet is one giant sticker with the texture of Avery's normal shipping labels. It takes ink extremely well, and my printed projects  looked crisp and sharp.For my first project, I used Word and added photos and text boxes to create a set of six individual labels. I cut them out myself and stuck them on and they looked great on my bottles of homemade liquor.I might prefer it if there were an edge to this paper that made it easier to peel the sticker off the backing, at least around the sides. I found that I scruffled up the corner of my labels a tiny bit when trying to unstick them from the backing, but it did smooth out easily on my project.If you want to make custom gift labels, photo stickers, or decorate kids' binders and things, this would be enormous fun. You could also stick the paper onto those floppy sheets of magnet they sell at office stores to make your own gifts of photo magnets or magnets drawn by kids. I've been wishing to find something like this for years.At first I really liked the idea of having these large, 8.5x11 sheets of sticker/label paper to allow the freedom of creativity to design your own stickers. But my enthusiasm was tempered by the fact that I'd have to cut the stickers out--not too easy to do if creative projects lead to irregular shapes.This is essentially one sheet of label paper without any diecuts to allow easy peel-off from the sheet--easy to imagine for anyone who's ever used any of the great Avery products. Just keep in mind you'll have to do your own cutouts. My wife is an elementary school teacher, and she's using the sheets for customized stickers. It's good for her to use. She says her students wouldn't have the eye-hand coordination to anything other than fairly uniform, rectangular cutouts, and that they would probably leave a lot of wastage.Nevertheless, the product is good as one among a large portfolio of all kinds of Avery choices.Nice sticker paper that prints well. I used this with Borderbund Print Shop and was able to make labels for some Christmas gifts and to use on packages. I love stickers. Comes with ideas for their use. GREAT for kids-- I'm going to have my friend's daughter make some for her birthday treat bags. She can put her friend's names on each and print some out to put inside!Avery Sticker Project Paper, White is one of those things you didnt know you needed until you got it. I've had these for a couple of weeks and have already used them several times. I made a set of color coded stickers for cables and jacks that made movine a home entertainment center much easier. We made some baked gifts this fall and used these for customized labels for the packages, which led to the idea of customized name stickers for Christmas gifts. These are great. My only fear is that I wont be able to keep up with the sticker and printer ink bills.This is just the thing I was looking for!  I needed some paper to create labels for my business and these worked perfectly.  THey printed very nicely on my inkjet printer and did not smear.  I also like the fact that they are removable if I need to adjust them on a package.  I'll be adding these to my faves and buying more.  After being frustrated with other paper and labels I was really happy to finally find a product that works!Based on the picture I thought this would be a package of various cut outs so I could make an assortment of great looking stickers/labels.  Imagine my chagrin when I discovered that all I had were sheets of solid sticker paper.  No cut outs at all.  I wasn't sure what to do.  I read the insert about either using my own software or going to the Avery website.  I went to Avery thinking I'd get some great ideas.  I had to register so I did.  That's as far as I ever got.  I kept getting an error that there was something wrong with the Avery website.  I gave up at that & decided to wing it with my own software.In the end it worked out well.  I used the software that comes with Windows.  Because there is no precut size, I could make these to the exact size I needed!  It took me a while to get it all figured out, but once I got rolling it was smooth sailing from then on!  Overall I am pleased with the results.I gave the product 4 stars because I couldn't get anything from the website when I needed it. I feel the artwork was a little misleading though I will take blame for not paying attention. I had to hand cut out the labels.  Since I am no machine, I cannot get the cut perfect.  I guess that adds to the handmade charm.  Obviously these are not major issues.  I'd give these a 4.5 rating if I could.The odds are pretty darn good that I will buy this again in the future.  Avery came out with some cut outs for labels for all us hand crafting folks.  I was excited until I checked the measurements (I learned my lesson & paid a tad more attention this time) & discovered that they will not work with the current size containers I'm using for my products.  So it looks like hand cutting my own will have to do!Love this sticker paper. Print what you like, adhere and bam, you're done. There are a lot of uses here. Off the top of my head, I'll use this for:Jar labels"Reward" stickers for good schoolworkGift tagsCraft projectsReturn address tagsStorage bin labelsBinder labelsName tagsThe solid sheets give you all the flexibility you need for custom shapes and sizes. Plus, the labels have a removable adhesive, something I consider a plus. Recommended.This stuff is great! We've used it to make tags for gifts, labels for shipping, and more. It's easy to use and doesn't jam the printer. Just design, print, trim to size, and stick!These are perfect for homemade gifts.  The labels run through my printer with ease.  The printing is picture perfect and they stick to every surface I've used so far.  A must have for all project people and those that like to use stickers to organize closets, drawers and offices.These are great if you need a sticker in an unconventional size or shape. You print what you want or need to be a sticker and cut it out into the shape you desire. It is nice that these are repositionable (Just in case you don't get it in the right spot the first time.) I also thought the wall sticker idea another reviewer had was a great use of these.I didn't really have any idea what I was going to use these stickers for when I got them, I just knew that eventually I was going to use them.I paint and exhibit miniature horse sculptures, so gun cases are a must when transporting them. The only problem comes when I have to figure out which horse is in which gun case. Then it hit me! The Avery Stickers! I printed out a half page photo of each horse on the stickers and affixed those stickers to each gun case. They've now been on the gun cases for over a month and not a single one has started to pull away from the plastic. The adherence is wonderful and the color is excellent. They're easy to cut apart using scissors, as the scissors never slide over the stickers like they would if it were a slippery paper. The backing is easy to remove and once they're stuck, they're stuck!I would only have liked to have seen something a little more waterproof that wouldn't run when getting wet. Other than that, these things are great!This is esentially a full page label that you can use for ANYTHING your creativity  can imagine.  Let's say you were making jars of layered cookie or brownie mix for Christmas gift giving.  You could print a fancy label with the instructions and ingredients to go right on the jar and it will be both professional and handmade at the same time.  You could print a bunch "word art" phrases and make your own scrapbooking stickers.  The possibilities are endless.  The only thing is (obviously) you'll have to cut around the edges of your label after you print it and then you may have a small bit of struggle to get it peeled off the backing but a little patience will get you through this.  The labels are repositionable if you don't get it on straight the first time but I expect they will become permenant eventually if left in place.My daughter used these to make stickers for her class.  They were a big hit!  Worked very well in our inkjet printer at home (though Office Depot refuses to run sticker paper through their own copiers).These Avery INK JET 'Make your own' Sticker Project paper is great - 15 sheets at the price is reasonable, but the best part is you can create your own customized photo or word stickers on this paper - then you simply use these in your creative scrapbooking pages, OR you can pick up some Krylon finishing spray at your local arts & crafts store (I like the matte finish, acid free spray, I pick it up at Michaels for about $7).  A quick spray of these outside, a bit of dry time, and then you have wonderful no-smudge stickers that you made at home!  I would definitely recommend these useful, great sticker project paper labels from Avery!Very nice for crafters. The paper is heavy enough to work well on most surfaces, and colors print beautifully on it. You can use your favorite craft punches with it. I only had a problem with 1 of about 30 punches I made, and on that one, the paper punched fine, the slick backing was a little ragged.The adhesion is fairly strong. Stronger than a lot of the repositionable products I've tried. It does reposition just fine, but it's also not going to peel up as easily as some of them can. It will stay where you put it until you want to move it.I sealed my images with a clear gloss acrylic sealer and it didn't make the paper translucent or affect the stickiness.The backing is slit to make it easier to pull off. This didn't have any effect on printing. Since it's slit on the diagonal and well spaced, a lot of my designs fall between slits. I was able to remove the backing easily with my fingernail where it wasn't slit.Very fun product. I used it to make a custom sticker for a Nintendo DS, cut to the shape of the top of it. I'm looking forward to doing more cheap,easily changeable stickers for electronics!I am a big fan of Avery products, having used different products by them for over 15 years in business and home use.  This sticker project paper is GREAT!  You can print virtually anything on them, peel and crack the back, place them wherever and they are TOTALLY re-positionable!  I have made bookplates to cover ex-library book stickers/writings and this sticker paper is nice and thick so that you can cover anything that you want to cover up.Avery also has an awesome and extensive website with all kinds of free software, directions, templates and great ideas to make your crafting ideas come to life.All in all another great product from a very reliable company!Happy Crafting!We love making cards in our family, especially our kids, and these stickers really add to our creativity. We had so much fun taking pictures and then printing them out on this sticker paper and using them on the front of cards, inside cards, and making bookmarks or other fun surprises - we'd stick them on notebooks, or on various objects without someone knowing...it was a great way to make someone smile unexpectedly by seeing a picture from a fun day or silly moment.As others have pointed out, they are great for making labels for personalized gifts. Sometimes when we buy stickers, the ones we find in stores are not quite right - they may have a sports logo but it's either too big or too small, or an animal or image we're looking for isn't just right. These allow us to print whatever we want.Oh - our current printer is a fairly inexpensive all-in-one Brother and the stickers print fine and the paper quality is great. No idea about fading and how long they'll last but I will be using another reviewer's tip and coating my stickers that have family pictures!Very easy to use and can be used for numerous customized projects:  cards, photos, wall clings, etc.  The paper is sturdy enough that you can layer them for effect, embellish, punch and cut designs.  A great product!Unlike some brands where you have to hunt for the perforation to peel the backing off, the diagonal backing makes it easy to do this.I bought this by accident when I thought I was buying HP Original Toner. While it IS very inexpensive, it has its definite drawbacks. The toner seems less dense, so black print is really kind of dark grey print. Everything prints legibly but lighter. If print quality isn't an issue this will work ok. For presentation and anything you need to impress with, get an original HP.These work great. I have been ordering now for over 1 year (around 30) and have had very few problems. They do not print quite as dark the the HP ones that cost 500% more, but for my purposes it is fine. I have had 1 or 2 that were a little sketchy, but they will send another one right out to you if you have a problem.OK - this is follow up. I have been ordering for more than 2 years now, no issues.I have tried TWO HP laserjet compatible toner cartridges for my HP Laserjet 1018 and both were substandard and had to be returned for a refund to different companies.  One froze my printer as soon as I put it in.  The other printed unevenly.  I now will only purchase ORIGINAL HP toner cartridges for my machine.While refilled cartridges seem like a bargain, my side by side comparison showed that the print quality was much poorer. I would dearly like to find a reliable supplier or manufacturer  of refilled or compatible cartridges but I am not aware of any.  We buy the HP original cartridges regularly for our home office. I have never had a problem with the HP originals.  The current Amazon price of $61.99 (previously $62.99)  is cost competitive with New-egg and HP itself.  If you use several of these a year as we do the subscribe and save option for single cartridges is an even better price option (15% savings) even compared to dual packs. The price per printed page works out to something in the range of 2 to 3 cents for the toner.Although portrayed as a "new" cartridge with a picture of an HP toner box on the page, this is REMANUFACTURED toner cartridge.  For the price and with free 5-8 day shipping it appears to be worth the price, but I missed some warning signs and don't want anyone else to miss them.  If I had it to do over again I'd probably order another product, just to be safe.I have never been disappointed with HP Laser Toner, it provides the amount of printed pages and then some from what it says can be printed before having to replace cartridge.i haven't had a problem. i don't look at the print copy under a magnifying glass, but it looks fine to me. Use it for everything including resumees.Updated 11/29/2008: I've been using an HP 1012 laser printer with WinXP Pro for about 4 years.  I'm getting 2,100 to 2,300 sheets per HP Q2612A (12A) cartridge and have been very pleased with the quality, toner, print, and the fact I've had NO issues with the toner, or the printer (other than one little issue that was my fault - read on for more).  I've used about 8 cartridge's or so over this 4 year period.  I only use OEM (real HP branded) 12A's, as I don't want to mess with a good thing.  The fusser (sp?) is built into the cartridge - so if you did get a little spec of something on the fusser, the next time you put a new cartridge in, you are back to clean again -- I know because I made a mistake once and fed a sheet with some wet white-out through the printer, and got a spec on the fusser that showed up on all pages.  My error.  Fortunately, the cartridge was just about empty, and when I put the next one in, it was clean again.I've like this HP solution so much, that I've also helped two other people purchase these or similar HP models.  Both of them also use the Q2612A (12A) Print Cartridge and they have never had a problem either.Yes, these toner cartridges feel a bit expensive, but they all are.  I keep an eye on all the popular and respectable web store, and when a good deal comes along, I buy ahead.  You don't need to be spending seventy dollars on these cartridges!  They can be found for sixty and fifty some times.Never have had a problem with HP cartridges and are well worth the money.Great toner, lasts a LONG time!Lasts me at least two or three semesters of schooling.Will print thousands and thousands of pages before even slight fading.At the end, when the toner begins to fade, just moving the toner side to side (as opposed to shaking it [which causes toner splatter]) will give it life for many more pages until your next toner cartridge comes in.Great savings and no difference from what I usually buy at office depot for much more money.  Definitely worth it for us here at our businessIt's toner from HP, but this cartridge has already lasted for way more sheets than its rating. As far as I can tell, it's cheaper in the long run than recharged cartridges.title says it all. Don't know if I'm going to get 1,000 or 1,500 or even 2,000 pages from this toner replacement but the way I see it, $10 is more than worth it for any of those quantities. I have an HP LaserJet 1012 - no color, duplex or multiple uses other than straight B&W; printing. HP (thru Staples or their own website) wants $80 PLUS tax. It's a simple laserjet for simple printing - if this is what you have, you can't go wrong with this product IMHO.**UPDATE** less than 1 month and 50 pages later, streaks and blank areas on every sheet. Yes, I'm shaking it. PLUS, the original seller is no more as they changed names presumably secondary to all the bad press. I have to go with an OEM product here to get my money's worth, I guess. Too bad - I reviewed this too soon.The cartridges shipped did not fit my printer.  The return time has expired.  Inkers phoned within an hour after I sent them e-mail and promised to send new cartridges, since the wrong ones had shipped.  What a great company!It is much cheaper to buy this specific cartridge from Amazon vs. HP.  But the fact remains, they all (printer manufacturers) sell the printers at cost or even at a loss, then rape you for cartridge replacements.I purchased this Toner in October of 2010.  After all these months, the toner is still working well in my HP LaserJet 1020 printer. It fits properly in the printer, and it prints nice looking pages. I will try to continue to update in the future, but the purchase  of this "compatible" toner has definitely been worth the savings for me! This toner has turned out to be a great buy!I only use the printer a couple times per week, I would estimate no more than 20 pages per week (usually to print coupons). However, I am very happy with this purchase, and at a fraction of the cost of a brand name toner, this has been a great purchase.Not sure what the other bad reviewers are talking about -- I suppose we all have our own experiences.  I own a HP 1020, which uses the 12A cartridges and this worked perfectly for me.  I don't print a lot and each cartridge usually lasts me over 3 years without any noticeable "aging" of the cartridge.  Couldn't ever do that with an inkjet!It's an OEM cartridge for a entry-level black & white printer.  If you use it with that in mind, you won't be disappointed.  I've been very happy with my printer purchase and my purchase of this HP cartridge.  Never have received a bad cartridge from Amazon (or elsewhere).  Can't say enough good things about the savings I've had with this product!Great quality!  No issues with the packaging, no delay in receiving the product.  Works well without any type of printing issues.This is a fine consumer/home office laserjet pinter. Affordable, quiet, compact (including a power cord with no &quot;wall wart&quot;. Easy installation. Only two drawbacks (they are minor, but HP and other manufacturers need to pay attention to this):(1) One of the shoddiest quick start/set-up posters I've seen. A monochrome rebus on cheap paper. If you are not an experienced user of personal computers or printers, you may not understand what you're supposed to do.(2) No users manual. There is a 92 page pdf file, but HP (and others): please ship a manual with the product. Please!If you can get past that...then 5 stars:-)This is a great printer if you 1) don't print large volumes of and 2) you are limited on space.  As an added bonus, original HP toner for this printer is pretty reasonable $62-65.I am a small business owner and I probably print 10-20 pages per day.  This unit is fast and the quality is excellent. It was easy to set up - got to love easy to install drivers and plug and play USB!If you are looking to print a lot, I would look at a higher volume machine.  One pet peeve is that HP, like many other companies, refuse to include a USB cable.This economical little black-and-white printer may be the most reliable laser printer I've ever owned, and I've known a few. Our family networks to this printer from several computers scattered around the house via a wireless hub. This assures that it will print small, casual print runs as well as business items from my home office downstairs.Short story: it never fails.No alignment problems, no eternally processing virtual logjams, no blurring. Just one sharp print run after another. If HP ever alters the recipe, let's hope it's in the direction of some concrete improvement that I cannot at this moment imagine. Because right now, everything works.I've used 4 or 5 inkjets at home over the past 10 years (HP and Canons). Color is great, but smeary ink and the lack of crispness has its downsides for complex text printing (and inkjet ink is expensive when kids like to print a lot). I'll keep a color inkjet hooked up too, but the laserjet will be my default printer. HP has been a name I've come to trust (we use the real big HPs at work, so I thought HP would be a good bet for home). The HP 1012 is very easy to use, very quiet -- quieter than inkjets, and faster too for the same price point.  I really like its size - smaller than my Canon inkjet 6000, and it's not that heavy. The manual feed option is great for printing an envelop without changing paper - and manual back-to-back printing is easy. It comes with toner that should last 2000-3500 sheets (based on the surveys and reports). I've used the HP 1012 for a few days and I'm convinced this is a great buy. HP didn't include a USB cable, but shop a bit online and you can get one .... I got a Tripp Lite Gold 6 footer from Amazon for (much less than you would pay in a store); the 1012 was cheap and shipping on the whole deal was free. I've never had a problem getting things quickly and accurately from Amazon - and this time again, no problems.  Toner for this unit could be a little pricey if you by it in a store . I don't know if I will try refurb toner (I won't try the refills) but when I shopped the various online stores, I found you can get these toner replacements, brand new, and free shipping if you just look for the deals. My HP 1012 is hooked up to a WinXP Pro DELL machine. Installation was no problem (just follow the instructions and use their CD first). I have 3 other PCs on my home network: 2 more WinXP Pro DELLs and a Win98 DELL.  I use basic network printer-sharing so the other PCs in the house are using this laserjet off my network now too.  The satellite WinXP machines added the printer with ease (installed the drivers off my network - no issues).  The Win98 needed the included CD to allow it to get to the needed drivers.  But all is working well!I bought an HP LaserJet 1012 for my 75 yo mother. She's been frustrated with cheap inkjet printers that never work for her (she prints so infrequently the cartridges clog or expire); I wanted something I could setup and forget about. The LJ1012 costs $175 to $200 or so, is utterly quiet and pretty compact, has a flat paper tray, is quite simple, and ought to do the trick for the next 5-10 years. So far, I'm pleased.But it does include spyware - or at least "nagware". The standard installer adds a "reminder" utility on the sly. It pops up every two weeks and recommends buying printer supplies. True, it comes with an uninstaller and one can turn off the reminders without uninstalling, but it is fundamentally marketing software installed without my awareness that provides me no benefit. By some definitions, that's spyware.It is hard for vendors to resist the temptations offered by an authenticated installer. I gave the printer 4 stars instead of five for that little trick. After you install your HP 1012, uninstall the nagware.Other than the nagware, there's not much to complain about. This ought to be an 'install and forget' light duty printer. It is very quiet and includes a bypass tray (not tested). USB only of course, no parallel. I'm testing it on an XP machine, it has OS X support (for when I switch my mother's Win98 box for a Mac mini and a Dell LCD panel). The installer utility appears to support client network access to a shared printer (not tested).There's almost no documentation with it. The documentation is on the CD. This may puzzle some people, it's not immediately obvious how to install the cartridge.This is one of the best values in laser printers today.  It provides excellent quality, superb reliability and unbeatable cost.  I use it heavily and highly recommend it.In spite of this reliable printer's great reputation, it creates steam during the printing process. This is a real deal-killer. No matter how consistent its performance, there is no way I can recommend a printer that steams as it sucks moisture of out printer paper. It turns out this is a common complaint from owners of the LaserJet 1012. Be warned.I bought a HP desktop seven years ago.  The day after the warranty expired, I called in a problem that had been chronic.  HP refused to honor its warranty and instead sent me to India, where people were in training.  Ultimately, they convinced me to reformat the disk even though I was convinced it was a hardware problem.  They didn't advise me to buy a new disk, which I should have done.I had been using the hp backup utility.  It seems to be an overlay on microsoft, but when I tried to restore the files, it failed.  The process to get back what I could was arduous.I complained about this up to the top of their pecking order, who told me to get lost.  I resolved to never ever buy anything from them again.A couple of weeks ago, my hp1020 printer paper catch broke.  I had bought this printer before the computer failed, and it has worked well for more than four years. I went online to see how to replace the cheap chinese plastic paper receiver.  HP customer service sent me in circles.  Ultimately, they don't support their product.My office had to buy one of these for work and when I saw how quickly it printed and how easy it was to use I talked my husband into getting us one for home use.  What was even better is Amazon's price!  At work we paid $198.00 and got free shipping from Office Depot.  Amazon's price of $149.99 plus free shipping made it a better deal at an unbeatable price.  My husband was impressed and he uses it more than I do! :-)  Well worth the money!I've had an HP 5MP Laser since 1995. I've gone through maybe three cartridges and have had absolutely not trouble with the printer itself. It doesn't print 1000 pages a day, but it has handled a big load, including law school.Now that I'm in private practice and just starting on my own, I needed a low cost, but quality desktop printer that will spit out letters, motions, and be able to print individual envelopes when needed. I found that in the 1012, and I think I'm using it for exactly what it was designed for: individual use office printing of up to 300 or so pages a week. While I think it can go higher than that, I would bet if higher use is expected, the user would be better off getting the next step up in HP printers. It goes without saying that for me, HP makes the best monochrome laser printers.I did have some small trouble installing the drivers for this thing on XP. I can't explain what happened, but the only driver that seemed to work was one for the Laserjet 1010. I updated the driver from the HP website, and still, the 1010 was what worked. And for some strange reason, even though I've deleted the 1012 driver on my printers window, it says &quot;deleting&quot; and hasn't gone away. So far that hasn't been a problem, and as long as it stays that way, this minor inconvenience wasn't enough to knock the printer down a star.Though not routine, I have printed 30 page documents with this without any slowdown. If you routinely print 50 page documents, I would strongly recommend one of the higher level HP printers, as this one isn't designed for that kind of horsepower. And unless this is all you can afford, if you have kids that like to print, this isn't the printer for the home family computer. However, it IS the printer for the high school student that has his own computer and prints 100 pages a week.I have printed envelopes and Avery labels through this thing with no problems. The top &quot;tray&quot; (it is really more of a plastic ledge with sliding guides) adjusts for any medium up to the width of standard paper. I don't think this will print legal size though, but if you need that, you will know what printers will work anyway.I recommend this printer to the listed class of people. Don't be afraid to use it for business. Just don't try to make it your 10 person office network printer!PROS:Small footprint;relatively quiet;good quality printouts;uses the HP12A cartridge - this size cartridge is rated for 2000 pages vs HP successor cartridges for personal laser printers (eg, HP35A cartridge) which is rated for 1500 pages;Refurbished toner cartridges are widely available;CONS:No windows 7 drivers;compared to my previous printer (Samsung ML-2510), the 1012 prints a lot slower (especially noticeable with multi-page PDF documents)In conclusion, this is a good little printer for light/occasional use.I needed a cheap printer quick and this one happened to fill the bill.  The toner catridges are readily available, the print quality is all right and set up on xp was pretty much what would be expected from any printer.  It even networked without a fuss.Conclusion:  If you need a cheap printer for not too demanding jobs this is one.HP practically wrote the book on small home office and large business printing and document management and it shows with the Laserjet 1012. I have had some less-than-stellar experiences with other HP printers (inkjet and laser), but have generally been satisfied with them. I have 5 of these sitting around my office and have used the LJ 1012 a lot and have grown quite fond of it.First, it's small, under 15 inches wide, 9 inches thick, and 8 inches tall so it fits on a desk perfectly. It also weighs about 13 lbs, so it's lightweight. This is a laser printer, so it takes toner. The toners last a long time and are pretty inexpensive, less than $30, which is about the same price as a single inkjet cartridge that won't last as long. It's made mostly of high-strength polystyrene and ABS plastic so it's tough and will last a long time. There are 1012's in use today after almost 10 years of constant use and tens of thousands of pages. The printer is connected with a USB only, so there's no network card for connecting to a network. That's not too much of a hassle though if you must print over a network since you can set up printer sharing and use it from another PC on the network. It's super-simple to use. There's no complicated settings to fiddle with, just two buttons to print a status/configuration page, cancel a job, and 3 LED indicator lights for print and printer status (attention, go, and ready). There's a simple on-off switch on the back that's out of the way and maybe a little inconvenient to use.On the hardware side, the LJ1012 has a 133 MHz processor and 8 MB of RAM for caching documents and quick spooling. Although it's not major-caliber hardware, it's good enough for a small office, or for a workstation needing a printer that can't access to a networked printer. HP says that a toner will be good for 2000 pages and 5000 jobs per month. I can concur that, but you may be able to stretch it even further with higher capacity toners. Changing the toner is very easy.The software aspect of the printer helps it out with some very useful features. Setup wasn't too hard, but isn't seamless. Also, You get a power cable, but HP doesn't include a USB cable. Seriously? The cable costs $5 and you can't include one in a $100+ printer?A word on drivers...there is no driver for this printer available from HP for Windows 7. Kind of annoying, but you have to tell Windows to install it from it's list of compatible drivers when you're ready to install it. The software set can be used with a PC or a Mac (some features aren't available on a Mac at the time of the 1012's introduction, but I don't use this with my Mac so I can't comment) includes utilities and customizable features such as pre-formatted watermark (confidential, draft, and others), duplexing (manual) that's helped by images on the print utility showing how load the paper (it prints on brochures and documents). There's a fold-out priority tray for printing single documents or on envelopes or labels. The main tray holds 150 sheets of letter paper. The priority tray handles 10 pages at a time.Performance is good. We use a few of these for printing documents, packing slips/invoices, and shipping labels. I saw 14'ish pages per minute with the first page out in under 10 seconds. Not bad! My Dell 3115 takes about 1 minute to warm up and calibrate before the first page is out from idle. The fuser is "always on" so there's no warmup period like on other laser printers. However, if you're doing volume printing, the speed will slow down quite a bit to prevent it from overheating since there's no fan to keep things cool. That's actually an advantage as the 1012 sips electricity and is really quiet. The printing noise isn't obtrusive, but it's not real quiet either. Print quality is on par with others in the class I've noticed. 600 dpi that can be bumped to 1200 using the configuration utility. I noticed a difference, but it wasn't huge. Tiny font is legible but not super-chrisp unlike regular fonts which look really nice. Graphics also come out really nice, although this isn't a high-res printer and doesn't print high-res graphics.Pros:Compact and lightweightAffordableFast first page outDecent print quality for graphics. Excellent for text.QuietLow power consumptionEasy to useIncluded software makes the printer very versatile with useful featuresCons:Low duty cycle of 5000 jobs/monthNo Windows 7 driverToner could last longerPaper tray only holds 150 pagesSome Windows software utilities aren't available on Mac'sNo USB cable in the boxNo cooling fan so print output drops during large jobsOverall a very nice office or even home machine. Compact with good performance, the 1012 might be discontinued, but is still an excellent laser for the money. We love it.I previously gave this printer 5 stars.  However, beware.  If you print, say, 50 pages in a row, the printer slows from its rated throughput to only ca. 4 pages per minute.  HP tech support confirms this, and indicates that a cheap printer 'without a fan' overheats, and compensates by stopping the continuous printing...it could not be expected to do any better.  Then why is it rated at 15 ppm?What nonsense.  The printer is misrepresented.  If you only print a couple of pages at a time, then this is fine.  But if you print out program code or book or article manuscripts, this is a BIG problem.I read the reviews and did my research. I am very happy with the print quality, using any brand inkjet photo paper. I am a little confused as to why anyone would expect a cable to be included, never seen that one before. Anyone I show the prints to, from this machine, are amazed that they were not done at the local photo shop. I have recommended this printer to others, and have received many thanks for their experiences with this unit as well.I bought this printer and a Canon camera as a package deal. (Canon was supposed to give me a $50 rebate, but that never happened... oh well). I am a serious amateur photographer and know a quality print when I see one. This is a wonderful printer and gives consistently wonderful results. However, you need to know some things about calibrating your monitor and using the Canon printer drivers to achieve decent results. If you have a monitor calibrator (ColorSync calibration on Macs is sufficient), then use the proper printer settings when you print, and good quality paper (Canon or Konica), you should get lab quality results. This printer is very quiet and paper jamming is minimal. The 4x6 paper holder is nice, but a bit clunky. The ink cartridges are nice. If you think they are pricey and want to get your fingers dirty, then try refilling them. It is relatively easy to do with the proper kit (I use one available from Sam's Club). Howeverk, for my serious work, I always use the Canon inks. I think Canon has the best digital cameras and printers on the market. Epson printers are OK, but my last one got plugged up and I couldn't fix it. Plus it was noisy, and the ink carts had chips in them that complicated the refilling process. This Canon printer is well-made and designed. The software from Canon is awkward to use. On a Mac, stick with iPhoto and Photoshop (Elements). You can do everything and more than the Canon software provides.Quiet Mode - Doesn't just reduce noise. Will also slow the printer's operation a bit. Why would you want to do this, you may ask? I ran in draft mode and the printer was so fast it sucked the paper from the paper tray at an impressive speed ... so fast that it can feed the paper slightly askew and almost throw it across the room on eject. In "standard mode" plain paper printing can be so fast the ink hasn't completely dried. So ... it can sometimes be a good thing to slow this creature down a bit and Quiet Mode is the way to do it. I run that way all the time and life is good.Ink Cartridges have no "stale date" - Don't make yourself crazy trying to read the dotted characters at the package bottom to read a date into it. They're lot numbers, not encoded dates. Unlike all HP cartridges and most Epson cartridges, Canon just doesn't date its ink. It "seems" that ink cartridges without self contained print heads have very long shelf lives since there are no internal jets to clog as the sealed cartridge ages. I will believe the Canon rep on this one since it makes sense, although I'm always more comfortable knowing the age of the ink. Like many of you I want a reserve of ink "at the ready" so I just buy from a retailer that always has a fresh supply like Best Buy, Staples, OfficeMax and probably Amazon.The Nozzle Game - Don't let the salesman sell you a more expensive Canon (I860, I960) because it "has more nozzles". More nozzles doesn't mean anything in terms of printer resolution or precision. Each cartridge has a certain number of nozzles, no matter what printer it's used on. I believe Black has 320 and color 512 except yellow which has 256. The I560 holds 4 cartridges and if you do the math has 320+512+512+256=1600 nozzles. The I860 has an extra 256 nozzles but that's only because is can hold a 5th cartridge (black with 256 nozzles). Ditto with I960 which holds 6 cartridges at 512 nozzles each for a whopping 3000+ nozzles. So, consider the advantages of having more cartridges and the essence of these cartridges but don't be led to think that high nozzle counts means it prints better.Warrantees and Print Heads - Just be aware that unlike HP printers the Canon I-Series has one installable print head which will likely determine the useful life of the printer. Since the cartridges do not have print heads they are less expensive, but they do not contribute to the useful life of the printer. I do know that the apparently simple and little print head is claimed by Canon to have a lot of electronics in it and is the most expensive component of the printer. So ... when it goes, the printer goes (costs around $70-$80). Canon expects their print heads to last 1-3 years, maybe more, and their $50 extended warranty covers it. I was tempted to buy the $30 extended warranty from Best Buy but was told the print head is a "consumable" and won't be replaced. So ... Buyer Beware on warrantees and expect to surrender your beloved Canon when the print head goes.Enjoy your Canon and treat yourself to a new one every couple years or so. I'm very happy with my I560 and Canon support for this and my LiDE50 Scanner has been solid. (I pay for the phone call and in return they offer me courtesy, knowledge and they even speak English.)-- SamI have had this printer for about 15 months now, and I print only on Canon paper. The colors are always either too yellow or too magenta (even b&w; images have a color cast!), and Canon's own reps could not figure out why or help resolve the problem. I printed on regular computer paper, and the colors were fine. It also doesn't print with the densities shown on my original files. My images look exactly right on my computer and print beautifully when I send them to a lab, and I'm an advanced amateur photographer. In other words, I know well enough what I'm doing, so it's not operator error but a printer problem (which Canon agrees on). My mother, who is an artist, had recommended this printer to me, but she began to see a color cast as well and replaced it with an HP printer that's dead on.When I originally bought this printer, everyone's reviews said to only use Canon paper to get the best quality, but I'd have to disagree. I'm not sure whether to waste money on buying a different brand of paper and trying that, or just buy a different printer, but this one gets a thumbs down from me. What a waste of $200.I loved my Canon i960's Printers but its to bad they all three are clogged up by using the other brand inks, I wish I would have stay with the brank canon provides for itThis is by far and away, the best printer I have ever owned.  There are so many positives about this beauty that it is almost impossible to know where to start and stop.  But I will try.The Good:  Speed, speed and more speed.  This printer kicks out black and white pages like it was laser printer.  I just finished printing my 22 page tax return for 2003 and this printer had it complete in under 2 minutes.  The quality (on normal setting) is virtually indistinguishable from a laser jet printer.  This printer is also remarkably quiet; almost to the point of being silent. Even the movement of the print head is virtually silent.  As far as the photo printing capabilities of this printer go, there are no equals for the price range.  The photos are truly indistinguishable from a commercial lab.  If you think I'm joking, check out all of the other reviews here.  The color management on the photo side is great, and photos actually come out looking like what you see on the screen.  Imagine my amazement when I saw a commercial grade photo come out of the printer in under 45 seconds.  Thats right, 45 seconds.The Bad:  Overall, the size of the unit is a little larger than I am used to/expected.  There seems to be a lot of wasted space on either side of the printer.  But hey, I can live with that for the quality of the printing.The Ugly:  The software package that comes with the printer is not really that impressive.  I have other commercial programs that basically will do the same thing.  In particular, one program, called Easy WebPrint installs itself into Internet Explorer and adds a toolbar to the application.  Yes, I could have chosen not to install it, but geez, I was too excited about getting the printer up and running to worry much about that.Overall, there is simply no reason not to purchase this printer.  I would buy it over and over again if I had to.  Just look at the reviews on here, there is a reason it is one of the few products with a perfect 5 star rating.This has to be the best printer I have had. The quality is dark room quality. I can't believe how good this printer is.Highly reccommend, can't go wrong.I'll be fair.  This printer printed out some of the best photos of my life--pictures when I first was dating my boyfriend, family photos, when my boyfriend proposed to me, our first big trip together, and yes, even my cute little doggie.  But the honeymoon is over.  The printer broke down after a year and a half of use.  The cause?  You got me.  I would've thought it would have lasted at least 2 years--but nope.  Even my old HP is still running.  The upside...I upgraded to the IP6000D.  :)Get this printer if you're in the market for a printer that will handle text documents efficiently as well as print top quality photographs,(...).I printed out a borderless photo on the supplied sample of 4 x 6 paper and the quality is unbelievable. Just simply stunning.And even web pages and text documents on plain paper at the "standard" setting look good enough to eat.I bought this to replace a two year old Epson C80 whose black ink nozzle had become irreparably clogged. The eventual clogging of these Epson inkjets is a widely reported problem. Whether using generic inks (I used Carrot Ink cartridges) contributes to this or not, I don't know, but it's moot anyway, since Epson ink cartridges were so outrageously expensive, I couldn't have used the printer without using cheaper generic inks.The Canon is one of the most satisfying hardware purchases I've made.Other advantages:It handles text quickly and beautifully.It has a 5 cartridge ink system with separate blacks for text and photo and the Canon cartridges are affordable.It's unbelievably quiet, especially in--yes--"quiet mode" (which does reduce printing speed a little (not noticeably to me).The photo paper tray for 4 x 6 sheets works great.The print head can be replaced.Additional advantages if you're a Mac user:It will work wirelessly with an Airport Extreme Base Station and it works beautifully with OS 10.3 (Panther).Disadvantages:Yes, there is no USB cable. I guess I can understand this, since most inkjet printers can't be repaired, and have to be disposed of, so I guess Canon figures you'll have a USB cable sitting around.Yes, you have to install the print head, and I was a little fearful snapping it in but I had no problems.And yes, you have to align the print head, but you can do an automatic alignment using the printer utility software.For Mac users, at least, don't waste time installing the printer driver from the CD, as it is out of date. Download the latest driver from the Canon website. And be sure to repair permissions after installing the driver, as many of them were out of whack after the driver installation.All in all, this is one of the most satisfying hardware purchases I've made.When compared to other printers, the 860 fares very well in some respects. It produces photo prints that are closest to those that you would get from store processing. It also does quite a good job with text. It merits its "best buy" status.But is any printer really a "best buy" for photo printing when compared to photo processing? To get store-quality prints with the 860 you need Canon's best paper. And when you use that paper the prints cost far more than store processed prints, but you get nothing more for your expense than immediacy. So, if you need an instant print perhaps it is worth the extra, but the additional cost of printing from the 860 versus taking your memory card to the local store could be immense if you take a lot of photos.In a couple of important respects the 860 prints you get even with Canon Photo Paper Pro are inferior to processed pics. If you bend the Pro paper you will not just get a crease in the paper, you will also get a pronounced line in the photo itself, and it doesn't take much of a bend to cause this. It is also very easy to scratch the surface of the prints. So, they are much more easily damaged than conventional photos. Also, the independent company that does the testing for print longevity has found that the Canon prints will only last about 25 years, while those of HP and Epson will last more than 75 years. Many people want pictures they can save for their grandchildren (or "posterity"), and the Canon prints apparently won't meet that desire.Canon supples software that you need to utilize all print features. This consumes more time and reduces efficiency. (At least on a Mac.) Even using the printer tray, the pictures are not properly centered if you choose to have borders. There is more white space on some sides than others, so I consider that option useless.Most people rate this printer compared to other printers. I prefer to compare it to other real-world options. In that respect it only does so-so. I prefer not to pay considerably more for prints that are no better than I can get by waiting for 60 minutes at a store, or sending them via the internet and picking them up at my leisure.I admit, I have been out of the printer loop for some time. I had the HP Deskjet 990 CSE which is a great text printer but crappy on photos. I have a good digital camera, but did my printing using labs (ofoto, etc) as I didn't have the patience to fiddle with the HP printer settings, paper types (compatibility, quality, etc), and never could get a good print when I did try.A friend mentioned that I might look into a new printer to handle photos as well as the text demands. I was impressed by the Canon i860 and I was quite impressed by reviews. I don't just need a photo printer, but do a lot of simple text printing as well. I knew there were good photo printers, but typically the text output on these was slow and not very good quality... These reviews pointed out that this printer does both tasks well (note the i960 is slow with text but a great photo only printer)I now own the i860 and cannot tell you how amazing this printer is. Fairly priced, separate ink cartridges (two blacks, 3 color), very FAST for both text and photos (much faster text than my 990cse), and outstanding quality. The text looks great on cheap paper and the photos are lab quality (to my untrained eye at least). I have printed photos on plain paper, and 4x6 glossy (canon paper), and also printed an 8.5 x 11 format (Kodak premium glossy). All looked great, of course far better when on photo paper. Good color and well they just look great. A cool feature is the separate 4x6 paper tray and the extra pigment-based black ink for sharp text, this differentiates it from the cheaper i560, which is apparently also a great buy from what I have read. I might have purchased the i560 if I was paying for the printer myself. Because I wasn't, I went for the convenience of the paper tray and extra black ink.The i860 is a great buy. If you are looking for an all purpose photo/text printer this is it! I have only had it for a day, but had to write this review to highly recommend it.Even though the 5510 is being replaced by the 5610, it is still a much better value.  The newer model uses the same black ink cartridge (HP 56) as the 5510 but it uses a much smaller color ink cartridge.  In fact the newer cartridge is only 5ml whereas the cartridge for the 5510 is 17 ml!!  This alone will mean that the newer printer will cost 3x more to print a color page.  Not to say that I print a lot of color copies or pictures but just the fact that it costs so much will prevent you from even considering printing pictures or greeting cards.**** Positive points for the HP OfficeJet 5510 include: ****- A very nice document feeder that supports upto 20 pages- A flatbed scanner that allows you to make copies from books or bound material- Excellent text and graphics printout and excellent copy features- Easy to use and configure with its display screen- The printer is relatively quiet for an all in one machine.  I don't understand why some user's complain that it is loud when it is actually reasonably quiet compared to a lot of other machines.**** Negative points for this printer include: ****- Installation process is not as simple as it should be.  If you fail to follow the directions EXACTLY then you may have to uninstall and start over from the beginning!- The software is nice and easy to use but it takes up too much space on your hard drive- The scanner's resolution is not as good as the newer model.  For most users it won't be a problem but if you plan to scan a lot of pictures and expect accurate colors without corrections then the newer model may be the wiser choice for you.  Personally I have scanned a few pictures and they turned out pretty good after using corrections built into the software.- The lid for the flatbed scanner does not hinge fully (like the HP PSC 2110) so it will be difficult to scan items such as large books.- The controls are not as straightforward and thorough as some of the other HP models (like the PSC 2110).  Although this model is still easy to use a lot of the essential controls are buried in menus.  Some of the other HP models have dedicated buttons for the most common features like copy quality.- I had to return a brand new unit due to a defective document feeder.  The new unit works perfectly but it is not reassuring to have a problem with a similar new unit.  An optional warranty might be a wise choice with this printer (although HP's 1 year warranty is pretty generous)Overall, despite being replaced by the newer 5610 this is still a very good purchase that will actually have lower operating costs than the newer model.I really liked this printer while it worked, and the document feeder was really handy. I would never use anything but a flatbed scanner because it is so versatile. I bought the HP back in April 2004, and I was shocked to see that I replaced with with a Canon PIXMA iP3000 in October 2004. I still have the Canon and it is still working! The HP just stopped printing and for the price vs. the cost of fixing it, it made no sense to fix it at the time. I'll stick to Canon.This printer was fine until I changed cartridges and a contact was dirty.  Now it won't quit printing alignment pages all the time.  I have about a million now, and its cost me a fortune in ink.  Every 3 or 4 print jobs and I get another one.I've spent hours with technical support, who keep leading me through the same old song and dance, disconnect the usb cable, hit some buttons, print another page I don't need, and scan.  Voila it works!  Case finished.NO IT IS NOT.The tech support people don't speak English and it shows in their grammar and inability to understand that my problem seems to be a variant on what they have in their knowlege base.HP would do better to hire native English speakers.  I'll never buy another HP printer.Oh, they print fine, that is, if you want a million alignment pages.All things being equal, I would have to call the HP OfficeJet 5510 one of the best all-around printers / copiers / scanners around. I have reviewed enough all-in-one units now to appreciate a great model when I get to play with one, and after a month of testing, I can honestly say that the OfficeJet 5510 has really impressed me.Printing is probably the main reason anyone would purchase this unit. The print quality is simply fantastic. Printing text-only pages is very, very fast, much quicker than I was expecting from an ink-jet printer. So quick, in fact, that my nine-year old daughter even commented on it just this morning. I used the OfficeJet 5510 to print out a letter to her school. She asked which printer it would come out, and I pointed to the HP. It was done printing just a few seconds later. Her reaction? "Wow, that was a lot faster than the silver and black printer." The silver and black printer being the Lexmark 5150 I reviewed back in June 2003.Fast is not always good if the print quality is not up to par. The OfficeJet 5510 has nothing to fear. Using standard high-gloss photo paper and printing a photo from iPhoto, I was simply amazed at the print quality. I have printed many full-page color photos over the last few years, and I can honestly say that the OfficeJet 5510's print quality is one of the best for an ink-jet printer. While no speed demon printing a full-page color print, the print time was respectable.Paper is loaded from the bottom front of the unit, so it is much easier to see how much paper you have left at a quick glance. Not so with a rear, upwards facing paper tray such as those found on most Lexmark, Epson, and other printers. I much prefer a lower-front loading tray to the other types. My only grip here is that there is no protective cover for the paper tray, meaning that if you don't print something every few days, dust will accumulate, and be run through your printer when you do.Be aware that the OfficeJet 5510 is not a post-script printer; so graphic professionals will want to look elsewhere. There is also no built-in print sharing with the OfficeJet 5510, nor is it compatible with Rendezvous, but you can share it via USB Print Sharing built-in to OS X.Speaking of OS X, if you are not using Mac OS X or Mac OS 9.1, and are still a happy OS 9.0 or earlier user, you are out of luck. Like many programs and hardware coming out as of late, the OfficeJet 5510 is not compatible with pre-OS X operating systems. Nor is it compatible with Windows 95, NT, 3.1, or DOS, either.)Scanning is done via the HP Director software, which you can only get from the included CD-ROM. To deviate from the standard review process for a moment, I would like to point out that HP, while having great products for the most part, has a woefully inadequate support website. The above mentioned HP Director software cannot be downloaded via their website. When Mac OS X 10.3 was released, I had some initial problems printing to the OfficeJet 5510. The problem was unrelated to the HP software, but in my search for a cure I did learn of the poor quality of HP's support pages. What happens if I loose or scratch my HP CD-ROM? I have to order another one. And as of today's date, there is still no software update for the software on HP's website. The same software, HP Director, also controls their digital cameras with their HP Director (Camera). There is also no update for that program online, even though I cannot get it to work under 10.3 correctly. For a company the size and with the reputation they have, I expect better from HP.Getting back to the OfficeJet 5510 and scanning, I have found that the scanning works great. While I don't especially like the scanning software the OfficeJet 5510 ships with, it does work well. You can access the software directly through Adobe Photoshop as well, via the Import-HP All-in-one Scan in the File menu. You can scan photos or documents from 150x150 DPI up to 19200x19200 DPI. The flatbed scanner performs about the same as most other scanners (and copiers) in this price-range, and there is nothing here. It work fine, has an auto-crop feature, etc...The true strength of scanning, however, if the 20-page top-load automatic document feeder on top of the OfficeJet 5510. You can set the printer to scan multiple documents (not pictures) up to 20 pages, which is a great feature, one many small or home business users will appreciate.Usually, when reviewing a multi-function printer / scanner / fax machine, the fax aspect is the least impressive. Using built-in fax software, you have to have your computer turned on to control, send, or receive a fax. Not so with the OfficeJet 5510! HP, realizing how nice it would be to be able to send and receive faxes, has taken the need to have a computer out of the equation. Simply plug the OfficeJet 5510 into your phone jack, and you can control all the fax features from the built-in LCD display. This is a great feature, one I overlooked when my testing first started. I now feel that this is one of the best selling points to the unit, and one I did not realized I missed so much from other units.Specification:Print quality 1200 x 1200 dpiConnectivity: USBPrint speed, black: Up to 17 ppmPrint speed, color: Up to 12 ppmCompatible operating systems: Microsoft Windows 98, 98 SE, 2000, Me, XP; Macintosh OS 9.1, OS XScanner type: FlatbedAutomatic document feeder 20 sheetsMedia sizes: Letter, legal, executive, cards, 3 x 5 to 8.5 x 14 in (using ADF)Color fax: yesFax transmission speed: 3 sec per pageFax memory: 90 pagesFax autoredial: YesFax PC interface: Yes (sending onlyFax auto-reduction: YesFax delayed sending: YesCopy speed, black: Up to 17 cpmCopy speed, color: Up to 12 cpmCopy settings: Stand-alone copying: fit-to page (from glass only), 100%, reduce/enlargeMaximum number of copies: Up to 99 copiesBit depth: 36 bitLevels of grayscale: 256Software included: HP Photo and Imaging Gallery: HP Director, HP Photo Gallery, HP Image Editor, HP Instant Share, HP Photo Prints, HP Creative Projects, HP Quick 4 x 6 prints, HP Memories Disc DVD Creator, ReadIris OCR, HP Send to ProgramsDimensions (w x d x h) 18 x 11.3 x 9.25 in (18 x 17.8 x 9.25 with tray fully extended)Weight: 11.8 lbWarranty: One-year limited hardware warranty backed by HP Customer Care, service and support; one-year technical phone support, plus a toll-free number in North America onlyThis is a great printer for both the new and veteran computer user wanting an all-in-one printing solution. Fantastic execution in functionality and usability. Small, compact design in an attractive package.Well worth the money and investment.MyMac Rating: 5 out of 5After reading the many reviews on this site I decided to try the HP 5510. I have a toshiba satellite running windows XP.Installation of the mammoth software was a breeze and with a 60 gig hard drive I really don't mind the 1 gig it takes up.Within 10 minutes I was printing and copying things with no problem.My only complaint is that my printer's usb hub was a little tight and the USB cable had to be pried out of there. The metal that surrounds the port was not crimped tightly to the frame of the port and I had to take a butter knife and push it back into place after the cable had been removed. I believe that this has happened on a few of my father's cannon printers and has not affected the performance of the machine.Also the software is rather large and people with a limited space on their harddrive should beware - HP software is required to use the scanner - I thought I would try to remove some of the software but it seems that it all has to be installed to use all the machine's capabilities - no big deal.The printing is very fast and sharp. I printed a few photos and they also turned out very nice though I recommend getting Kodak professional paper instead of the HP paper included if you want really nice sears quality prints.Overall I am very happy with this printer and I recommend checking in at the HP site if you currently own this printer and are having problems. They have links to solutions to many of the problems presented on this site.PS Amazon sells the printer cartridges and I believe that another review stated they were 50 some dollars but I just put some in my cart and they are showing up 19.99 for the color....Update - March 12, 2009 - Still happy with this printer! We use it daily to print, about weekly to copy, and on occasion to fax. I have had no problems with it, and have used it with 3 different computers.I've used these things for about 25 years now, if that's not a testatment to the product, I'm not sure what is!  They last forever, really, and they don't bleed through your paper.  Great for college students, and students of all ages.  Can't recommend them enough - highly, highly recommend!Avery HI-LITER Highlighters is quality made highlighter with true colors that last.I start using them some time ago mainly due to its price because I use a lot of highlighting while going through the documents.The 4 colors (pink, green, orange and yellow) look like they should, they slide easily on paper and release its ink evenly.What is also great is that they don't bleed through the paper, like some cheaper ones I tried and when I use them for a month (every day) still the writing quality is equal.Taking into account their price that is much lower than its competitors I could fully recommend you to try these highlighters.I'm a third-year law student, which pretty much means I'm an expert on highlighters.  These ones last forever before drying out and are the cheapest around.  But I don't like how dark the orange and pink ink is and I also don't like how thick the highlighting is when you use the flat edge of the tip as apposed to the very fine edge.  Overall, these are a good value, but I prefer the Sharpie brand.It works! Not sure how to review a highlighter. They work well as intended and don't bleed onto everything else. What more could you ask for?Technical Details sayBrand Name AveryItem Weight 2.6 ouncesProduct Dimensions 7 x 4.8 x 0.8 inchesItem model number 24063Color AssortedNumber of Items 1Size Pack of 4Ink Color Fluorescent Yellow, Fluorescent Green, Fluorescent Pink and Fluorescent OrangeManufacturer Part Number 24063however the packaging does not say fluorescent anywhere, they are just normal highlightersI have an old original one that is out of ink and that one clearly says fluorescent and dennison on top of the word hi-literthis one says made in mexico, the original says made in the USAslight difference in shade of color in the plastic as wellthe two are identical in shape and sizeIt's hard to be profound about highlighters. I hardly know what to say, except they arrived on schedule, are performing as expected, and I will reordering them when the need arises.these hi liters are great organizational tools.  of course, i've used yellow hi liters since the color yellow was first invented.  my eyes might be getting hard of seeing, because i find it difficult to read black font under the dark green hi lites.  when i'm preparing an article, i separate out critical points by where i want to put them in my text, logically.  thus, colored hi liters are the bee's knees.  they don't smell as strong and offensively as they used to.  they last a good long time, never enough.  i keep at least one back-up spare pack.  i originally bought these for my kids last year.  they use them still for art - beautiful art!  i give this an A+... it is highly reliable, excellent quality!Not too thick, the highlighter is very good for its purpose. My daughter uses for her school work, multiple colors and does its job. No complaints!I'VE USED THIS TAPE BEFORE AND STILL FIND IT TO BE GREAT.  IT STICKS VERY NICELY TO ALMOST ANYTHING AND DISAPPEARS WHEN FIRMLY PRESSED INTO PLACE.  I HAVEN'T NEEDED TO WRITE ON IT BUT IT CAN BE EASILY DONE.  THE FACT THAT THE PLASTIC CASING EASILY OPENS TO ALLOW  INSERTING A REPLACEMENT ROLL OF TAPE IS VERY EFFICIENT AND EARTH FRIENDLY.  I ACTUALLY TRIED REPLACING A ROLE AND HAD NO PROBLEMS DOING SO. I GIVE KUDOS TO WHOEVER DECIDED ON MAKING THE DISPENSER REFILLABLE.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS TAPE TO EVERYONE.This is the very highest quality tape you can buy.After you put it on, just apply pressure with your finger and it seems to turn invisible!Each roll comes with a 18 yard roll and it is refillable. What more can be said?Thank you.Scotch tape is pretty much a standard in my house for a zillion uses. I use it quite extensively for mocking up displays and patching together drawings, etc.The tape is transparent and disappears when placed on just about anything but black.  Holds pretty well too.The dispenser is nicely ergonomic and works like a charm. However,  it's tragic they have not figured out how to make it more environmentally friendly so that you can buy refills and just keep the dispenser going.  C'mon, 3M, get your act together and join the rest of manufacturers who have figured out that consumers are actually thinking about these things now instead of plodding along like cattle buying whatever is shoved at them.The price is OK, but I could easily find a better price online than 2.33 a roll....  (Walmart for instance has it at about 2.03 a roll..) When you are buying a product as ubiquitous as Scotch Tape, price is everything. We're already sold on the product - and it's a great product.Scotch Magic Tape is he best tape I used so far. I used cheap tapes and they just twist and crumpleMagic tape is virtually invisible when applied. It is able to be sliced with a fingernail when you need to adjust the length of the tape.There is a refill pack (below) which is cheaper. I bought both of them.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00006IF67/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B00006IF67&linkCode;=as2&tag;=travguid0ca-20You probably know all about this tape --after all, it is the tape standard; it's the one you've probably used your whole life, and one that you purchase without thinking.  So, I'm not going to tell you so much about that, but how it is packaged.What I like:Buying in bulk.  I'm not gonna lie -I misplace individual servings of EVERYTHING.  It's nice to be able to buy in bulk and put tape in different places around the house.The tape case.  Unlike their cheaper brothers, this tape has the solid-fully-enclosed-tape holder, and not the thinner, cheaper tape holder (which only covers one side of the tape) which tends to bend or break when you are tearing at the wrong angle.  It also has two one inch wide really short "legs" which are slightly raised along the bottom of the tape stand which (when stood on its thin end, vertically) allow the tape to stand up very solidly with little danger of falling over.The tape.  It's very easy to tear, and you can do so with your fingers.  Although it goes on relatively clear, it is NOT really the "Magic" tape that it claims to be -it shouldn't be used for wrapping presents where you really want the tape to disappear completely.  If you want that you should buy the "Scotch Giftwrap Tape" which goes on perfectly clear, doesn't tear as easily, will not peel off at all, and is more expensive.  (THAT tape is what I use when I am giving gifts to those who are not family members! Unfortunately though, the "gift wrapping tape is more limited in its uses, as it is so sticky it will ruin whatever wrapping paper you try to peel the tape off of.  The "magic" tape, however, is less sticky and in some cases can be removed easily -even from wrapping paper- hence its overall verasatility and suitability for everyday use.)What I didn't like:Well, I thought that there wasn't enough tape on the rolls.  While Scotch isn't doing you a disservice by shortchanging you, I would have preferred to buy a pack of THREE tape dispensers with twice as much tape in each one.  I don't really need six of them.  I'd rather have three that last twice as long (as these cases are so solid you could probably step on one briefly without it breaking).  And, I don't want to be throwing away plastic that I don't have to.  (You can refill these cases, but I would never need to refill six of them.)Overall, this is a good deal.  It is packaged really well with little wasted plastic wrapping, and you'll always have enough tape around when you need it.  Recommended.This tape is excellent, it is invisible after application. You can feel it but barely see it. LOVE IT!I also love the option of refilling the dispenser! My only gripe, if there is one, is that the packaging needs improvement. I would rather have ONE refillable dispenser with tape included in it with FIVE rolls of refill tape. It makes little sense to me why I would get a pack of SIX rolls of tape IN SIX refillable dispensers. I'd rather have SIX rolls of tape and ONE dispenser.That is the whole idea of a refillable dispenser...to REFILL it.I don't really have much to say -- I think Scotch tape has a pretty well-established reputation.Put simply, it's the standard for office / home-office tape. This little portable dispensers are convenient for use at & away from the desk. I use this tape for all sorts of stuff -- from office tasks to wrapping presents to little home projects.This is your general-purpose office tape. I use this stuff daily and have no complaints.Works perfect for what it is designed for.  Always loved Scotch Magic Tape and this is no exception.  I will purchase again.What can I say about this tape other than it works really well? Scotch brand is a pretty reliable company. My family has been using their tape brand for years and we haven't had any problems yet. This package comes with 6 tape dispensers, each one of them is refillable, which is quite nice. The dispensers are quite sturdy and I don't think that they'll break easy. The tape itself is their "magic tape", which is the invisible kind. Obviously it's not going to disappear totally but it's less noticable than other kinds of tape. And if you need to, you can write on the tape (with markers, pens, and even pencils) and it won't smudge.I'd definitely recommend this for any of your taping needs.This tape is hi quality, invisible after application, easy to used, it will not tear before use or get messy,  never have lost ends and it will stay in the place you used it.  A plus is the refillable dispenser.There isn't much to say about the tape itself; it is high quality and works well, as anyone would expect of this well-known brand.The refillable dispensers are of much higher quality than is found in the disposable pack. These dispensers are rigid, supported on both sides, and work very well. There is a good amount of tape with each one, as well.Highly recommended.High Rating.Great product for people in need of Scotch Tape and it's not always available in bundle packaging.I recommend it highly.Good stock up for the large tape user! A 6 pack of tape; hmmm ... have hear of a 6 pack of beer but not tape. Anyhoo, works fine and has the reliable Scotch technical specifications we (the consumer) demands.So, always keep a 6 pack in the pantry for those special occasions that can sneak up on us all.My pal Jonas Ingraham notified myself that indeed the dispenser included with the tape is of a new fangled design - whereas the old fashioned (20th Century design)models had tabs you'd press together an "pop" off the old roll of tape. The new dispensers have a solid bi-lateral design which slide apart and push easily together. Those suffering from such debilitating health conditions such as arthritis could find this MUCH easier when changing rolls.Over the years I've used many different types of Scotch tape, and Magic tape has got to be my favorite hands down.  I like this tape because the matte finish disappears when you place it on wrapping paper with a matte finish. (It will show up on the shiny types.)  This tape tears off easily, unlike the other varieties of Scotch tape that have a shiny finish.  I typically find that this tape can also be repositioned (depending on the surface you apply it to) within a few seconds if you don't get the placement just right on the first try.  I also like that you can write on this tape.  Not all tape have a surface that is conducive to being written upon, but this one does and that's a bonus as far as I'm concerned.  This tape certainly gets my recommendation.Been using Scotch-brand tape since I was a kid. It has always worked great. The green-label "matte finish" tape seems to be a little better quality than the red-label regular Scotch tape. The matte finish makes the tape almost invisible when applied. It doesn't discolor with age as quickly as the regular tape.Scotch Magic tape is a great product.It tears easily from the provided dispenser and holds well to whatever you stick it to.Very easy to remove without splitting apart.This works wonderfully for most paper projects and for closing plastic bags.Not the best choice for most gift wrapping as the matte finish actually shows on glossy paper, or rather you see a dull spot where the tape is.A great product that is always consistently, dependable, and the price from Amazon beats our local stores by nearly 2 bucks per roll!Scotch tape is reliable.  It does the job every time, and we don't experience trouble with lost ends on the roll.  My creative kids love to use tape in their projects and it gets used at my house for far more than securing wrapping paper together on packages. Cheaper brands are often less sticky and don't hold as well.Not much to say about this product because it is exactly what you want from a quality tape.The matte finish is frosted enough to be matte without being so frosted as to delete visibility through the tape altogether. For a plastic dispenser the ability to reload is nice, but the 6 pack bulk rate makes this a great office buy.  Meets the high quality I expect from Scotch.Scotch Magic Office Tape and Refillable Dispenser continues to be among the best tapes.  It's strong, cuts easily, and provides good hold.  Depending on the job, I prefer different variations of Scotch Tape, especially where invisibility is concerned.  However, Magic Tape is great for all general purpose tasks.  The refillable dispenser is a nice touch and cuts down on waste (except for the fact that you now have six of them), but is nothing new.  It would be hard not to recommend Scotch Magic Tape.This tape does just what it's supposed to.And with this pack you get much more for your money!You just can't beat Scotch brand tape and this is no exception.  The price is good, the product is good and now it's in a refillable dispenser.  It can't get much better than that!Scotch tape is just all around great tape - this 6 pack of Scotch Magic Office Tape (which just happen to come in refillable dispensers, my favorite!) comes with 6 good-sized rolls - these are perfect to distribute some Scotch tape all around your house - your office, kitchen drawer, bathroom, garage & downstairs...this clear tape is perfect for many uses: a great brand everyone knows & loves, and in the case of Scotch Magic tape, always keep some on hand - the price is good, the product is great with many, many uses - I would recommend!Reviewing Scotch tape is like reviewing Kleenex, or Coca-Cola. Is there anybody who doesn't know what this is?On the other hand, this iconic product could use a bit of updating.Pros -- Matte finish, so it "disappears" on paper (even more so if you rub it with your fingernail). It also won't show up as much on xeroxes (oh, excuse me, "photocopies")- Two-sided clamshell dispenser. Cheaper tapes have a one-sided dispenser, and yes, the open side of the tape gets cruddy. You wind up with a dark line on the edge of the tape. These are better.Cons -- The greener alternative to this package would be one refillable dispenser and a bunch of refills (at least for a home office). Scotch does in fact make a desk dispenser package with refills (Scotch Magic(TM) Tape Deal), but the dispenser is clunky and big. I would totally go for a slightly more robust version of this dispenser instead. I do recognize, however, that most people are going to use up the roll and throw the dispenser out. So...- There are only 18 yards on the roll. That's ~650 inches, not the 1000 inches in the refills (Scotch Magic Tape). Shipping these with the full 1000 inch rolls would also be a greener alternative - it would mean 1/3 fewer dispensers thrown away, and about 1/3 less energy used for packaging and shipping. I'm sure, when these dispensers were first designed, some marketing guy figured out the price point and decided on 18 yards. But that was decades ago, and consumers think differently now.Great tape. Needs a packaging upgrade[Update - on Earth Day, 3M announced a green alternative to this tape, namely a tape base and glue made from renewable materials. They also have started a dispenser recycling program (the dispensers are polystyrene, which most local programs won't take). Amazon does not yet carry this product - I'll update when that changes. (Still want more tape, though)]There is a reason transparent tape is called Scotch tape. It's because Scotch set the standard.This is a matte tape that nearly disappears on paper, you can write on it on with a pencil and it doesn't yellow over time. This is my choice of tape for transparent tape applications. It's easy start with a tab that's in Scotch green plaid.The dispensers are easy to refill, not decorative, pretty strictly utilitarian. You can get more decorative dispensers or even the heavy black professional dispensers, but these work just fine for my needs. You just grip them from both sides, pull them apart, and refill with either .75 inch wide or .5 inch wide Scotch Magic Tape rolls.The tape was really good quality and I thought the price was good.  I don't use scotch tape often so this will last me a couple of years.Love love love.  I have loved Magic tape forever and in addition to the usual uses like wrapping presents where the invisibility of the tape makes the finished product so sharp that I have been complemented!  My latest use for this tape is on design where I may be piecing various pieces of pattern paper, and just not seeing the tape really helps with adjustments.  It also peels off easily  from the pattern paper, and that is such a time saver.  So easy to cut with a tear, but still very strong.  The product comes with a cutter and you can easily recycle the cutter or give it away.  Or maybe with this 6 pack that only one cutter was provided and have those refill tapes, perhaps?It is a winner in my household and this is our go to tape for non-packaging uses.I only intend to use this tape only on paper; for that purpose, it is good. The tape is matte, which I know, but I was hoping that it would be clearer. I have used Magic Tape before, and this item offers no improvements over what I have used.Dispenser/rolls: The tape rolls are extremely easy to remove to put in a different dispenser, or to replace the tape and reuse these! Very often, tape dispensers have prongs, making it difficult to remove/replace spools of tape. With these, all you have to do is squeeze the top and bottom of the dispenser, and it pops open, and there are no prongs inside to make removing the roll difficult. The dispensers can accommodate 1/2" and 3/4" tape (the tape in this set is 3/4"). Having six dispensers means being able to put them around the house and not have to search for tape, and/or the ability to save some for later.Tape: The tape itself is really great, too. Scotch says it's safe for photos. It's really nice how companies are realizing that archival quality products are desirable for adhesive products. The only improvement would be longer rolls--at 18 yards, they don't fill up the dispensers and don't last long when used for larger projects.Scotch Magic Tape is fantastic for torn papers and can almost invisibly repair ripped pages in books.  In this package, you get 6 rolls of 3/4" wide tape totaling just over 100 yards.  This width is particularly good for torn pages - the wider width allows you to repair longer meandering tears without requiring multiple pieces, so the repair is less visible.  I've gotten the best results if I carefully line up the tear, moving uneven parts of the tear to the correct side of the page - especially for thicker papers that can leave a large overhang on one side or the other.  Then try taping on one side and only tape the other if necessary.  Finally, smooth out the tape with your fingernail and voila!  It disappears into the paper.I prefer this tape for most taping needs except when I need an extra wide or extra strong packaging tape.  The matte finish is much less noticeable than the common glossy tapes.  The tape also releases well from walls and other surfaces without a residue so is great for temporary posting.  It doesn't shred apart easily like the cheaper Duck brand Invisible Tape is prone to do.Finally, the dispensers in this package are the 2-piece pull-apart dispensers that split right down the middle.  While not as heavy duty as the very similar Scotch dispensers from 30 years ago, these are a definitely an improvement over the cheap 1-piece dispensers.  With careful use, these might actually last for several refills.For your paper taping needs, you can't go wrong with Scotch Magic Tape.Scotch tape is the best I've used so there is nothing to say there.The dispensers are good.For a desk, I would prefer a nicer heavier dispenser, but for putting them around the house or classroom they are fine and it's not big deal if they get lost.Really, nothing compares in quality to scotch tape.  This stuff is great & is something you just have to have around the office or at home.  The dispenser is nice & sturdy.  The only thing I would prefer would be for the set to come with less dispensers & more just plain refills.  I don't have the need for six dispensers, but for a large office, I see where that would be necessary.It has been a long time since I've seen Magic tape in a good, old-fashion, refillable dispenser. It usually comes in those cheap, single-use dispensers that crack before you use up the tape, or it's loaded into a big desk dispenser.This refillable dispenser is portable, and it's durable, too. This is the way tape should be packaged.My only question is why is it sold in a six pack? I'd rather see a single dispenser, and a half-dozen refills.It's tape...and several rolls of it. Good price and arrived quickly! Not much else to say except cheaper than big-box office stores.A lot of things have changed since I was a kid but these Scotch refillable dispensers and Magic tape are the same old-school quality they've always been. I've been using them for decades and never had so much as a blip in quality or consistency. I've tried other brands but they're either too gummy or not sticky enough or turn yellow over time. There's a reason adhesive tape is commonly referred to as "Scotch tape"--Scotch sets the standard and has never let me down.Excellent all purpose tape by scotch tape. My preferred tape for any paper use, able to be written upon, and withstands the test of time. High quality adhesive does not stain paper over time. Good, strong repair and sealer. The best tape for your money by far.Having three kids under 8 means we go through a lot of tape.  We normally buy the cheapest tape you can get at Office Max or Staples, but I still prefer the Scotch brand tape.  It's just a little thicker and the adhesive is just a little stronger.  On regular paper the matte finish makes it invisible and you can still peel it off without damaging the paper (if you're careful).The refillable dispensers are nice but I might have liked to have a single dispenser that is stronger and heavier than six individual dispensers.  These dispensers aren't so nice that you'd feel very guilty about throwing them away, I suppose.These tabs are really great and save a lot of time when you are preparing a lesson plan.  The idea is to use them to indicate where the chapters start so that you can easily flip to the right page and not waste a bunch of effort paging through the book.  We only use one chapter at a time and these tabs are just the thing to make it easier.I use lot's of tabs for different projects and the Avery Brand is one of our favorites.  Love the pastel color assortment, stickability and fact that you can write on them to be definite pluses. Fair price as well.*****These tabs are just great, everything one could want in an index tab, and very high quality. They are very easy to write on, to use and then reuse again--you would think that if you can reuse them they wouldn't be very sticky, but they are sticky enough to stay on forever if need be but very easy to remove. The colors stand out and are fluorescent--in the photo they look yellow, blue and purple, but they are actually yellow, blue and pink. The color is the part you write on and it is non-smearing and will accommodate any kind of pen. Apparently Avery has software that you can use to print on them as well, but I haven't tried to use that (this is beyond my level of computer expertise). I am really satisfied with these and wouldn't hesitate to buy them again.Highly recommended.*****These taps are great!!!!!!  You cannot beat the price.  If you go any Office supplies store they sell tabs for $5.00 to $7.00.  To me that's to expensive.  That is why I use Amazon, not to overpay!!!!!!I purchased these to assist me in preparation for a National US Government Licensing Exam I took, the tabs are very well made.I was very satisfied with the quality and the ease of writing on them with a Sharpe Marker (Fine Point), and that they stayed exactly where I put them in my reference books.I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for quick tabbing ideas that are handwritten, you could even print clear adhesive labels and attach them to these tabs for a cleaner look.Hope that helps you with your purchasing decision.Thanks for reading!Package arrived quickly!1.  Packaging is Easy to Open - You don't have to use scissors.2.  Tabs come in neat flip book, not individual pages that can become lost etc.  Very orderly.3.  I wrote on the tabs with a fine point permanent marker.  It was just like writing on paper.  The ink soaked right in but didn't bleed or smear.  I also tried using a Pilot G-2 pen (thick, dark ink) and it didn't bleed or smear.4.  The adhesive is strong enough that the tabs won't fall off if you give them a tug, but they are still easy enough to peel off if you need to.5.  I recommend using them on papers contained in plastic sleeves, as the labels peel off plastic easily.I always purchase and recommend Avery products.  As I am working on a number of my children's and family scrapbooks these easy to use tabs are great for marking new "chapters" in my memory scrapbooks. Easy to write on and affix to a page.  You can also 'unstick' the tab and place it elsewhere with ease.  It also does not 'slide' or drop off when opening and closing the books numerous times.Real Epson Ink Cartridges.  Cheaper here than most other places, but ink jet printer cartridges are still way too expensive.  One set of inks cost almost as much as the printer.  Soon, every time I need a set of ink cartridges I could jut buy a new printer.Not fair to the ink that I hated this printer so much, but this expensive set of cartridges dried up just as fast as the cheaper no-names... go figure.  I finally wised up and bought another brand of printer.Be aware that there is no black cartridge included in this multipack--I didn't notice, and almost ordered it. You can get a better price per cartridge at S*ms Club, since their multipack includes all 6 carts. In fairness to Epson, however, I've found that if you do a lot of color photo printing, the black cart is used less than the other ones, so maybe that's why they make a multipack with no black.I love this ink because it is by Epson and comes in the original manufacturer's packaging. It seems to last a good while although because there are 5 separate color cartridges it seems like there is always one that needs replaced but buying this 5-pack seems to be a good economical choice.I wish inks were cheaper but they are not.  I've tried several off brands but when printing photos, genuine Epson ink is the only way to go.  The lowest cost on genuine Epson ink I've found is here at Amazon (even cheaper that the warehouse stores).  I picked send every six months and if I need it earlier I just go to my subscriptions and ask for the shipment to be sent earlier.  I can cancel at any time but I know I'll be buying this again.  If your printing demands quality Epson ink is the only inks I've found that work.  Subscribe and Save truly does help me save.Factory sealed package with a full use date. A genuine Epson cartridge by all appearances. The usual packaging requiring opening the cardboard box, and cutting the clear plastic wrapper.This is a very good price on these inks, even if you have to buy the black cartridge separately.  Going to an office store, you will pay about $15 per cartridge, plus tax, the hassle of going to the store, etc.  I would say buy a few of these packs to keep on hand.  I couldn't even find this good of a price on Ebay.Epson Ink is always good just more expensive than I would like. The colors always come out perfect and make my pictures look great.The ink works fine. I think it lasts a long time and it prints clean, clear documents.  Part of that is due to the quality Epson printer I have too.  The listing for this ink should include that it also works with the RX600...Works much more reliably than the non-OEM cartridges I tried.  I never had problems with the OEMs and regret trying to save money with the cheaper brands, which sometimes turn out not so cheap when you end up having to replace them with these OEM cartridges a few months later.It does a really nice job. I use the white printable discs and the print colors come out pretty good. It takes 3 minutes (or just over) to print one disc. I've printed about 50 DVDs so far and all have printed without a hitch. I've even used the printer to print a few color docs and they too are very nice. The one thing I dislike is that you have to remove the disc printing board, or holder, when you turn the printer off. If you try to turn the printer on with the board in place, you get an error telling you to remove it. So if you use the printer mainly for disc printing, as I do, it becomes a bit of a hassle. I've found that it doesn't seem to use ink any more than any of my ink just printers, though the Epson inks are very expensive (they should be giving the printer away for free, and they wonder why we look for "compatible" inks). I'm pleased with the printer and glad I got it. I was going to get the new 800, but for the price, this does what I need and, unless the printing time is considerably shorter, I'm glad I have the extra $200 for ink.Have had this printer for several years and have been quite satisfied with it.  The color quality of the printing is outstanding.  I have a newer quality printer by another top manufacturer and the colors are not nearly as vibrant as they are with the R300.  Epson apparently makes some of the best inks.  I use standard 20 lb. paper in it and get good quality.  Photo paper gives better quality of course, but heavier paper does jam easier in this printer.There have been a lot of complaints about the amount of ink this printer uses, but it may be a misconception.  It warns you of low ink long before you have to really replace the cartridge.  You can sometimes print many, many pages before the ink actually runs out.  Ignore the low ink warning and just wait until it stops printing and says the ink is actually out.  One problem with low ink is that you sometimes cannot do an ink head cleaning if ink is too low.Once in a while I have had banding problems when printing.  Just run the printer through a cleaning cycle or two and problem goes away.The only design flaw I have found in my printer is that the CD/DVD printer tray seems to have an issue with feeding in sometimes and quite often I have to give it a little nudge to get it started.  Also it sometimes doesn't eject all the way and I have to pull it out. Initially the tray worked fine, so it could be a component that has worn enough to cause the problem.  It has been doing it for a long time, but I can live with this slight problem, as the print quality of the CDs and DVDs is excellent and I have printed 100's.Would hate to pay the prices now being asked for this printer ($300+ and up), as I think I bought mine new for around $100.  I must have gotten an incredible buy or the prices on this have jumped dramatically.When the printer quits, I think it will be well worth repairing.  The last color inkjet I had before this one (different brand) did not last as long.If you don't need the card readers or pictbridge, buy the R200 instead.  It has exactly the same print engine and software as the R300 but at half the price! I checked the specs at Epson and they're the same.  On the Canon printers you have to go to the i960 to find a six color printer for the same price as the R300 and still not get the card readers on the R300. All of these are excellent printers but I think the Epson dye printers have a slight edge over the Canon in print permanence based on the statistics that I've been comparing.I've had the R300 for 3 or 4 months now. Initially I almost returned it because the photos came out terrible. They were blotched and blurry. It turns out that I had to make adjustments with the print settings, namely the paper type. After having the correct settings, I got great pictures. Unlike other reviewers, I my experience with the ink cartidges has not been bad. Perhaps I just don't print as many photos or very large photos. My only complaint is that even when set for gray-scale and fastest the R300 takes a longer time printing than I would like. Overall, I am very satisfied with the quality and value of the R300.I bought this to replace m old 744.  I gotta say that my old 744 was a good photo printer.  But man this printer blows it away.  I had a lab do a 5x7 for me and then printed the same photo on kodax ultima paper.  The printout I feel was better then the lab print.  You can't go wrong with epson printers for photos.  And if you use pictorico paper in and use the best photo settings you can print 8x10's that are equal or superior to anything you order from a photolab.Primarily I purchased this printer for CD/DVD printing and so that's what I'll concentrate on.Firstly the printer uses a tray system that's not physically part of the actual printer - if you want to print onto a CD after normal 8x11 printing you have to get your 12" tray and flip down the front of the printer and slide it in. You can't print on a sheet of paper one minute then onto a CD next without performing this mechanical change to the set up of the printer. It would have been SO useful if you could just pop a disc in the same way as you can with a CD drive - minor complaint but it's still frustrating to have this large tray laying around taking up desk space until you need it. Secondly, and this may also seem minor, but the tray actually sticks far out of the back of the printer as the disc gets printed on - my placement of the unit was close to a wall and I ended up having to move the print about 8" forward to accommodate the tray at the rear. Given the size of the printer plus the extra space of the tray you should ensure your intended footprint area will be large enough for it before buying.The prints themselves are fantastic. Perfect. In fact if you buy some diamond (silver) CD-Rs and use this printer then it looks completely pro - you can't tell it's 'homemade'.Aside from the tray getting stuck occasionally and the usual inkjet printer gripe - i.e. why do they take 30 seconds to faff about before printing I really like this unit. For the price it's hard to beat it especially if you're after one-off pro-quality CD/DVD printing.(Extra: I've purchased many third-party ink cartidges from G&G; for a tenth of the price of Epson's proprietory ones and they work fine with this printer. You'll be going through a lot of them so keep it in mind if you buy!)Very nice quality paper at a good price.  Works just fine with my HP c410a printer.  I would recommend using HP paper only in HP printers.  When I have used cheaper brands, the ink smears and won't dry completely.  I will purchase this type of HP paper in other, smaller sizes.- HP brand name, used with my HP photo printer- Colors seem to really take to this paper. It's totally different than just printing photos on computer paper- 100 sheets at this price is more than fair considering I don't use this paper that often- Remember when printing photos ink will be more expensive than the paper, it goes quick on high quality settings- Quality photos when printed!Look - if you want to print an heirloom to pass down through the generations, this is not the paper. If you need cheap paper -- becuase your children don't write down their homework and tell you at 9:50p.m. the night before that they need a picture of themselves for class, never to be returned -- this is the paper for you!We use this paper like crazy for just about any school work you can imagine. The quality is fine for projects and science fair boards. That is really all you can say.We picked up this "HP Everyday Photo Paper" to print product pictures for my wife's small business on better quality paper than "plain paper". The end results are better than plain paper, but far below most other lower cost photo paper. Here are my observations:Pros -+ Inexpensive; for photo paper, this is relatively low pricedCons -- Slow Drying; myBrother MFC-6490CW Professional Series Color Inkjet Wireless All-in-One Printerhas fairly quick drying ink on most papers, but was really surprised that my prints smudged even after sitting for more than five minutes- Marginal Image Quality; no amount of tweaking I could do produced "outstanding" resultsWe will use the rest of this paper, but will not buy it again.CFHI bought this primarily for the price!  It is a great buy for 100 sheets of photo paper.  I was hoping to print some large photos for framing and hanging on the wall, and needed large photo paper.  I like the 8.5x11 since it is easy to work with and fits the printer perfectly, it is hard to find a frame (other than document frame) for this paper, but I found a nice document one at Walmart that looks really nice (most photo frames are 8x10.  I put these in the printer (HP OfficeJet 8600), and printed my photos from iPhoto on my Mac, when I printed I selected HP Photo Paper for the paper type and hit print.  It took the printer about 2 minutes to print the entire page of full color (borderless), and for a test I ran my finger across the page, nothing came off and the paper was dry when it came out of the printer and there was no smearing (make sure you use proper settings or you might get smearing or wetness).  The print looked amazing and after framing it and hanging it, I am very happy!  Every printer is different, so be sure to make sure your printer supports photo paper and that you choose the right settings for photo paper when you print your document or image.  I highly recommend this and you can not find a better buy for Full size Photo Paper anywhere!!!Photos print well on this paper. I think you get a lot of paper for a decent price. I would order it again.This Glossy Everyday Photo Paper is good paper at a good price. ... and here are the extra words necessary for the 20-word minimum review criteria.It's so slippery, my laser mouse didn't work at all. There's little tactile feedback, it just feels like you're gliding across fake marble or something. Very very uncomfortable. Ended up throwing it away, basically.The picture on the mousepad is beautiful and makes you want to be on a sandy tropical beach.  This one has a tiny bit of "texture" to it, like a TV screen.  The mouse moves very easily, and doesn't stick or drag.  It's a decent size for sitting beside your keyboard, but I wouldn't mind if it was another inch or so larger all around.  Was not expensive, and I would buy it again.I bought several of these for the PCs around the house.  It is great for optical and laser mice.  It is also great as a gift.  I'm from Hawaii and I gave some of these to visitors from the mainland.  I just said it looks like Hawaii, even though I know it isn't Hawaii.This pad makes my mouse glide too quickly sometimes. I have adjusted many times however. Overall, fair priced item.Not much to say, we all know about these. I usually like larger pads but need something to carry in my briefcase for off-site use.I generally order the budget version of sheet protectors.  These are much nicer.  They seem roughly twice as heavy as budget protectors, and seem well constructed.  They are smooth, as compared to the cheaper models that usually have a texture.  With that said, I find the non-glare model to be a bit too opaque, I prefer the clear ones.I love these sheet protectors--I use them for all kinds of things. These have good, reinforced holes along the left side and are a nice plastic that is heavy and yet easy to read through. What I use them most for is recipes. These protectors are integral to my recipe filing system. When I find recipes I want to try, I clip them out/print them and slip them into a temporary folder. Then when I actually try the recipe, if we like it, then I write the date we made it first and any notes/changes I made on the recipe. The last step is to slip the recipe into one of these sheet protectors in my permanent &#34;Tried and True&#34; recipe 3-ring binder.The advantage is that these sheet protectors keep all the food particles, grease, and general gunk off of the recipe. They are easy to wipe clean and these protectors are easy to read through: perfect for the kitchen. Another advantage is that I can put two recipes back to back in each protector. They are also heavy enough that I can put those little booklets in a protector, if I want to save the whole booklet. The protector's reinforced holes keep it from ripping out even when &#34;loaded&#34; with the extra weight of a booklet.I also like them for my gardening notebook, particularly for &#34;how-to&#34; articles. They keep the dirt and moisture away from the pages, so I can work with them/refer to them outside if I need to do so.Some of my older, stiffer protectors sometimes stick together, but I have not had this problem with these. They are terrific for keeping documents, letters, magazine articles, and even photos protected. I have a set of letters from the Civil War that I keep in these protectors and they work just fine for that.I think I like the clear cover better than the no glare as other reviewers have noted, in certain light sometimes it is hard to see.I do like the archival quality going to use these for my grandchildren's art and precious cards they make me, counting on the archival quality to keep their precious drawings and notes and letters to Grandma looking bright and new for years to come.I use these sheet protectors for information I save about each book I write. Since I've been published for fourteen years, I have accumulated a lot of material, from newspaper clippings to favorite fan correspondence to rejection letters. :-)Since I now have eight binders (representing eight books), that's a lot of accumulated material...and much more organized than the old scrapbooks where I saved special journalism pieces from over thirty years of working for newspapers.These top-loading, non-glare protectors far surpass the thinner ones I've used in the past and are much easier to work with.I recommend them highly.Reviewed by Betty Dravis, March 27, 2014Author of "Millennium Babe: The Prophecy"This is a good product that is made of heavy plastic material. I note this may not agree with some other reviewers however I have a box of lightweight that i am comparing this protector with and this one is definitely more of a heavy weight.The only drawback for me is the displaying of photos since the plastic sheet is not clear plastic and that takes away from the quality of my photos. While it is &#34;non glare&#34; that does take away from the the clearness of whatever is being covered. It is great for use of printed items. The sheets are well made and insert easily into a three ring note binder.This package of top loading sheet protectors are perfect for my use. I use them to hold my music when I play the piano at church. The  music is protected and the pages are so much easier to turn and to not blow away if the air conditioner is on. I also use these sheet protectors for my volunteer work the Cardiac Rehab center. I am the file clerk and office guru when it comes to storage and keeping papers protected. I have several notebooks with stats and figures and use the sheet protectors to protect my work and the pages turn so smoothly. I also use the sheet protectors for my printed recipes. When I print a recipe from the computer, I put it in a sheet protector and it is safe from tearing and wrinkling. Since the sheet protectors are acid free they also are great for scrapbooks. I highly recommend this product for all office work.One thing I like about these is, they're only open on the top - some protectors are open on the top and one side so it can be a little harder to get your documents to stay in.  They're nice and heavy, as advertised, and the hole punches seem like they're not going to tear out so your pages come loose.Mostly I use these for recipes - I like to cut them out of the newspaper and just paste them to a page and throw the whole thing in a notebook.  It's better than having scraps of paper floating all over our house that I can't ever find when I need them.  Since I'm going to be using them a lot I also like having a nice heavier protector.  These are a little more expensive but worth it, IMO.  I also really like that they're acid-free and I haven't had any problems with newsprint lifting on to them.I've always used clear sheet protectors -  I use them with music sheets when I play at Church and occasionally I have a problem with glare (though it's usually not so bad). I thought it might be nice to see if this 'non-glare' version helps with the glare. Well the answer is yes, it does help with the glare. However, it's a little frosted so to speak (as compared to the clear version) and it reduces visibility. Even though you can still see the paper behind it, I found that I didn't like the reduced visibility. So I'm going to use these for filing papers away.But as far as the quality is concerned, these are good quality sheet protectors. Only I'd recommend the clear version instead.This is a great product that has so many uses that having a box of 100 is surely necessary. While there are so many uses for these non-glare heavy weight sheet protectors around the office (or home office), their functionality goes far beyond that into the home. I decided to put mine to the test first with organizing take-out menus that seem to drift all over the house until the hunt begins because you need one. Another great home use is for those single recipes you&#8217;ve printed out or cut out of magazines.Of course, these sheets are great around the office or for any organizing of papers. The top-loading sheets are easy to use and as a bonus, archival-safe, for those who want to keep things for a long time. The only downside that I can see is that the glare-free coating puts a tiny dimmer on bright colors, so if that&#8217;s important for a business presentation purpose, you might want to skip that feature. However, then you&#8217;d be sacrificing easy readability.I couldn&#8217;t be happier with this product, and I even like the box they came in. The attached lid makes it less likely that the top will be hard to find when you go to close it up. Wilson Jones has truly thought out this product well, and it shows!I prefer matte finished sheet protectors.  I don't like the glare on the glossy ones.  These seem very durable, they are not lightweight at all.  If you are looking for sheet protectors for a large project that would require hundreds of these, I would recommend the lightweight sheet protectors.  These I got to use for my recipe binders.  These wipe off easily if you get food on them, a plus!The box states that these sheet protectors are archival safe, acid free, and prints won't stick to the insides.  All things which are highly desirable in serious situations.  I haven't used these long enough to know if any of these statements are true, but Wilson Jones has been around forever, so I will take their word for it.Large box of heavy duty sheet protectors will cover a large number of pages. Standard printer paper is easily inserted. I particularly like the no glare feature which lives up to its claims.I like the non-reflective finish but these are a good way to protect frequently used pages of information like phone list.The sheet protectors have a matte finish, which means that when you're reading under harsh lights, the pages don't have a lot of distracting sun glare or fluorescent light glare. Especially great for paper protection when you have particularly bright lights and the rest going on. The sheets feel heavy, and thick enough to stand up to abuse. They make turning of pages in a binder easier than hole punched pages alone. Definitely worth the investment.I keep all of my sensitive reference documents in sheet protectors. This includes my plans to conquer the world through a chain of breakfast restaurants that will replace the Waffle House. These sheet protectors have kept me from getting those plans greasy or dirty while huddled in the back booth of a Waffle House. There's no glare, even when the lights are all actually working. Unfortunately, the non-glare made it easier for the manager to see what I was doing, capture photos with his pen-cam, and now I write this review from a secret CIA prison.Ok, so that's not quite true. Here's what is:1. These are &#34;heavy weight&#34; but that's really just in comparison to a store-brand or super-cheap version. I have some leftover heavy weight of another brand that make these seem flimsy. They aren't weak, and will hold up well. But they are more what I would call normal weight. (In other words: if I buy Wilson Jones Sheet Protectors, I'm certainly buying &#34;heavy weight&#34; ones.)2. These are non-glare. There's a bit of a muted effect on full-color graphics with that, but it's not bad. Better than not being able to see.3. The 3-ring binder holes are a tad tight in one of my 3-inch super-size binders. Everything but notebook paper has trouble there, though.4. Currently, the price runs under fifteen cents for each one. That's a better deal than the local store.5. These clean up well. I have used wet-erase markers on a couple for markups, then cleaned it off. Worked nicely.6. Durability looks good unless you get too aggressive and flip hard and fast. That will tear them up.7. Worth a box--you never think you'll need that many, but you will find all sorts of uses.These are well- made sheet protectors, They look frosted but this is the non-glare ... something I appreciate ... it doesn't interfere with legibility at all. They are archival grade and feel sturdy. All in all, an excellent product intended for heavy use documents etc.There's an ever expanding pile of recipes cut from magazines and newspapers that I often find myself sifting through.  These non-glare sheet protectors are just the ticket for solving that issue!Now all my recipes are organized and protected from any kitchen mishaps.As for the non-glare aspect, the matte finish does really help.  I get glare from the windows in my kitchen, but thanks to the matte finish, I can still read the recipes.I received both theWilson Jones Heavy Weight Top-Loading Sheet Protectors, Clear, 100/Box (W21411)and theWilson Jones Heavy Weight Top-Loading Sheet Protectors, Non-Glare, 100/Box (W21413)to review and naturally decided to compare the two, here are my thoughts. (SKIP TO THE VERDICT IF YOU DON'T WANT TO READ THE BREAKDOWN)The tests:1) I took one of each type of sheet protector and used them to hold a petition I was circulating, each petition was handled by a very large number of hands.  I then compared the two afterwards to check for the condition of the petition and the protectors.2) I examined the protectors containing the petition in various lighting conditions.3) I put paper towel inside and then spilled water on them in various quantities.4) I put paper in them and bent them to see how they protected the pages and retained their shape****I didn't try stuffing them, I meant to but kept forgetting, maybe I will update with their capacity in the future.The results.1) Both of the protectors held up well to heavy repetitive use.  The pages of the petition remained crisp and the protectors were still in great condition.  HOWEVER, the clear protectors had a large number of fingerprint smudges, these smudges were not present on the non-glare sheet protector. WINNER: non-glare2) In general the clear protectors provided a brighter more glossy finish much like a glossy photo, this looks great for short-term use in most interior lighting conditions (for long term use see fingerprints above).  The non-glare pages are more like a matte photo and there is a real difference in the amount of glare.  These are perfectly visible in just about every lighting condition.  I am not sure how to tell for certain but I believe these have been treated with an anti-glare resin and are true non-glare protectors.  WINNER: depends on the situation, but I prefer non-glare3) Both types of protectors performed well on this test.  Unless you spilled something such that it pooled right near the top-loading opening they completely protected the sheets.  If the protectors only had one sheet inside they even provided modest protection against spills from above (I used paper towel so I could see the wicking more easily).  However, the more sheets you add to the protector the less protection here.  WINNER: Tie4) Again, both protectors performed well.  They provided decent protection for folds and bends, stopping the paper from forming sharp creases.  However prolonged bending (like if you stuck it in a bag on an angle) did lead to kinks in the plastic sheets themselves.  There was no difference between the two types of sheets. WINNER: Tie5) PRICE: As of this writing the non-glare sheets are about $3.00 cheaper than the clear sheets, WINNER: (as of writing)--Non-GlareVerdict: For my money I would certainly rather have the non-glare protectors, I think they look great on presentations and they are more versatile.  Furthermore the non-glare protectors also resist fingerprints which means your reports stay nicer longer.  And they are cheaper, which makes it a bit of a no-brainer.NON-GLARE: 5 stars  CLEAR: 3 stars (-1 for glare/fingerprints, -1 for price)If you found this review helpful please click on the Yes button to let others know! Also feel free to ask questions in the comments, I track and respond.WilsonJones heavy weight sheet protectors are designed for frequently referenced documents.  They are acid free, archival safe and print won't stick.  That is nice feature because over time print has tendency to stick to some sheet protectors.  Well worth getting for those scrap book or document projects.I guess it is too much to hope for that heavy weight non-glare sheet protectors will also be transparent.  So, these are not completely transparent, but that comes with the non-glare, heavy weight territory I guess.  The best thing about these is that print doesn't stick to them, so if you want to replace a document in one of these sheet protectors, you should be able to.  In other words, they are reusable because they don't have the stick factor that is so annoying in other sheet protectors.  All in all, these are just fine, and I would recommend if you need a heavy weight, non-glare option.These heavyweight non-glare sheet protectors are very attractive (if you care about that) and easy to load. They're also non-glare which makes them easy to see thru. I use them for articles I save and for printouts of my most useful recipes. Of course, they're also great for our children's prized school papers, their art, and anything important that we want to display - like on the fridge - because they wipe down easy and no one's masterpiece gets ruined.Archival Safe, Acid Free, Top Loading Sheet Protectors by Wilson Jones are heavy weight, non-glare and you don not have to worry about the print sticking. Great for organizing important papers and/ or recipes. Great for cooks, crafters, collectors, photographers at home, school, office, or shop. A must have for archivists.My primary interest and use for these heavy sheet protectors is the preservation of documents involved with genealogy. Many official documents are hard to acquire and the loss of them not only is a loss of dollars spent, but valuable time. Often the items are one of a kind, not replaceable. Thus the need for archival acid free sheets. These are much better quality than a brand I earlier bought at a local large retail mart.This item is glare free, good when a photo copy is needed as it can be done while protected. I have found I like that. The pre-punched 3-reing binder holes make the sheets quickly inserted into file volumes, or moved if the case is needed. Full 8.5" X 11" computer printed sheets easily and quickly slip into the protectors from the top. Never catch, never wrinkle.I've also found these pages being used by my wife for folder displaying of larger family photographs. They are as protective to photos as they are printed documentations. And she uses some for separating and preserving scrap booking papers. She likes the way they make all of the possible papers so easily searched without damaging the individual pieces. A very versatile product, and durable.To glare or not to glare? That is the question.When under heavy lighting non-glare helps with eyes strain, for pure "Diamond Clear" 3.3 mil protectors I had been usingAvery Diamond Clear Heavyweight Sheet Protector 200 Pack (74400)- page for page they are less expensive. It is best to play around with a couple of different brands to find what suits you. But so far, so good ... replacing a lot of my 7 year old medical records protector sheets ... they did their job ... I have been "rough" on them.You DEFINITELY want to avoid dollar store, W**-Mart "onion skin thin" protector sheets they split at the seams very easily.A Tip: For very important papers I seal the top of the sheet with a folded (on both sides of the protector) piece of cellophane tape ... then if God Forbid you spill your morning coffee on an important paper (your Last Will & Testament for example) you should be safe not sorry.I'm a picky page-protector girl..and you should be picky, too!Cheap page protectors feel cheap. They break easily and are harder to see through. These are quality. There are likely thicker page protectors for super heavy use, but these will work for most people and last years. Cheap non-glare protectors are textured and very cloudy. These non-glare are still a bit cloudy, but smooth and easy to work with. If glare is something you dislike, then choose these. If you just want a quality and beautiful product, I would recommend theWilson Jones Heavy Weight Top-Loading Sheet Protectors, Clear, 100/Box (W21411). I love having these sturdy boxes to hold my protectors for when I need them. It's smart to have page protectors on hand for those unexpected needs.These non-glare protectors are a good weight and I haven't had one split or fail with use yet. The images and print on pages are also visible and not blurred by the non-glare surface. So these are fine for the money and I will consider purchasing again in the future when I need more.I got these to protect my large recipe cards I receive weekly from a subscription meal service. They are just the thing I needed for this! I have a 3-inch 3-ring binder in which I file the recipes. When I'm ready for a recipe, I just flip through, find the recipe I want, and take it out, sheet protector and all. This serves to keep my recipe smudge, splash, and splatter free. It also makes it easy to see both sides of the recipe card without ever having to touch the actual card. I've used other sheet protectors, but these are thicker and stand up to frequent handling much better. I was concerned at first that they would be harder to see the pages through the plastic, but my concern was unfounded. Just perfect for this purpose!I got the no-glare version of these sheet protectors, but I notice that they may it just a little bit difficult to see through them clearly.  I used these page protectors for scrapbooking and prefer the clear version much more.  I thought the non-glare would be good for seeing photos but I like the clear ones for that better.  The page protectors are nice and heavy and seem durable so I would recommend them.I have already put these top loading sheet protectors to use. The package I received is the non-glare kind and they work great. They are not flimsy/cheap and appear to be durable for long term use. This type of product can be used for offices, various collectors can use them (stamp collectors, currency, etc.. as the material appears to be safe for various products.Five stars for this product. I&#34;ll definitely buy these in the future.These are heavy enough to be durable and easy to fill, and also very clear. I like them a lot, would buy again.These sheet protectors are perfect for anyone using them under stage lights. As the music director for my church, I have given all of the musicians three ring binders, but we had trouble with the glare from the stage lights obscuring the music. These eliminated the glare from the sheet protectors.They have also proven to be sturdy and easy to use, without much sticking.These are great anti-glare sheet protectors.Sheet Protectors are a regular part of my life, I use them to protect and preserve important documents (mortgage, medical bills, important receipts, etc.).  My experience is that they truly protect by minimizing the following: decrease dust; discoloration; degradation in quality (touch or appearance -I hate how fast register receipts fade into oblivion).I used various types of thicknesses of sheet protectors from retail outlets such as Staples, Office Max and Office Depot.  These non-glare protectors are my favorite.Pros:+Easy to open!+Holds at about 4 sheets easily without changing shape;+Doesn't get creased, bent or tear with normal use.+Clear presentation;+As of today's writing price it sells for $14.99 and offers free shipping, if you place an order with a combined total of $35.00 of Amazon Qualified Purchases.Cons:-Fails to hold as many sheets as Clear Version of Wilson Jones Heavy Weight Top-Loading Sheet Protectors, Clear 100/Box -it tends to warp with 5 or more pages (these failed to hold the 8 -10 sheets I could fit in the Wilson Jones clear version) -perhaps, a result of manufacturing defect, perhaps machines need to be re-calibrated?-Price is a bit higher in some cases to competitors such as Avery's brand (but recent reviews state the Avery product quality is poor), so perhaps you get what you pay for?Unfortunately, Amazon doesn't carry Office Depot's 2.4 100 count Sheet Non-Glare Protector, I went to Office Depot's website -Their Comparable Item #498761 Office Depot Brand Top-Loading Sheet Protectors, Standard Weight, Non-Glare, Box Of 100, as of today's current online price is $12.79 plus shipping.  Office Depot carries this exact version of Wilson Jones Heavy Weight Top-Loading Sheet Protectors Non-Glare 100/Box for $22.99 plus shipping. I'm unclear on shipping costs, as to obtain it would require me to process personal data on their site; however, if I spend $50.00 or more shipping is free.I had used Office Depot Non Glare for several years, however, my purchase 9 months ago was very cloudy (I had not opened until recently due to misplacing it) as a result, it was hard to read (I had paid $14.99 last year plus tax at a local retail outlet, the price has not increased as of two weeks ago).  I asked for a replacement but the product on the shelf was likewise quite cloudy.  In fact, they had a sample above the display, which was much more clear than those for sale.Conclusion: Based on my experience with Office Depot's Non-Glare, this wins hands down.  Seeing the more recent reviews on Avery, even if they are lower in price, the quality is poor and not worth the cost savings, in my opinion.  If you do presentations, this will protect your charts, etc. with integrity.Full disclosure, I do prefer clear version over non-glare.These are nice!  I like to organize drawings in binders; using sheet protectors is far preferable to punching holes in artwork, so I've used quite a lot of sheet protectors over the years.  The plastic these are made of is considerably heavier than any others I've encountered.  Instead of being matte-textured, these are sort of milky translucent.  Just held up to the light, they have the same optical qualities as milk jug plastic - but documents inside show through clearly.  The package claims &#34;print won't stick.&#34;  I set one, with a photocopied page inside it, out on a counter where it would get a few hours of sunshine every day, with a heavy book resting on part of it, for 20 days - after which the paper pulled out cleanly without any toner sticking inside the pocket.  The true test would be to leave xerographic documents in there for a YEAR or longer, but I only have so much time to turn in my Vine review.  The pocket is heat-sealed across the bottom and around the white strip that reinforces the holes.  The outside edge is a fold in the plastic rather than a heat seam.  Sheets are punched for standard 3-hole binders; center hole is round, top and bottom holes slightly elongated.That's all I can think of to say about this, other than it's great and I will probably buy more of them.I'm pretty picky about page protectors so I look at them carefully before I use them. I like this brand because they are durable and last a long time. Even though the box says heavy-weight, these are very light feeling. However, they are still quite strong and withstand heavy use. I will definitely use these again.These Wilson Jones Heavy Weight Top-Loading Sheet Protectors are an excellent value for the price.  I'm VERY pleased with them.  As a writer, I'm often clipping out stories from newspapers and magazines for story ideas. I spent a couple of hours putting the clippings into sheet protectors and storing them in a binder for future reference.PROS1) Very good quality product at a good price.2) Can be used for work, school and home.3) Non-glare sheet protectors make it so much easier to read content under florescent lighting.4) Preserve reports, leases, stories and important documents from coffee stains and fingerprints.5) Three-Ring Binder Ready.6) Wilson Jones Heavy-Weight Sheet Protectors won't tear the first time you use them as some other brands sometimes do.CONSNone.This product is exactly what I need for organizing my research and my own writing.  My teenage niece also came up with the idea of collecting family recipes, slipping them into sheet protectors and putting them together in a binder.  I'm telling you, this simple, well-made product will get a lot of use in my house!I got these for keeping pedigrees in.  I keep them organized in sheet protectors stored in a binder.  Everything is neat, clean & professional.  When an animal sells, I include a copy of the pedigree in the sheet protector.  It is a nice way to present the pedigree & helps protect it while dealing with handling animals.These are listed as heavy weight.  They seem as thick as my other protectors.  I have encountered protectors so thin they are like saran wrap, so maybe that's what they mean by heavy weight.  The super thin saran wrap type protectors are near worthless.I'm thrilled with both the clear & the non-glare &#34;heavy weight&#34; sheet protectors.  They perform exactly the way I need them too.These Wilson heavyweight sheet protectors are very well made. I use them for my business. They stand up well during lots of use. Clear plastic for ease of viewing.  Easy to open and insert pages.As a research junkie, I am always printing things out, saving them in binders, reviewing over and over, you get the idea.  While these may be a bit more expensive, you get what you pay for.  Have used the matte and crystal finishes, and both are great.  Sturdy, as some I use are at least five years old.  No tearing, no splitting at the top or side.  Great for rough handling, reuse, etc.I'm a teacher and always need sheet protectors to save my lesson plans and organize them into a binder. I find these to be very durable. They don't crease or crinkle and it's easy to slide papers in and out of. Highly recommended.These are exactly what I was hoping they'd be: sturdy, transparent, and non-glossy sheet protectors. My only little glitch is that sometimes it's a trick to get the top open, but that's just me getting used to them.I worried that they might be sort of cloudy and make the contents difficult to read (did I want the regular kind?) but that concern was entirely misplaced; it's just totally not an issue.Very happy with these.I never really thought about the possibility of 5-star sheet protectors, but there you are.These are exactly what you need if you're organizing/archiving papers, and the uses are endless. They're great for storing those little keepsakes--like your kid's graduation program--so they're not cluttering up your drawer. (The keepsakes, I mean, not your kids.)I am an unapologetic article-clipper, and I like to save features by favorite writers, photo essays, etc. These sheet protectors are perfect for that: they're sturdy and roomy. You can fit a three-page story into one sleeve (four if it's not thick paper and you're careful).I also like to use these for my topo map sections when I'm geocaching, and they're good for product manuals and important papers. You can find what you need without having to handle the item constantly.I'm sure you'll think of a number of other uses, too.I have had sheet protectors that are difficult to load. These are very easy to load because they are sized just a hair larger than a sheet of paper. The non-glare makes it still easy to read text and they are made from a good sturdy plastic.Finally some frustration-free sheet protectors! Would definitely buy again.I use sheet protectors a lot- for everything from my knitting patterns to recipes.  The men flare feature of these is a nice extra, especially when I am reading at night.Excellent quality. I'll buy this brand again!Got this because I go to conventions and needed something to store my autographs in so they don't get ruined.  Perfect.I've been using these for recipes, photos, some family historical documents, and some lists and things that get referenced frequently.  They've held up to the abuse and they protect the recipes from my somewhat enthusiastic cooking.  The protectors are easy to open, once I pinch and rub a bit to break up the static cling.  The holes haven't torn with normal levels of use.  They're also a pretty convenient way to hold the small instruction booklets that come with electronics.They're non-glare, which is good when I've got them under a bright light in the kitchen, but it does make small text a little difficult to read.  I have kind of a hard time with small text anyway, so for someone with good eyes it probably won't be a problem.I haven't had inkjet photos or laser printed text stick to the inside of these protectors yet, but I've only been using them for about a month.  If they start sticking I'll update my review.For the price, these are a good deal.  They're helping me get my messy recipe binder organized and they're standing up to regular use.  When I use up this box I'll probably be buying more.These are just what you expect, and as described. I found the quality to be about the same as competing brands. Non-glare tends to look a little more cloudy than regular, but I see no negatives to this brand versus others. Quality is great and durability seems to be strong. No complaints.There's not much to report here. They are clear matte sheet protectors, which work much better than the glossy ones in my opinion. They seem just as rugged as other products I've used, ship in a box well-designed to protect them, and mount just fine in a 3-ring binder.I play music for various social occasions, and work from a book of printed arrangements held in a large 3-ring binder. These sleeves prevent the music sheets from wearing out from frequent page turning, and yet do not reflect much sunlight. They also increase the weight of each page, making it less likely that an occasional breeze will accidentally turn pages. I would imagine that someone who needs to read/use notes in public speaking would find these sheet protectors valuable as well. The manufacturer also states that  these covers will not react with nor degrade the paper, and that ink/toner print will not stick to the interior surface.These sheet protectors are thicker and more substantial feeling than ones I have previously used. They are not the usual shiny plastic, but a more matte finish which I actually prefer. The thicker plastic holds up far better than the thinner ones I am used to using. However, if you have a large number of pages, the thickness of the protectors quickly becomes an issue. All in all, a good product where you need a smaller number of pages in more durable protectors.Five FIRST-RATE Stars. These Wilson Jones Heavy Weight Non-glare Top-Loading Sheet Protectors are heavy-weight and archival, so valuable paperwork or photos can be safely stored in them. And they are acid free, so the sheet protector is not likely to affect what is being stored, which means picking up stains and transferring them back onto the contents, smudging them. I have tested these by putting various photos and documents (black & white and color rich Cibachrome photos, newspapers, documents, etc) in protectors and putting them under a heavy box for days to see if any color or print transfers. After several days, there was no transferral of any type. Long term testing will continue. I have stored Cibachrome photographs in a similar acid free, archival quality brand for years with no color transfer, so if these are of equal or better quality, they will work great long-term for both personal and business needs. Also, the inclusion of a sturdy box for storage, instead of storing "sheet protectors in a flimsy sheet protector" is a better idea. The non-glare aspect protects against sunlight or ambient light damage and reflections, but everything inside the protector, color or print, is still highly visible. This is a great all-around sheet protector product from Wilson Jones. I am replacing my older beat-up sheet protectors with these protectors. Highly Recommended. Five EXCELLENT Stars! (1 box of 100 sheet protectors)Really like these sheet protectors!  Nice and sturdy.  These are 3.3 mil thick.  No flimsy feel. They offer super heavy duty 5 mil protectors, but these seem just right to me,The non-glare option is good , as long as it is flush against the item inside.  On a printed sheet that is a little wavy, it makes parts seem slightly unfocused and bothers my eyes. Think I will get the regular ones in the future since most of what i use these for is stuff I've printed so it isn't perfectly flat.I would give 5 stars for the clear ones.I got the non-glare because I use these to keep sheet music in 3-ring binders and the sun was giving me trouble. Moving my head in order to read the notes was a hassle. The non-glare plastic sleeves are a godsend indeed.We bought these so we could gather our income tax receipts and other necessary documents.  We had more than enough to keep our things organized for the entire year.  The non-glare makes it easier for him to read even the fine print on a receipt or the typically blurry, or even faded, text.  Perfect for his business needs.  Great investment and we'll definitely buy more when we need more.Being a musician, I use binders and sheet protectors every day.  I have bought cheaper protectors, only to have them wrinkle, split and/or tear at the holes. These Heavy Weight Wilson Jones brand are excellent and I LOVE the non-glare/acid free option.  When you are performing under bright lights the non-glare is VERY nice to have.These are also very reasonably priced and I will be ordering more in the near future!In his retirement, Texasman has begun to enjoy cooking. Oh, he still loves his muscle cars, motorcycles, boats and other internal-combustion engine powered stuff, but he is developing a new appreciation for the culinary arts. Or maybe he's tired of my cooking after all these years. Doesn't really matter.  He's actually developed a few new recipes and as he isn't ready to embrace the digital age completely, I've been deciding how to help him organize and store the recipes he uses.I was delighted when the Vine program offered these sheet protectors to try in exchange for an honest review. As he's quite a messy cook, the computer printed recipes were one-use and discard. So I was constantly printing them out for him again and again. Now I print them once, drop them in the sheet protector, and file them in a binder, also using a Wilson Jones product, View Tab Extra Wide dividers. They are designed for use with sheet protectors, so it's a perfect match. If he splatters something on the page, it's easy to wipe off. And when he's finished, it's easy to pop the recipe right back in the binder behind the appropriate tab.While this is just one use, I've found these sheet protectors to be very useful for protecting anything that will fit in it. It will hold up to three pieces of 20 lb. weight paper without a problem, but then the middle page isn't visible, so I just prefer to use another protector. Great for instructions for appliances, etc.  These are great.I use page protectors a ton in our homeschooling and these are well-made and have held up with lots of flipping around and handling by kids. Nice and sturdy and thick plastic so they don't tear easily at all.These are not cheap filmy protectors nor are they super heavy industrial type(5mil) protectors either.  They are easy to load and very non glare although be forewarned they appear opaque and non glare free until loaded then they are crystal clear and easy to read through. For most home and business uses these are near perfect sheet protectors at a reasonable cost while providing good quality.These are sturdy, easy to use sheet protectors. They are punched, so they fit in your three hole binders, they load from the top. They will protect your important documents and are non-glare. Very nice and easy to use. Effective.These Wilson Jones Heavy Weight sheet protectors are great. I ordered the non-glare kind, and they work fine. I can easily get two sheets of paper into one, back-to-back, but I would imagine you could get more if you needed. However, I doubt you could get over 4 pages because it gets too snug inside. They truly are heavy weight and will prevent your papers from crinkling. I recommend them.Black n' Red happens to be standard issue in my office. I always preferred the casebound notebooks because most of the notes I take I want to keep and a casebound, hardcover is what's proper for me.I always expect quality and convenience from Black n' Red and this is what I am getting with these notebooks. In addition to the 192 lined sheets you get a date planner, 3 year calendars, a personal info. sheet, various conversion tables, maps, time zones info., even the subway maps of 4 major US cities.Another positive: it fits well inside my laptop case.I am happy that my office supplies me with these notebooks. They look stylish and they are, in fact, well made, of good quality materials.These are very-well made and exactly as described.  The price was great and these are worth every penny!!  My only complaint was that they didn't come in different colors.I bought this at a sale price, don't know what I will do with it, I buy the smaller size for my journals and have found them to be of decent build quality and a nice finish to the paper for this price range.These lined books could be used for journals or types of record keeping. And are a good value.Solid notebook that even manages to look good. I would have prefer for it to be a little wider, but it is a good size for the use is intended for. The price a little steep, but the delivery to my door, makes up for that. Notebook can be used for several tasks, pages are quality enough to where I can assume will withstand the passage of time. 4 Stars.I've tried them all - Levenger, Rhodia, Moleskine. For the purposes I use this, this one beats them all. Note: I am a fountain pen and felt-tip user, so this matters to me. My planner is Moleskine and won't ever give that up - but this is in a different class. I have not been impressed with Rhodia overall.This has great hard-cover casebound binding, looks neat when all notebooks are lined up post-use in your &#34;library&#34;, and you can write on the spine with an extra-fine Sharpie if you need to label it externally.Works so well for me! Only hope: make narrow-ruled ones; these are standard ruling and pretty wide!!!I have been carrying this book for over a year to daily business meetings, and despite it being opened and closed multiple times a day, the binding is still in excellent condition.  I will be buying another one shortly, as this one is almost full.  Great value - highly recommended.This is the basic Black 'n Red casual notebook. Nothing fancy but you get the expected B'n R quality.- (double) Spiral bound - it lays flat- One sheet with 'personal info', 'guide to contents' and 'important contact details' sections on the first page and world map with time zones and conversions on the second.- 70, easily detachable lined sheets (140 pages)- The elegant Black 'n Red hard coversWhenever I'm taking notes on 'paper', which I must do from time to time, I love doing it on Black 'n Reds.I like it - I bought one, and then I ended up buying another because it's what I am looking for.It is small enough to bring with me when going on rounds at the hospital and has a hard cover making it easy to write when no tables are available.My only complaint is that after awhile, the perforated pages sometimes start to rip a bit, so you may unintentionally rip a page out. I haven't accidentally ripped a full page out, but I can see it coming in the near future.Any time I can avoid plastic, vinyl or any other petrolium distillate product, I'm happy. So I buy the paper and cardboard Red N Blacks which make excellent journals!!! Been using them since the 1980s.One of the things I like about Black n' Red notebooks is the paper they use.  It is particularly nice when I use a fountain pen because if feels scratchy without being scratchy in the slightest.  In addition, the ink dries quickly and doesn't spread out or bleed.This particular version, twin wire, is nice because it lies flat, either fully open or folded back on itself.  Also, even though the pages are perforated and tear out cleanly I've found they stay in until I remove them on purpose.I love the quality paper, the hardback cover, and even the larger rings that allow me to keep my pen inside the binder. The lines on the paper are a light gray. When copying/scanning the paper, the lines barely appear, allowing the notes, drawings, etc. avoid distraction.  Overall a GREAT notebook that makes note-taking very enjoyable and convenient.This notebook has multiple plusses:* Quality paper. (Made in Germany)* Spiral binding, which allows writing on the "back" side first, which is helpful for left-handed people.* Thin spirals, which are helpful for left-handed people.* Hard binding, which allows writing without a desk.* Nice perforation on each page for ripping out smooth-edged pages.Anytime you buy a spiral notebook there's always the risk of the spiral on either end becoming a sort of "knife" that can actually draw blood, lol, or the serrations are such that the pages come apart easily. Neither is the case with this particular notebook (and maybe why it costs more). I like hardcover notebooks (they tend to last longer, IMO), so this was perfect. I like that just a slight tug on a page doesn't make the page separate from where it's serrated. The paper itself is just thick enough you don't have see-through issues (though of course I'd imagine a heavy black marker would obviously show through, unless the paper was at least 24 lb), and the pages have a slight sheen to them. I'm a notebook nut (I have a notebook for everything--bill paying; computer-related issues; things to do; daily diary/journal; technology-related matters; my Comcast 24/7 tech support I pay for every month, which pays for itself after just one call; health-related--so I'm pretty picky about my notebooks).I like it well enough I think I'll stick with this particular brand/type, and would recommend it to others.I LOVE sheet protectors. I LOVE to Cook too! But I am your basic &#34;Oscar Madison&#34; (a sl*b) and I spill things and sent flour flyiiiing. So these HEAVY DUTY sheet protectors are a blessing!! They don't wilt under pressure or get crinkly or ripple-y when (slightly) wet. These are KEEPERS. And no, they were not bent or crammed into the back of the box -- like they were for one reviewer -- perhaps it was an accident at the factory?I consider myself a Sheet Protector connoisseur, since I save little articles and other pieces of paper which would otherwise get bent and faded (and lost), so sheet protectors and binders are my FRIENDS. I have used crystal clear ones, matte ones thin thin uber-flimsy ones and more substantial ones. I have used thick ones that were TOO thick, but these Wilson Jones Heavy Weight Top Loading Sheet Protectors are JUST RIGHT!! Not bulky but exactly what I need. Yes they are a bit pricey but IMHO, they are worth it.And in a pinch they make a nice protective &#34;Frame&#34; for something you want to hang on your wall or bulletin board.I generally order the budget version of sheet protectors.  These are much nicer.  They seem roughly twice as heavy as budget protectors, and seem well constructed.  They are smooth, as compared to the cheaper models that usually have a texture.  I tried the non-glare as well as the clear protectors, and prefer this clear model, the paper inside seems easier to read.I am a long-time user of sheet protectors. I mainly use these for my personal papers such as insurance policies and such. I can quickly add to them as well as view the paperwork. I keep them in a three ring binder... nice and neat! These heavy duty protectors are a real improvement over some of the thinner variety that I have encountered. They do not rip open when adding to them. Another nice feature is that they are clear on both sides. Some protectors have a &#34;hazy&#34; back. I even like the nice box! Well worth the price!I wanted these for the recipe collection I am making.  By placing each recipe in a protector I can take it out of the binder and use it in the kitchen without worrying about it getting wrinkled, stained, sticky, etc.  They work great. I was making chocolate cake and spilled some of the batter on the recipe.... wiped clean with a damp cloth.  These were exactly what I needed!We go through a ton of sheet protectors in my house.  My wife teaches, and uses them to sort her lesson plans and keep track of worksheets, quizzes, etc.  We've had other brands which have torn at the seam, are cloudy, or are just...junk.  These from Wilson Jones are of high quality, they're clear, and they are durable.These are great sheet protectors--heavy enough to look good and be durable, but not so thick that they make a binder overly bulky (some of the heavyweight protectors are just *too* heavy). The clarity is great--no texture or matte finish to interfere with reading even fine print.I also use them in our commercial building and at craft fair booths to give temporary paper signs a more finished, professional look. It's faster and easier to swap out changes than laminating, and a printed sign in a protector just looks a lot nicer than paper and tape flopping around and curling up. Sounds silly, but if something's out of order, a nice sign makes it less objectionable than a hand-scrawled or curled and rumpled scrap.I also use them in the car whenever I need to print out directions--keeps directions tidy and from blowing away when you need them.I really like these. They are heavy duty and clear. I go through them like crazy, using them for recipes at work.I used these to put over the photo pages I created in my computer. They look great and the original photos are safe in my cloud, so if anything gets spilled on or destroyed I can reproduce the page and slip it into the protective sheet. They are thick and sturdy, a perfect way to preserve any document or photo.Sheet protectors are something that not everyone needs. However when you do need them, you want them to be good, and these from Wilson Jones are just as good as all the other W-J products I have come to know and trust over the years. Great value for money too!I don't know why these are classed as heavy weight protectors. The covers towards the back of the box were jammed up against the box itself, and were bent and floppy. When taking the covers out of the box, you are presented with a smooth surface, which makes cleaning up spills very easy. This is extremely useful in a kitchen setting, when you end up dropping ingredients onto your recipe pages. They do function as necessary, but are way too thin for me to consider them heavy duty.Wilson Jones is a reliable brand.  The plastic doesn&#8217;t smell; Its surface is smooth and doesn&#8217;t smudge easily.  Top loading makes it easy to use even when attached to the binder &#8211; good access.  The sheet protectors can easily hold about 5 pieces of paper. The binder holes are nicely reinforced by a strip of thicker plastic.These sheet protectors are useful and of great quality. They are of 3.3 mil thick (my digital caliper measured around 3 mil) and make sheets appear more sturdy to abuses. It is very easy to slide a 8.5&#34; x 11&#34; sheet into them since they are non-stick. I use them to protect my 8x10 photos and my kids' certificates knowing that they are archival safe and acid-free. They come in a protective cardboard box of 100.The only problem I have with them, if you call that at all, is that they are a rather tight fit for a 8.5&#34; x 11&#34; sheet. If you try to put a slightly larger sheet, or a few sheets into the same protector, it might not fit. However, putting a single sheet in is easy due to the non-stick feature, and they are sufficient tight that the sheet won't fall out.These are good well made sheet protectors, not flimsy or shoddy like some others I've tried. They're easy to use, good and clear. For non-glare get the non-glare kind, which are also very good and well made. I like this company and have had excellent results with their notebooks as well.I use a lot of sheet protectors, specifically for recipes in a kitchen cookbook.  The sheet protectors allow me to keep the printed recipes relatively protected from spills and splatters so that I can have a conveniently organized recipe book without having to constantly replace papers.  I always need a few more sheet protectors, though, as my recipe collection expands, plus over time some sheet protectors get so grimy (despite wiping) as to need replacement.  That's where this product comes in!These claim to be &#8220;heavy weight&#8221; and as far as I can tell after comparing them to my standard weight protectors, they are a bit thicker.  I'm not sure, however, that they are so much heavier as to justify their increased price from the standard ones (they are, however, competitive with other brands for their weight as far as I can tell).  Either way, they are decent page protectors, and work well.  I was even able to fit five pages in one comfortably (not sure why you'd want to, though).  Size-wise, they are the same size dimensions as every page protector I've ever bought before, so nothing new there.  The holes for the binder are made of a slightly heavier plastic than the main body, which can help prevent tearing, so that is much appreciated.Well, there's not much more to say.  These are decent page protectors if you really want heavy weight ones, but I'm not sure they are so much more protective than standard weight as to justify their cost.  They perform well though, so I can't really complain!These sheet protectors are the best you can buy in my opinion. They are thick and durable so you can use and reuse them. They also have a firm quality about them so they don't slide around in the binder or wrinkle.I enjoy clear sheet protectors because it gives your project a really sharp look. If you are buying them for an art or presentation binder, these are the ones to get. They can be used for everyday stuff too, and hold up to a lot of use and reuse - unlike some I've had that are so thin, they rip when you take items in and out of them.The price for 100 is good, not as cheap as some of the other brands, but I would say the quality is worth it, especially if you are trying to make something to show others like an art portfolio or presentation book.I use these clear pockets to hold all sorts of stuff.I use them to organize my papers instead of folders so I can see what's inside.  I like this version/brand better than some others because this one is Heavy Weight so the plastic won't rip when I stuff things into it.These are really nice, quality top-loading sheet protectors. I use sheet protectors to keep my knitting patterns in. This not only protects my knitting patterns, but it also allows me to use a dry erase marker on the sheet protector to mark my place on the pattern. They work great for this. Where some sheet protectors come apart at the seams sometimes when trying to insert sheets into them, I haven't had this happen with these and I don't expect it to.I'm a picky page-protector girl..and you should be picky, too!Cheap page protectors feel cheap. They break easily and are harder to see through. These are quality. There are likely thicker page protectors for super heavy use, but these will work for most people and last years. If you have concerns about glare making your inserts less visible the Non-glare versions are the same quality:Wilson Jones Heavy Weight Top-Loading Sheet Protectors, Non-Glare, 100/Box (W21413)). I love having these sturdy boxes to hold my protectors for when I need them. It's smart to have page protectors on hand for those unexpected needs.Feel free to ask questions below. Thanks to anyone who clicks YES that this was helpful.These are a fine weight, but not as heavy weight as other page protectors I have used. If you constantly pull paper in and out, they might not be your top choice, but I find they are perfect for my needs which are more long term single use--not pulling pages in and out often. They are a good option for the price point and will suit most needs, but don't expect the weight of say a baseball card protective sheet with almost rigid plastic. They are more flexible and thinner which allows for more to be placed in a binder which suits my needs well.These heavy weight sheet protectors feel nicely secure and provide a beautiful, clear view with no glare for both documents and pictures.  In addition, none of the smaller materials we were sliding into the top-loading sheets today caught or snagged on the edges, no matter the age or condition of the document. Nor did they stick to either side.  The product states that it is archival safe and acid free, which is what we need with the memorabilia we are storing away.The only reason I'd give the sheets 4 1/2 instead of 5 stars is that they are closely cut to fit just the 8 1/2 x 11 inch size promised and while you want things to fit snugly and not move around once in place, it does make it a bit more difficult for manuvering the documents that are exactly that size into place (for 8 x 10 pictures there is no issue).  However, given the quality of the sheets, they are worth taking the time to use properly to ensure that your memories stay in place, stay secure, and last.There isn't much to differentiate top loading sheet protectors.  These are well made.  They do not come creased, damages, or in any other way unsuitable for presentation.  They are thick, sturdy, and suited to hard use.  I sometimes use them to hold knitting patterns, and if the pattern requires a special accessory -- beads, ribbons, buttons, whatever -- those get stored in the sheet protector as well.  These have held up to such use without any trouble.  They show fewer stress lines than average after such atypical use.What strikes me is that there is very little cling.  Most sheet protectors I have used has a bit of a static cling holding them closed.  These glide open very easily and do not stick together.  That makes for a more elegant, sophisticated presentation.These are my go to sheet protectors from now on.What I liked best about these is that they are perfectly clear, unlike some others I have seen that have a matte look and texture to them.  The matte ones work fine as sheet protectors, but I just find them less desirable because I use sheet protectors for other things than the intended use sometimes.  I use them also as make shift transparencies, I also use them in crafts.As far as being called &#34;Heavy Weight&#34;  I don't really see that.  I've seen other brands (and have some) that are way thicker plastic than these are.  Perhaps they will hold up to just as much abuse or more than the recommended amount of pages stuffed in them.  But in fairness I've seen sheet protectors that were much flimsier too.  I'd rate these as somewhere in the middle.Overall I like these well and I have no real criticisms.These are some quality sheet protectors. Nice and sturdy, not flimsy like others I have used. Would definitely recommend these for whatever project you may be needing them for.These sheet protectors are well made. Although the brand is Wilson Jones, the product is from the trusted office supply company ACCO. The sheets are of a reasonable thickness as described in the product name &#34;heavy duty&#34;. Much better than the flimsy sheet protectors sold by Target during the back to school event. Comparing to other similar products, I would say that the Avery sheet protectors are easier to use thanks to its &#34;easy loading&#34; design (I guess that design is patented). However once the pages are inserted I think the Wilson Jones products are as good as Avery for protection.These sheet protectors have held up well, even with daily use and frequent page changes. They don't stick together, and after the first use the sheets slides easily in and out. These will give you glare from lights, so if you will be using these on stage I would recommend the Wilson Jones Heavy Weight non-glare sheet protectors - http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0000Y7E2SHave you ever had one of those valuable sheets of paper that is used  a lot? It gets ragged, someone spills coffee on it. It gets torn. You know what I'm talking about.If what is written or printed is never updated or changed, it probably should be laminated.If it needs to be updated or finished in the field, then a sheet protector is the solution.These Wilson Jones sheet protectors are 100% transparent. They fit 8.5" x 11" sheet perfectly. Legal sized paper can be folded to fit, and if it is printed on one side, the folded portion of the page is visible from the back. These "heavy weight" protectors are actually a little thinner than some sheet protectors, but adequately durable for most applications.They will not tear. They have 3 hole punches on a  side flap so they fit in most 3 ring binders. If you need to update the sheet inside, it easily slips out the top for the change. For a temporary change, you can write on the protector itself with a grease pencil or a dry erase marker.I always keep a supply of these in my office.Heavy weight pages are much sturdier than the lighter weight ones. I'm considering replacing the lighter weight pages I have because these are so much nicer. The only disadvantage I can see of the heavy weight is that in that they are thicker, your notebook will hold fewer pages. These are glossy which looks sharp and I can't imagine the gloss being a problem unless you were in a situation with very bright focused lighting. I noticed that the box pictures says there are 30 extra. The box I received just has 100, no 30 extra, so you can't count on receiving those extra 30.I use these much more frequently than I thought I would. Like others have pointed out, they are a valuable asset in the kitchen. I have some old family recipes passed down from my mother in her hand writing and I always worried about ruining them with a spill. They are now nicely protected and, because these protectors are acid free, I'm not worried about them being damaged.I also use them for crafting. I make my own greeting cards and I have a lot of small scrap pieces of paper that I put away for use another day. These are perfect because they are strong enough to hold a lot of scraps and I can easily see what is inside.I also use them to store photographs and important papers.I'm not sure what they mean by &#34;heavy weight&#34;. I've seen, and used, heavier protectors but these get the job done just fine.These are very nicely made and easy to use.  Honestly not different from other brands I have used.  This product type seems to have few meaningful differences between major brands.I have a dozen or so binders filled with articles and projects encased in sheet protectors. I have purchasednumerous boxes of sheet protectors from Office Depot and Staples and usually opt for the light weightprotectors.These are considerably thicker and more heavy duty than what I normally use and much clearer. Thesewould be a great choice either for presentation quality or archival saving.Excellent quality sheet protectors.The page protectors are some of the best I've ever had. They are well constructed of heavy duty plastic and the edge that goes into the binder is well sealed and sturdy. I use these for storing my growing collection of mail art post cards and envelopes.I use Sheet Protectors regularly for a number of documents.  Basically, sheet protector are used for documents that I intend to may keep for years (Mortgage, etc.) and I wish to prevent them from getting dusty, discolored, degrading in quality (such as bills and register receipts) or lost.I have tried various types of thickness from Staples, Office Max and Office Depot (before they merged).  This is one of the best I have tried in its category.Pros:Easy to open!Holds at least 10 sheets easily without changing shape;Doesn't get creased, bent or tear.Cons:Price in some cases is significantly higher to competitors depending on if you purchase from online or at physical store, as of today's price it sells for $19.33 and offers free shipping, if you place an order with a combined total of $35.00 of Amazon Qualified Purchases.Since Amazon doesn't carry Office Depot's 3.3 100 count Sheet Protector, I went to Office Depot's website -Item # 624900 today's current online price is $15.79 plus shipping.  However, when I was at the store in the past month, it was much more than the online price at $19.99.  As of fall 2013, Staples raised their brick and mortar store's price by $5.00 to $19.99 or 25% higher in my area, so the nearby Office Depot store followed with a matching increase several months later.Amazon does carry Office Max's 3.2 100 count Sheet Protector at $14.99 plus $4.95 shipping.One must consider that the price of oil based products are increasing in price as oil goes higher, but considering that this isn't being put into your gas tank, I think this product has a high profit margin for most office supply companies (I don't know this as fact).If you are a consumer that is price sensitive, I think you might be happier with Office Depot's version; however, I think this is modestly better quality than its 3.2 or 3.3 mil thick competitors, it is high quality product.  If you do presentations, this will protect your charts, etc. with integrity.I download a LOT of sheet music for reviewing and for sharing with some of my piano students. I want to preserve the music and am putting together binders using the sheet protectors to put the music pages back-to-back. These sheet protectors are heavy-weight enough to be very durable, but they are also crystal-clear for easy reading and allow for easy page turns while playing. Ink from the printed pages does not stick to these protectors and they are acid-free. I think they'll be great for my project!I got these for keeping pedigrees in.  I keep them organized in sheet protectors stored in a binder.  Everything is neat, clean & professional.  When an animal sells, I include a copy of the pedigree in the sheet protector.  It is a nice way to present the pedigree & helps protect it while dealing with handling animals.These are listed as heavy weight.  They seem as thick as my other protectors.  I have encountered protectors so thin they are like saran wrap, so maybe that's what they mean by heavy weight.  The super thin saran wrap type protectors are near worthless.I'm thrilled with both the clear & the non-glare "heavy weight" sheet protectors.  They perform exactly the way I need them too.I really never thought I would be raving about an office supply, but these are like magic.  They are good, sturdy sheet protectors that, somehow, I can get the paper into without also being easy for the paper to fall out of.Zero frustration.If you're old school like me and everything isn't residing in the cloud or stored electronically, these keep paper artifacts beautifully! I've been through my share of sheet protectors that suck the print right off the page. Things have improved significantly through the years and this is one of them.I like the heavier weight and the protection they provide. I store more printed pages than photographs and I'm very happy with product and will continue to use them for my storage needs.Heavy weight is the only way to go when you want to protect those precious photos, important documents, etc.  And these protectors are acid free and non-stick.  You want to make sure what you are placing in something like this is not going to damage those precious memories or documents.And if all you want is something to protect that speech or the presentation notes, this is also a great way to go.  You won't flip two or three pages at a time as you might with something light weight.  And you won't have trouble reading through the protector or have that annoying glare you might with other types.These fit the bill when you need protection, longevity, safe storage or just something to keep those notes in for a few days.  You can't go wrong with this product.I've been using these Wilson Jones Heavy Weight Top Loading Clear Sheet Protectors, which I prefer over the non-glare kind, because I sometimes use them for my photo albums, which have the 3 rings in them, so these are perfect.You can use them for photo albums, because they are archival safe and acid free, and the print won't stick to them, so your photos won't deteriorate.I normally either use a piece of scrapbooking paper behind the photo, or a colored piece of heavier weight copy paper, then the photo, then I place all of it into the sheet protector.  These work perfectly for 8 X 10 photos, and are definitely cheaper than photo pages, which I have a mix of these as well as photo pages that have individual pockets, for smaller photos.These sheet protectors are of a nice weight, definitely heavier than your standard sheet protectors, which is nice if you are going to have to take things in and out of them.If you are planning to use these for documents, they will hold more than one piece of paper, and do seem to be durable.  I also use these sheet protectors for scrapbooks too.I like that they come in a box of 100, which is more than enough for whatever I plan to use them for, be it documents or photos.I use sheet protectors a lot- for everything from my knitting patterns to recipes.Excellent quality. I'll buy this brand again!These sheet protectors are indeed heavy weight. They are very tough and durable, so they be reused over and over again. The 3 holes on the tab of each protector are reinforced so the binder rings won't rip through them.The sheet protectors have PERFECT clarity so they're very well suited for use in environments where glare isn't a problem. If you think glare might be a problem, consider getting theseNon-Glare Wilson Jones Heavy Weight Top-Loading Sheet Protectorsinstead.The sheet protectors are also perfectly sized. They extend about 2mm past the top edge of a letter size paper, which will ensure that the top edge of the paper is well-protected.I use these sheet protectors with mybag sealerto make custom pockets for my Cokin camera lens filters, coin collection, and other smaller items that I want to protect from scratches or from dirt and dust.---These Wilson Jones Heavy Weight Sheet Protectors will provide more-than-adequate protection for your important documents. They may be a little pricey, but I think they're well worth the money.My husband and I play music so we use allot of these sheet protectors. Needless to say when we saw how durable these are we will be using these from now on :)You can put two letter-sized pages in back-to-back and save them in a three-ring binder. My daughter uses these for school projects and I use them to hold contact sheets together with my film negatives. They're acid-free and safe for archiving, which is a nice bonus.Got these to preserve my 2 young daughters' masterpieces. So many watercolors and crayon portraits! We decided to give them each a binder and sheet protectors so they can create their own portfolio.I like to keep things in binders and use a lot of sheet protectors.  Lightweight ones work well for recipes printed from the internet, but heavy ones are necessary for keeping my product manuals and receipts organized.  These are good for that and none have torn yet.I also use these when baking by cutting them into strips and using them to line tins for individual mousses, piping chocolate, etc.These are high-quality sheet protectors. Basically, each one is a clear, thin, plastic sleeve that you can put papers into, with a tab along one side, so you can insert it into a three-ring binder. They're pretty nice, not flimsy at all. The plastic is fairly heavy, so they should do a great job at keeping your papers from getting rumpled or stained. Great for keeping recipes secure, or for holding pages you've clipped from a magazine, or even for schoolwork. Stick them in a binder, maybe add some tabbed dividers, and you're totally organized!The only flaw is the fact that the plastic is ever-so-slightly milky. It's still transparent, but it has a slight cloudiness that blurs the contents ever so slightly. It's barely worth mentioning, but it did bother me a little. It may be linked to the heavyweight plastic, since the thin, flimsy sheet protectors I have are 100% transparent, with no cloudiness whatsoever.Overall, this is a great product. Four stars and definitely recommended for anyone who needs sturdy sheet protectors.Although I was unimpressed with the Wilson Jones 3-ring binders, their clear sheet protectors fare better. They are said to be archival safe and acid-free, which I like. They are also described as non-stick, so that inkjet and photocopied documents can be inserted with no worries. I have had problems along those lines with sheet protectors in the past, so this is a selling point for me. These protectors are called &#34;heavy weight&#34;, though they seem thinner than others I've used. The reinforced area along the left edge could stand a bit more reinforcement if you expect to repeatedly refer to your protected documents. Standard 8 1/2 X 11&#34; sheets are easily inserted through the top and fit sufficiently tightly, so documents probably won't be falling out. I should mention that, in my experience, ring binders loaded with sheet-protected documents should not be stored in an upright position like books; the sheet protectors tend to sag and become distorted, and may even tear.All in all, the Wilson Jones Sheet Protectors are not a bad choice, but here's the main issue: Avery Sheet Protectors are better made (in my opinion) and lower in price. It might pay to shop around.These are perfect for the many knitting patterns that I collect! So much better than the discount store variety, even if they are pretty expensive in proportion. These are nice, clear, and heavy weight. Surely good for office work, etc. I am very happy to have received these for review, and will use them for a very long time.I've been using these sheet protectors to organize everything from recipes to articles to scraps from my crafts.  I created a notebook using these sheets in which we organized all of our product maintenance manuals, warranties, and receipts.  I don't know why it took me so long to finally invest in a box because just when I think I can't find another use for them, I find another reason to pull the box off the shelf and start sorting through some more items.  At this rate, I'll have no more excuse to be so disorganized.Not a very high tech product, but nothing beats a good quality sheet protector.  These are not the heaviest sheet protectors out there but they are a good weight and seem to be durable.I use sheet protectors regularly and for all kinds of reasons: business and school reports, recipes (easy to store and keeps them mess free), as an ad hoc dry erase refrigerator message center, storing and organizing patterns, swatches and instructions, etc. My current favorite is to use them to haul around copies of my current knitting project instructions. I particularly like these protectors because they are thick enough not to wrinkle or crease when bowed or slightly bent, but thin and flexible enough to fit into my ever changing knitting bags. These are great !Please not here, I'm not suggesting that one would store valuable and/or rare documents in these sheet protectors.  While they might be tolerable for keeping originals and certainly better than nothing, significant papers should be stored flat in archival quality, special purpose boxes.However, I do have some old delicate copies of notes my mother made that I want to both scan and keep.  These top loading sheet protectors turned out to be perfect for the purpose.  I was able to load the letter sized papers easily.  They scanned easily and clearly, then I was able to put them away flat to avoid the possibility of future damage due to frequent handling.By coming in boxes of 100 it provided me with more than necessary for my immediate needs, which is better when caught up in a project than running out in the middle.The Wilson Jones Heavy Weight Top-Loading Sheet Protectors in Clear, 100 Count Box have a word in the title that should be underlined.  "Heavy Weight."  They are extremely professional and heavy.  Indeed, the 3.3 mil thickness and acid free, archival safe material makes these sheet protectors a far cry from the lesser quality ones you likely used as a student twenty years ago.These protectors are ideal in a professional environment where you want a quality product to cover your professional printing.Honestly, whether presenting documents, a portfolio, or storing letter size printed images, these protectors simply feel good to use and makes your content that much more tangible.  Somehow, the quality and thickness makes you more interested in the content. You want this in a professional setting, and you may very well want that for projects and family keepsakes too.I keep a binder with car maintenance, and I like to keep all the receipts and paperwork in sheet protectors.  Sure, these are a bit higher quality than needed for my purpose, but it is still a good value considering this is a box of 100.You will find you fight these less than the much thinner ones you might find at a discount department store too. They do not tend to bend or fold over on you.Overall, these are high quality protectors and the 100 count makes it a good value.  I won't run out too soon.I am currently not using them to preserve paper documents, but I am using them to store 8x10 photos. Each pocket can hold two photos back-to-back and makes a great album.Pre-drilled holes are convenient for filing them. Plastic sheet material appears quite good.Overall, I am happy with this product and have no complaints.I do a lot of scrapbooking and am always looking for good sheet protectors that are acid free and archival safe.  These are the clear version.  They are very thick; I can hold one up in one hand and it almost stands straight up without flapping over.  They have three reinforced holes on the side to put in a binder and a notch at both the top and bottom so the page turns easier.  I use 8 1/2 x 11" paper or I cut down paper to insert in the sheet protector.  The pre-cut paper has approximately 1/8" inch "wiggling" room.  When I cut down a larger piece of paper (like a 12 x 12) to fit into an 8 1/2 x 11" sheet protector sometimes (ok, lots of times) it doesn't fit so I have to re-cut it.  With these sheet protectors even if I cut the piece a tad bigger it will still go into the sheet protector (yay!).  The pages do not cling to the sheet protector when I'm trying to put them in.  I also use heavy weight paper back to back and it works great in these sheet protectors.I think these heavy weight sheet protectors are the best of the best.  I have others that that light weight and a tad narrower so the page has to be squeezed in or re-cut.  I don't know what other good stuff to say about them; I'll check back in 50 - 100 years to let you know if they really are archival safe; lol.and these sheet protectors fill the bill. I've used sheet protector for years for my recipe binders but I never cared about the quality or their being acid free until now. I used to buy them at discount, in dollar stores, etc. since all I cared about was convenience and protection from splatters.Recently, a friend lost over 500 GB of family photos when his external hard drive failed. (He has sent it to a service that might be able to salvage something for big $$$, let's see how that goes). Anyway, it has brought to my front burner something I've been considering for years: making prints and real, old-fashioned albums out of my many digital scans and captures so I can leave something physical for my grandchildren. I know how much I value my old family photos and have always worried that, somewhere down the pike 'jpg' may not be something that my grandchildren can view (assuming the hard drives don't fail before then and future computers can still read them (remember floppy disks?)What I'm doing is going through every folder on every hard drive and selecting the best images to print. I have four big three ring binders: one for us; one for my son; one for my daughter; and one for "others" (photos I print to give away to people who appear in them). The top size I will print is 8x10 (which fits in the sheet protector), some 5x7's and most are 4x6. Each sleeve (sheet protector) becomes the storage for a bunch of photos for an event, date, or category and I have some sleeves with only one photo but some contain more than 15 of various sizes. These sleeve protectors are heavier-duty than the usual and the holes don't strain or stretch because they are full/heavy.At this point, I am in select, edit, and print mode. I haven't yet hit the 1/4 done mark, and haven't even started to make albums, so the photos will need to stay there for a long while and it's a relief to know that they are well protected and won't lose quality. The whole project may take a couple of years (or more) and, since neither printing nor archival albums are inexpensive, I have to pace myself and budget.  But I'm glad that--at last--I started and that I found these sleeves that give me  peace of mind.I have used many different brands of sheet protectors over the years and these Wilson Jones Clear Heavy Weight Sheet Protectors are actually one of the best. I made family history books with photographs of relatives starting in the 1890's. The books took forever to make and being able to slide the 8.5 inch by 11 inch photographs and histories inside the protectors without the inkjet inks on thick semi gloss photo paper smudging was a huge plus.The protectors being made of non-stick polypropylene prevents any ink smudging which is great for anyone who is archiving ink jet ink photographs. Also great is that these heavier 3.3 mil thick protectors are acid free making them archival safe. I had been using Standard Sheet Protectors which are 2.4 mil, as weight was an issue in the huge books I was making for our relatives. I found smudging was a real problem in some of the other brands of sheet protectors I was using when inserting photographs, so I found it best to use these sheet protectors, if for only just the photographs.I also use sheet protectors for many other things besides family history and photographs. I use them for archiving magazine articles on collectibles, home-made cookbooks, fabric swatches for my crafting and for holding dress patterns. Over the years, I found the Clear Sheet Protectors are the best for not just photographs, but for everything. The Non-Glare Sheet Protectors have a textured filmy look, which detracts from the pages. Just for the acid free, non stick, clear viewing and sturdiness of these Wilson Jones Heavy Weight Top Loading Clear Sheet Protectors, they definitely earn 5 Stars.These heavy gauge, acid free sheet protectors work great for both archival and convenient working storage of documents of all kinds.  I use these for storing quick reference sheets of frequently used codes and formulas.  The originals remain clean and are protected from being bent, torn, damaged, etc.These don't look like they're going to fall apart easily.  The plastic isn't super heavy, but it's heavy enough to be sturdy.  They're acid free and non-stick, so you can store archival material in them with an easy mind.  Yes, they cost a bit more than the average sheet protector, but honestly, in this case you get what you pay for.  If you have important documents you need to store, these are what you should try.I made the mistake of ordering the cheapest protectors I could find last time and I ended up regretting it. The pages were hard to load and the slide all over. These protectors are great. They are thick enough to load easily. They are perfectly clear. No worries they'll rip out of a binder. Great buy.These sheet protectors are great for so many things around our house. I use them for my recipe binder, all the actual hard-copies I rip from magazines. Pop them in a sheet protector and then into my binder. I can put it right on the counter while cooking and not worry about drips or spills. We also use them for the kids' artwork and school papers that we want to keep in their boxes. Easy to use and great quality!What can I tell you about these sheet protectors?  One main thing comes to mind: They are not HEAVY WEIGHT!  When I think of heavy weight I expect a heavy-grade thick plastic that will be more durable than their 'regular' counterparts.  What I received was thin standard sheet protectors that cannot be overloaded for fear of collapsing or tearing.They are used in our home for the purpose of the children's various reports throughout the year and as a catch all for my couponing when I am not in the mood to sort.  They are great for the reports if the actual papers are not over 10 sheets.  For individual sheets the plastic is rather thin and will only provide protection from smears or spills; not actual blunt objects.Recommend if you understand that these are just basic thin sheet protectors and not thicker.  IF you need them, then you will find they are perfect but do not expect them to be of a higher quality.I use tons of sheet protectors for various purposes: filing students' work, my daughter's school assignments, and my own personal documents. There are two things I look for in sheet protectors: clarity and heft. These Wilson Jones' Heavy Weight Sheet Protectors serve the purpose very well. They are:&#8226; clear&#8226; heavy weight so that they don't rip easily (having used the lighter ones in the past I know how inconvenient lesser quality sheet protectors can be)&#8226; the print of the document won't stick to these after a while which is also very important, especially when you're trying to remove a document from the sheet protector.&#8226; it's archival safe too; acid-free; and, top loadingAll in all, if you're looking for reliable quality sheet protectors, you can't go wrong with this.Perfect size for my Fellowes SB-99Ci shredder and could not find them cheaper than here on Amazon.com. Easy to install and remove when full. Completely satisfied and highly recommend.We use these plastic bags with the Fellowes Powershred PS-77Cs shredder.  Using some of type of bag with this shredder is a virtual necessity.  Without a bag, a complete mess occurs in the process of emptying the bin.  These bags do a suitable job of collecting the shredded paper.The bags fit comfortably in the shredder, although the top hangs over the front of the bin and is visible.  They do seem to be overpriced, considering that they are made of flimsy plastic.  I imagine someone could fabricate a suitable substitute bag for less money.  But since the cost is 25 cents per bag and a bag lasts us for several weeks, it really does not seem to be worth the time and effort to find a substitute.Definitely makes disposal of the shredder effluent a lot more tidy.  If you have a shredder--get the bags. 100 bags is roughly a two year supply for me.  My only complaint is that the complement of twist ties was spent before all of the bags were consumed.This is the perfect item to line my Fellows shredder with. It is light weight and seems quite durable. Highly recommend.These comes in a box of 100 small plastic bags in two rolls of 50 bags per roll. The bags are similiar in size to ones you can purchase in a grocery store or Lowes or Home Depot. They are hooked together with a perforation between the bags and are easily pulled apart. I purchased these bags at the same time as the shredder because I did not know if they were actually needed to catch the shreddings. They aren't. The bags are placed over the removable shredder bin and when the bin is pushed back into place you are left with a view of an ugly plastic bag. For office use the view is not a significant factor but if using at home in a location that is highly visible it may be worth considering the shredder use w/o the ugly bags on display. You really don't need any bags.You can get 100 of these ugly Fellowes bags for $25.96. Or, you can get 100 Glad bags of similiar size at Lowes for one half that amount. The main difference is that the Fellowes bags come packed with a supply of ties whereas the Glad bags have the ties built in, far more convenient and the bags are significantly less ugly. I give the Fellowes bags three stars for two main reasons. First, because they are ugly to begin with but also imprinted with black typeface in numerous languages which is an additional major contributor to their ugliness. Second, the price is outrageous and totally unwarranted.These bags are the ideal side for storing or disposing of the remains of shredded paper.  I store the shredded paper in my shed (be sure mice cannot get to it), and use around my tomato plants, etc. to control weeds in the garden.  works great.These bags have been a big improvement over NO bags we had before. Before we had to manually remove the shredded paper from the bin and put it into a paper bag. Then we'd staple the bag closed and clean up the mess all over the floor. Now we just pull out the full bag and put in a new one. Walla! no mess. I worried when we got these bags that they would get caught on the sides of the shredder or be pushed down with the paper. But nothing like this happened. It's nice to find something that makes life a little simpler.I have really been happy with this box of shredder bags. I bought them in 2009 and I am still using the original box of 100 bags. I am a petty "low" user of shredder bags I guess with my filling a bag only once every two weeks or once every one week if I have a lot of junk mail or do a lot of mailings myself.The "computer" asked me to comment on the durability of the bags. I only gave a rating of 3 stars to durability because my bags get little rips in them every time I remove them from the shredder. My shredder has a slight rough edge on the inside, but it is not that sharp and I do not think the bag should rip every time it hits that spot but it does.It fits my shredder fairly well, but will not go all the way to the front of the shredder and allow the shredder to close. I think this is a function of oversensitivity on the part of the shredder, not the bag. The bag is the usual bag with a slightly oblong opening in the top. What is not to fit? It fit my old shredder, just not this one. Yes, these bags have lasted me through two shredders. I am impressed.The bottom closeure is fine. It never comes undone.I am bad about using the ties provided with the bags. I usually just take the bag and twirl it around, then take the exposed top portion and tie it in a knot. Works well for me and is less effort than digging for the ties; however, I must state that 100 ties are provided. I use them to tie up tomatoes and Canteloupe vines. They work just fine in this alternate capacity.ADDITIONAL NOTE:I gave the bags only 4 stars bacause they tear a little more easily than I, personally think is reasonable. But that is just me. Otherwise, they are just fine. A pretty good deal, especially at the price!Guess that is about all for the bag. The bags are pretty tough, but not quite tough enough, well configured and seem to last forever. Sounds like a terrific deal to me. (Course I realize that if you use them pell mell, they will disapear faster), but 100 count is a good number for everyone. A good buy in my opinion. So, give them a try and just check for sharp edges on the inside of your shredder before you do. If the shredder has a smooth inside, you are ready to go with no problems. Buy on.ONE MORE THING: It is now April 2013 and I am just now putting in an order for more shredder bags. These lasted me two years!!! That is a great deal!Yes these are probably a bit more expensive than standard clear waste basket bags you can get however these do seem to fit my Fellowes 79ci shredder well. I like that they are clear so I can see if the shredder is filling up and although the shredder works fine using no bag at all and I can just dump it into the trash when the bin is full, I feel better about recycling the shreds. These bags make all that easier to do for me.The 100 pack will last me years and this also came with ties as well.I buy my Epson ink cartridges from Amazon.com because they have the lowest available price for genuine Epson cartridges and if you make sure you are buying from Amozon.com and not a sub-supplier, you can always get free freight.  If you do serious work and serious volume, genuine Epson ink is the ONLY way to go unless you want constant problems and headaches.When it comes to ink for my R1800 photo printer, I am concerned with the quality of the images I print. The Epson blue UltraChrome Hi-Gloss ink cartridge provides superior resistance to water, fading and smudging. It is important to me that my prints are of high quality, so I don't attempt to use the cheaper compatible ink cartridges. The color can be duplicated, but all inks are not created equal.  Third party options may produce a good print initially, but may not hold up or last as long.PROS:Provides superior resistance to water, fading and smudgingCONS:PriceAbsolutely would buy no substitutes for my Epson printer. These archival quality colors make photos that last. The colors are clear and not muddy, and perform perfectly on the chosen papers.If you like the quality of prints from your R800 printer, you're pretty much stuck with buying inks from Epson.  There are some hacks that will let you use other manufacturers, but if you care about color fidelity, you'll stay with Epson.  These inks give a nice painterly look and hold up nicely.  But Epson sure makes a nice margin.  Grit your teeth and pay.The ink cartridge is O.K. but the Epson R1800 printer is a huge ink hog. The Epson printer's that use this cartridge should all be recalled.I strongly suggest using the original mfg ink cartridge to avoid printer problems - this was excellent and will not disappoint youDigital photography is only as good as the printer one uses.  I have a great Nikon D70 but was getting terrible prints.  I researched printers and found the i9900.  Fantastic!  The prints are smooth as silk and wonderful.  Be sure and use Canon Photo Pro paper for the best print quality.  Be aware that the printer is large and takes up a bit of room (24 inches wide).  Not really desk size.  I also bought the Canoscan 9950F for scanning negatives into prints and it is also impressive.  So far I am sold on Canon products.The resolution and color with this full size (13 x 19) printer is excellent.  You can adjust the quality and print on all types of paper.The printer is a 5 star unit, but CANON's attitude toward LINUX insofar as driver support is terrible.  The printer has served me well, but the linux issue tends to make me think I might have preferred an EPSON.  I would never own a Hewlett-Packard printer because of terrible warranty support (several hundred in a school district).  So CANON or EPSON are my choices for photographic work.  I prefer CANON inks and they are easier to find than EPSON.The Canon i9900 is absolutely wonderful.  For home or business this printer produces high quality photos.  I have printe virtually every size photo, all the way up to 13x19 and have yet to be disappointed!  The 3 extra ink colors add that extra bit of quality to the photos.  I've printed many photos on my i9900, framed them, and proudly display them throughout my house.  For my children's sports I've taken tons of photos with my DSLR, printed them out on 4x6 Canon paper and distributed them to the kids in the photos (teammates).  Everytime I do this, the parents are always amazed when I tell them that I printed them out at home.If you get this printer, I highly recommend sticking with only Canon inks and Canon photo paper.  yea, the other stuff is cheaper, but you won't get the quality that you do with the geniune Canon supplies.  Of course I've not tried every generic photo paper out there, but I have tried several and compared them all to the Canon, and you can really tell the difference.for the price and quality you get with this printer, you won't be disappointed.  If you want/need to print photos larger than 8.5x11, then this is the printer for you!This, like all canon products, is superb. I owned this one for many years and only replaced it when the pixima i9000 mark II came out. Makes fantastic photo prints in 8x10 format. This is a reliable and accurate printer, great buy.Out of the box this printer gave me the best home printed pictures I have ever seen.  4x6 perfect!  11x19 almost perfect.  AND WOW IT IS FAST!  Still have not used it with RAW or photoshop but that's next.  This is my first non HP printer in years.tech info: G5 dual with pics taken on SLR fuji.I have been looking at this printer for some time, and finally had the opportunity to evaluate one, thanks to a client who provided me a new i9900 to print several architectural photos for a Home Show display. The photos were stunning and attracted a lot of attention. I had no problem with color shifts, having calibrated my monitor and used the Canon print drivers. I used a Mac G5 and Photoshop Elements. I printed approximately 55 - 8.5 x 11 (cropped to 7 x 10.5) and 32 - 13 x 19 photos. This calculates to approx 83 sq feet of photos. I used Canon inks and Canon Photo Paper Plus Glossy. Here are the stats for the ink usage for this project:Photo Magenta 4 cartridgesPhoto Cyan  3Yellow  2Cyan  1Magenta  1Black  1Red  2/3Green  1/4So ~ 13 cartridges of ink were needed to print 83 sq ft of photos. Assuming a cost of $12/cartridge, this means $156 to print 83 sq ft, or 12000 sq in. This is about 1.3 cents (.013) per square inch. So ink costs for an 8 X 10 would be $1.04, for a 13 x 19, $3.21.Now, the part that intrigued me, how would this printer perform printing black and white? For my source I used a 2 1/4 monochrome negative that I scanned. I imported the scan into Photoshop in grayscale mode. A direct print to 8.5 x 11 Kodak Ultima High Gloss looked quite good as far as color (compared to my darkroom print). However, I don't recommend this paper with this printer since the ink will smear if water contacts it. I tried printing the same negative on Canon Photo Paper Plus and was disappointed to find that the print was tinged with green. So I began checking the print settings and here is how to correct it so the green tinge disappears. Under Color Options, make sure Color Corrections is set to ColorSync (for Macs), or None. Under Quality and Media, make sure the Grayscale box is off (unchecked). Of course make sure the media type matches the paper you're printing on. This seems to make all the difference.Now the amazing discovery....I was checking to see how water-impermeable the Canon paper/ink combination was, so I used one of the green-tinged prints for my test. I found that by wiping the print with a damp soft cloth, the green tinge disappeared and a beautiful, neutral black and white print appeared!!!I'm not sure what is happening here, since if I wipe a color print on Canon paper, no smearing or color change is observed. I would be interested to know if those who have found magenta tints on their prints can wipe them and observe this.I have had excellent results using Konica Premium Silky paper with this printer (no smearing).The only problem I observed, was that when printing multiple 13 x 19 photos, I saw a small smudge of black ink in the upper left hand corner on some prints. This disappeared when I took a break and resumed printing.This is a class-act printer. Very quiet, and fast (compared to Epson). I will be buying one shortly, although I see that Canon may introduce some new printers this Fall with large format capabilities and new ink systems. I may just a while longer ....Works as promised. We are able to create a variety of very cool sticers off of this machine using just about any picture, etc.Wonderful product and makes my kids much happier than the sticker making machine we had bought previously (achieves much of the same effect, for less money and more reliably).My daughter and I were sharing one machine witch was hard when we both wanted to use it.  So got this one so we both have one.  I love this machine and it helps when we try to record all out cut outs and log them into a folderIdeal for creative children, they just need to be careful when handling it. Good for adults too. Does what it says.I make all my greeting cards and I couldn't live without this gadget. It is easy to refill and easy to use. My only gripe is that the refills don't last that long. Maybe they will figure out how to put more adhesive on the roll in the future.I realized that if you just wiggle the tape, and peel off the plastic, then insert whatever you have, then cover back the plastic, then press hard, its just the same as pulling it thru the 'machine'.I have been working on a project for my thesis and kept running into problem after problem when I found this little treasure. It turned all the little pieces of my project into easy to place stickers. It is so easy to use, I had my six year old join in to help. Since then, I have used this for all kinds of things around the house and the classroom. Ribbons, pebbles, paper, buttons, rhinestones, leaves, a worm... so many things have been turned into a sticker. I have no clue what will be put through it next but so far it has worked on everything we tried. I have even added a request for 4 more of these to my classroom wishlist as my students love to use this to make things for their writing papers.As one of the many office workers looking to avoid the "sitting death" decried by so many recent studies, I've been on the hunt for a way to lift my keyboard and mouse off the desk so I can stand while working. Most laptop stands are too narrow since they're designed for a laptop computer, not a full-sized keyboard and mouse (plus mouse pad). This device, while not perfect for the task, has come closest.The plastic is lightweight but sturdy and everything comes tucked neatly inside for maximum portability. One side slides off, revealing the collapsible legs and some other pieces within. The sliding piece then slides on the opposite side to form the tabletop - surprisingly, it forms a very stable platform. The legs, when fully extended, place the table at about hip level, which would work nicely for a laptop and compact projector setup. In the lowest position, the desk sits about a foot off my desk. This, for me, works out nicely as a standing configuration.I do wish I could adjust the angle of the top and that the legs collapsed a bit more compactly. And the document holder is too flimsy for me to use. But for the price, this has become my new worktop, keeping me moving during the day rather than sitting.This unit folds up so small and flat, that I love it for taking to presentations. The only caution I have is that it can get wobbly if you extend the legs to full length and the weight is not centered on the table. The legs store on the underside of the table and allows for a very compact table for a projector.For $30 this is a waste of money. What I like is the concept. The legs fit into the desk and you slide the cover over the desk and everything fits for travel perfectly. However, the quality of the material is poor as well as the way it all fits together. Every time I've used the table it wobbles. It won't hold a computer or project securely. I would not put anything over the weight of 2lbs on this thing. After it fell over with the projector on it I had to use two boxed on a chair to prop the projector up. Concept good, but look for something better if you are considering this. You won't be happy.I got this laptop stand primarily because the work-desk that I got to use this summer didn't have a keyboard tray, and I wasn't in a position to add one to it. I was looking into the solutions that would allow me most of the keyboard tray experience without having to spend too much money. This stand seemed to fit the bill, and I have been very satisfied with it. It is relatively cheaply built, but it gets the work done. When fully folded it is extremely compact, and it can easily fit in a largeish messenger bag. SEtting it up can be a bit annoying, as each leg has to be fitted separately. This makes it extremely hard to get the exact level surface with this stand. I would definitely not recommend using it on soft or uneven surfaces, such as thicker carpets. Once assembled though, it felt pretty sturdy. I have used it both as a laptop stand and as a keyboard tray. If you use it while sitting down you will not have too much room for your legs, so be aware of this when deciding whether to buy it.Overall, it performed more than adequately for my needs, but you really get what you pay for. I would still recommend it for casual and infrequent use, but if you rely on a laptop stand on a regular basis I would suggest that you look into soem other sturdier options.If you are often called upon to give group presentations you know the feeling of showing up to a lecture room that has no table for your laptop and projector. I've stacked up chairs to support my equipment and have even gone on scavenger hunts throughout the hotel trying to find something that will work. Well, that won't happen ever again because I now carry this little table with me wherever I go.Although this portable folding able is inexpensive it does the job. It's sliding top expands in order to give me enough room for my full sized laptop computer and a decent sized video projector. The range of height is adequate and the whole thing fits in my briefcase. It comes with some sort of funky, telescoping arm and clips that are meant to hold notes, I threw that away. Attaching the legs took a little getting used to but I can now put the thing together in less than a minute. I really love this little table and will be recommending to all of the professional presenters that I work with.This calculator is worth every penny.  I will never need another calculator.  I love the functions it offers.  It is worth the extra money for the professional version.I needed a financial calc but wasn't sure which to get.  I knew of the HP series but found them archaically obsolete with so many ridiculous keypresses you have to basically memorize through route repitition and they are quite slow. I didn't want that.  I wanted to use modern technology to assist me.  In this case, the BA2+ has an intuitive interface with the labels for keypresses appearing on the screen itself and scroll buttons to make your way through worksheets.  This allows for easy entry without having to memorize anything.  Finance can be difficult enough -- no need to make life harder for yourself.The functions are great, with everything you need.  I enjoy the algebraic entry mode such as using stacked parenthesis order of operation.  Coming from a TI-89, this is a very natural way of doing mathematics for me.Only negative I find is sometimes pressing a key rapidly doesn't register. I can't find any regular pattern to this so am unable to offer an explanation.WHO WOULD BUY THIS? The Texas Instruments Business Analyst II plus Professional (BA2+PRO) is the latest business calculator which would appeal to the demanding business user who wants features, functionality, solid construction and a calculator which has a really professional look.WHAT'S NEW? Compared to the BA2+, this 60% more expensive BA2+PRO "upgrade" offers several new functions like MIRR, NFV, Modified duration, payback, discounted payback.My first out-of-the-box impression of the BA2+PRO, is its large, clear and contrasty monochrome LCD display screen, this is a nice improvement over the TI BA II plus (BA2+).The BA2+PRO is quite nice to hold, it feels "heavy" and looks as solidly constructed as the HP12C, it would not slip on the desktop when user press the buttons and facilitates one or two index finger(s) operation. In contrast, most BA2+ users would have to hold the calculator on one hand while operating the calculator with the other.The buttons on the BA2+PRO are "harder" than its predecessor the BA2+. Users who are accustomed to the soft-touch BA2+ buttons will notice the difference. However, seasoned HP12C users would welcome the same "firm-touch" buttons on the BA2+PRO which is as tactile as the keys on their HP12C.Unlike the BA2+, battery replacement on the BA2+PRO is convenient, its sliding battery compartment is user-accessible without the need for a screwdriver to open the casing.With its contemporary design and its manufacturer supplied soft accessory "leather-like" case, the professional look of the BA2+PRO appeals strongly to the fashion conscious users.HOW DOES IT RANK AGAINST ITS' COMPETITORS?  I have recently purchased the BA2+PRO to complement my Hewett Packard 12C(HP12C) for my studies and professional examination.The newbie speed demon BA2+PRO surpasses the HP12C in processing speed for TVM calculations and its excellent user-friendly statistical worksheets plus many more added functions but it still NOT a comparable user programmable upgrade versus the HP12C/12cPlatinum.Both my HP12C and the state-of-the-art BA2+PRO are great  complements to each other. However, I would suggest to prospective users who intend to own and use both the BA2+PRO and the HP12C to do so only IF they are not confused by the functions, feel and the handling of the two different software and hardware form factor.The BA2+PRO is also smartly priced between the economically priced BA2+ and the more expensive HP12C/12c Platinum.Judging by the excellent work done on their BA2+PRO, TI seems capable to offer a highly specialized user expandable "equation solver" financial calculator which could rival the HP17BII+ or HP19BII series,IMHO.Although BA2+PRO users cannot program the BA2+PRO to solve and find the price of a European call option using Black-Scholes option pricing model but for a newbie, the BA2+PRO is already the deepest in-the-money financial calculator in its category.MY RECOMMENDATION for would-be owner of financial calculator who has a USD$60 budget, time and patience to learn only ONE business calculator, the BA2+PRO should be your best informed choice.Thank you for reading my user experience with the BA2+PRO.Worked out great for the class I was in. It did everything I needed for the class plus it can do much more. It is a sturdy calculator that can pass on to someone elseHave been a stalwart HP financial calculator user for over two decades...started with an HP41 in college with financial templates.  I always admired HPs for the durable build, ease-of-use (once you got over the RPN hurdle) and displays.  I finally needed to replace my over decade old HP 12C and the newer HPs simply do not impress me.  Cheaper (as in WAY cheaper!) build...the HPs that came from Malaysia were fantastic calculators...solid keystrokes, superior grade of plastics, the whole nine yards.  The newer HPs are made of a plastic that is a giant step backwards.  The keys are now laughable, no 'HP Feel' to them at all.I took all of this in and thought to myself, 'I guess everything is getting cheaper, nowadays...'.  Then I ran a NPV calculation at the store and was downright shocked to see it ran slower than my old HP.  The one thing I thought MIGHT save the purchase (i.e. cheaper plastic but faster processor) didn't happen.  I tried all of the newer HPs...the one display model of the OLDER HP12 (the non-Platinum model and still made in Malaysia) definitely runs TVM calculations quicker.  This is NOT how to impress old bankers with a new product.Time to check out the Texas Instruments BA II Plus Professional.  At first glance, to an old HP user, I thought it really LOOKED TI-ish; that is to say, very non-HP.  But upon pressing a key or two, I was impressed that TI at least made an attempt at obtaining the old 'HP Feel' to their keys.  Not as 'pretty' as HP's angled keys, but good tactile feedback and get this:  If you'll hold up the TI BA II PP horizontally and sight down the keys, you'll see they are actually angled!  Nice touch, TI.Nicely laid out TVM section (my only reason for owning a financial calculator, thus supremely important to me) and intuitive to boot.  Speed of calculation simply SMOKES current HPs...there is absolutely NO CONTEST.  A complex Internal Rate of Return took two to three seconds.  TI hasn't been simply sitting around and 'repackaging' anything; whatever is under the hood of this calculator is current and fast.The rest of the calculator is nicely laid out...keys are pretty much TI convention, which to me is different.  I miss a prominent ENTER key.Likes:  I like TI's 'CHAIN' calculation mode.  It's similar to RPN without the ENTER keystroke.  Remember this if this is your first financial calculator:  Most financial calculations are run in CHAIN or RPN mode (and, sadly, no, the TI doesn't support TRUE RPN), not the Algebraic Operation System (AOS).  To TI's credit, the calculator defaults to CHAIN calculation (for newbies, this just means that the calculator runs the operation AS IT IS ENTERED; NOT following Algebraic heirarchy of operations).  But it is nice that TI recognizes how financial people enter calculations and, unlike other TI calculators, AOS is NOT the default entry mode.Love the fact that the compounding rate is defaulted to 1, not 12 (HPs always default to 12).  Love the fact that interest is always entered as a whole interest number (it divides it for you, automatically).  Good, not great, manual.  Battery access is very easy.  Quality looks genuinely good, but time will be the only final arbiter on this one, but the product appears to be (in my highest compliment) equal to older HPs in every respect.Dislikes?  Quibbling ones to be sure, but the compounding rate mentioned above is a pain to get too; I must have looked 30 minutes in the manual to finally find it (hint: you have to use the Down Arrow key to roll through a series of selections to get it...and it's NOT the first choice).  Wish for (on all financial calculators, not just TI) normal AA or AAA batteries...why the manufacturers have to insist on the round, hearing aid style battery is beyond me.  I mean, really, how big is a AAA battery?Wish TI would step up to the plate and offer some mortgage/realty functions in a financial calculator without forcing a user to own 2 calculators.  Wish it were programmable, which is just a follow-on to the mortgage/realty/specialized functions.If TI offered this same model with enhanced functions, programmability and a normal battery, HP could give up the calculator market.As it stands, a worthy heir to the older HP calculators.  I'm sorry to see HP cheapen the product so badly, but TI will gain market share on this one.  A solid keeper.There comes a time when one must face reality and deal with the fact that the TI-84 Plus is today's standards and once you hit pre-Calculus, using any other brand, and some may be just as good, is an inconvenience and will cause the student to spend unnecessary time 'translating' TI-84 Plus activities to... Casio or whatever. Just bought two of these for my kids, once upgrading from an aging TI-82, the other from a not so bad but 'different' Casio.There are several reasons you'll want the TI-84 Plus if you are taking or approaching calculus in high school or college:&#9702;&#8202; everybody speaks TI-84 Plus - in our case it's true for the kids HS teachers and the Saxon Calculus courseware&#9702;&#8202; it is a significant improvement over the previous TI series models being more... graphical- for example there are now little boxes where you can enter then lower and upper limits by navigating there&#9702;&#8202; it's generally compatible with the previous TI- models - whatever you learned to do on a TI-82 or a TI-83 you generally do it in the same way on the TI-84 Plus.&#9702;&#8202; it's now available at significant discounts as either 'used' or refurbished - saved a lot ordering as good as new refurbished unitsWe are happy with the TI-84 Plus. I am because we don't need to spend a lot of time translating the TI-84-illustrated examples we find in our Calculus courseware and focus on the math instead. The kids are happy because the interface is a lot more intuitive than the TI-82.I needed one of these for high school and now in college I need it, too.Great condition and package contents are wonderful.It comes with everything you would get if you bought it in a store, without having to go to the store or subject yourself to price influx.If you need this type of calculator, GET IT HERE!My oldest knows how to use this fancy calculator and absolutely loves it.  The price on Amazon was quite competitive compared to land stores and online sites.  I will be learning this calculator for my college work soon and am glad my oldest can assist.  The calculator arrived promptly and there were no problems.  Read the other reviews, I believe the only difference between this one and the newer models is something most do not need or can download.  Saves you a bit!This calculator has pretty much everything in the world you would need from a calculator but why oh why did they leave out a fraction and mixed number buttons??  The process to enter fractions is frustrating when you have to do it over and over and even the most basic calculators have these buttons.  Even the simpler TI-34 has these buttons.  It's an omission of such a basic feature like this that looses stars from me.  Otherwise it is a great device I just have no idea why something so basic and common isn't one of the buttons.  If I wasn't required to own it I would return it for a device with the same features but with the fraction buttons.I bought my first TI graphing calculator in 1993 (the TI-85) and used that for several years until I was required to upgrade to an HP 48G+.  Since those calculators had carried me through the past 16 years of college and work, I was wary when this year's "school supply list" required us to spring for a TI-84 Plus.Since these calculators are often "required" for middle school through college these days, I understand how the manufacturer can get away with its exorbitant price tag.  That being said, we were persistent bargain shoppers and pounced the day we saw the price take a nose dive.The calculator is fairly straight forward to use, and batteries are included.  We have found that school textbooks tend to have step-by-step tutorials on certain subjects, and that the teachers use the calculator daily in class (whatever happened to graphing with pencil and graph paper?).  Because I have used a very similar calculator before, I have been able to instruct my student in every issue that has come up so far.  We have not had to use the manual.Overall, I have no problems with this calculator, which does what it needs to do.  I do know these are a prime target for thieves at school (often turning up at pawn shops, where you can buy your own calculator back for about $45), so we are protecting the calculator as an investment.  If your school gives you the option of using a TI-83, however, you can get essentially the same functionality at a lower price.  (Go for it.)For TI lovers this is perfect, the kids use it for school and it fits the bill perfectly at a better price here than anywhere elseI didn't want to purchase such a high cost calculator when there are much cheaper work arounds.  However, for kids in school, college or taking college tests like SAT and ACT--this calculator is allowed to be used (as is the model below it.  So, i bit the dust and purchased it.It works great.  It is the standard used in schools so my daughter learned how to use and and can get help on it.The biggest thing is that most of the kids have these and many look alike so you need to mark it well to show it is yours and reduce the chance of theft.  this of course isn't TI's fault--but it is good to know.The ti 84+ (this model) has mathprint (stacked fractions and symbols) and a USB cable.  TI-83 doesn't have this.  Also, i understand that this is faster than the 83.  The silver edition os TI 84+ has spreadsheets and SAT/ACT test prep included.  That may make it worth the increased price, but I didn't know that until I had already purchased this one.The Memory ROM/RAM between the models are:160K/24K on TI83480K/24K on TI84 Plus1.5 MB/24K on TI 84 + Silver addition (again making the silver addition probably the better value)I have no complaints with this phone. We like it so much that we purchased 8 additional handsets. Especially useful is the intercom system - if you're upstairs in the bedroom, you can beep someone in the basement. My only complaint is that you need to go to every phone to delete a caller id. I had purchased Panasonic in the past, but the Uniden is much better.What can I say. I bought this phone about two years ago and last week I had to buy a new one because I couldn't stand with all the failures on this phoneFirst, even if it claims it doesn't, I always got interference from my home wireless network, to a point that it was impossible to talk if you were at about 5-10 feet distance of the router. Sometimes even caused the network to fail. I tried everything, changing frequencies, etc, nothing workedSecond, the set-up was never intuitive and the way to synchronize the base with the phones or the phones with the base or among them was cumbersome; I could never really get the same content in both phones and the base. There was something missing all the timeThird, these phones are not sturdy and to be frank, very delicate. One of them fell once from about 2 feet and the screen broke, and it even didn't land on the screen. In the other phones, the hook was falling off all the time after using them for about 6 monthsI give it three stars because they worked for two years and that's about what it seem you get from today's electronics either from quality of obsolescence, but these phone never worked quite right since the beginningI tend to trust the buyers at Costco on products like this. Their judgments rarely fail, and they've certainly put good value for money into their warehouse store with the Uniden cordless phone. You can of course buy this phone at lots of other places too, but the Costo endorsement means something.We live in an 1930s era house with two stories + an office basement. The base station on the Uniden stays on the first floor, where heavy foot traffic makes it an easy visit to check on messages.  One additional handset stays upstairs and the other in my basement office.Each handset fits nicely into a vertical position on its own stand. Reholstering the handset doesn't require fidgeting or that you hit the bullseye.  Just drop it in roughly the right place and it settles into its stand. This makes a virtual 'no-look' hangup possible when I'm working at my desk. It's not a big day, but saves a few seconds per day and removes one slight irritation from life. I'll take that when I can get it.We've had excellent voice quality and no problems with this phone. The expandable feature means you can add handsets as you need them, but so far our two dogs and one cat have not demanded their own apparatus.If Costco's buyers choose it, you'll rarely go wrong. You can find a cheaper phone and answering system, but I've not seen better value.I was excited to receive this phone, charge up the batteries, and try it out.  Unfortunately, after plugging this phone into my line (Verizon phone service with DSL, DSL filter on the line), about 80% of the time the phone would not get a dial tone.  Eventually I determined that somehow the the 8865 was dialing a "1" all by itself (an 800 number without a preceding "1" went through OK, a local number would get error "do not dial a 1 for this number").  Dialing with the handset or base resulted in the same behavior.Thinking this was a bad unit, I tried a 2nd unit (same model), this one did the same thing.  @$#^%@$#!  So there is either a design flaw with this model or there's a bad batch of 8885's floating around.  Uniden CS was polite but unhelpful, so both phones had to be returned.I gave this unit two stars due to it's sleek design (though I think the base unit is a bit *too* small and the tiny buttons could be an issue).  Perhaps your luck with this model will be better than mine.I previously reviewed this item and gave it two stars because of some of its great features. However, as I mentioned before, I have a small house (about 1400 sq. ft.) and the phone didn't work in much of it. People always complained that I was cutting in and out and they usually thought I was on a cell phone. It was worse than my prior, less powerful phone, which cut out only about half as much.Now, after seven months of moderate use, the phone has died. No sound goes in either direction. It's beyond the 30-day period during which Amazon will accept a return, and I am still waiting to hear from Uniden to see whether they will replace the phone.I now can't say whether the phone's problems all along were because it was a defective unit, or whether this is just a crummy phone, but I can say for certain that it doesn't merit the rave reviews given here, and so far, customer service from Uniden is non-existent. I will update this again if they replace the phone and it works better, but I must say, I have seldom been as unimpressed with an electronic product. Nifty features don't really matter if the basic functions don't work. Amazon's editing process doesn't let you change the number of stars on a given review, but I'd take away the stars and give this product nothing.  This one is a loser.I've had the phone two weeks now, and really love it. It was easy to set up, and has been very easy to use. I was a little bit hesitant to order a 5.8 mhrz phone. I've always had 900 mhrz phone and thought I wouldn't get enough range from the higher frequency phone. While these phones don't work at the extreme range my 900 worked at, the 5.8 is more then adequate. We have a 2800 sq ft house (very spred out) with a deck and it works everywhere in the that area flawlessly. I can also walk out about 50 yrds from the house and still have service, but that seems to be the limit. With the 900 hrtz phone I could be over 100 yrs away and still be talking to the same person. But I am very happy with this models range. I had heard stories about much shorter range with 5.8 hrtz phones. I haven't found this to be true.These phones have a number of useful features,I really like being able to retrieve my messages from any hand set. And be able to make changes to the out going message. I also like the speaker phone feature, I can set the phone down and have my hands free for what ever I might need them for. And most of the time the people I'm talking to don't even know they're on speaker. And I can hear them very clearly. The hand set to hand set intercom feature is very useful in a large house as well.A minor feature that I have really come to like is the orange back lighting on the hand set it's easy to read in any light. And yes the keys are lit as well. There a  several other features that I have yet to use, but I will. There's a phone book that I haven't set up yet, for instance. And oh by the way, it's very easy to add a handset. When I read that the handset had to be programed to the base unit I thought "Oh no, here goes and hour of life with time to the tech help hot line', but, all it took was setting the extra hand set on the base and bingo it was set up. I have 3 hand sets, but you can up to 10.So my recommendation is if you what a versatile, easy to use phone that has most of the latest features then don't hesitate to buy this phone.And one last thing the battery life is very good. I'm used to getting about and hours worth of talk time out of my old phones. I can talk to my son for 90 minutes and not have the indicator move off full charge. Thats something I really appreciate.Hey guys, I'm not sure what are you complaining about? It costs $99 it prints ABSOLUTELY PERFECT photos, it works reliably and does its job well. I've not tried yet to print on CD or DVD and I doubt that I will, but as photo printer it is head above that Canon $9000 that I had. It eventually produces PHOTO quality prints, absolutely no downsides here. It is quite frugal too. I ran it trough 50 5x7 and it still more then 75% in every ink. I would buy their largest printer but it is too pricey for my needs of occasional photo printing.Honestly it is the first ink jet photo printer printer that I'm satisfied in every aspect.You buy used and you take your chances.  The item broke down almost immediately after purchase.  The vendor was willing to replace it, but I decided additional shipping charges and another used unit were not worth the risk.  I bought a new printer instead.When you read many reviews, you can easily see that the "one-star" ratings are usually by people who don't read the instructions, or possibly just can't understand them.  I've read all of the one-star ratings on this R-200 now and I totally agree with them.  No I'm not a printer expert, but I've owned a lot of different brands of printers and this is by far the worst, though not the most expensive.My dad had an Epson b&w; printer in the 90's and each time I had to use it, I would laugh and laugh at how it took such a long time when you turned it on to get ready to print: grunting, groaning, clicking, whirring... over and over for literally minutes.  I swore I'd never buy an Epson printer, though some of their other products are useable.But... silly me... when it was time to replace my nice HP printer simply because I wanted something that would do a perfect job on "photographs", I fell prey to Epson's claim to top quality.  It really didn't dawn on me that the unit would be virtually the same feed and cleaning mechanism as my father's old piece of junk.  I hated it from the beginning.  Photos were NOT photo quality, it took ages and ages to start printing, and it ate ink like a famished muppet monster.  If you don't print regularly, the ink cartridges (there's 6 total, each costing big bucks from Epson) dry up on the outputs, and even though you can shake them and hear the slosh, they don't work.  If you buy non-Epson cartridges you get a warning that you are voiding your warranty when you use them, even though they do work fine, and some last much longer than Epson's.But now after 3 years I've had enough of this expensive POC so I'll have to gamble on some other brand... it will definitely never, never, never be another Epson, I don't care if President Obama puts his picture on the front of it, and God blesses it himself, I will not buy it.One point I can make to those of you stuck with this piece of junk:  If you leave it turned on 24/7 it doesn't go through all of the initial bracketybrack setup routine.  But it still dries up and won't work, even if you're just printing black, if you have run out of cyan or yellow, it WILL NOT WORK until you buy more cartridges to allow to dry out.  It's a total scam and believe me, you will be sorry... maybe your initial impression will be good, but just wait... you'll see.UPDATE 9/30/12:OK so I dawdled around and didn't order the new printer until today.  I am doing a government application for immigration visa for my wife, and that requires mounds of printing and copying.  Today I needed to print out my bank statement for the last year, and when I went to the bank site, it said they are changing the system on the 3rd and I'll only have the past ONE month available... so of course I want to print this immediately.  My printer had been moved a few days ago and it's been turned off during that time, so I reluctantly started fiddling with it to make it come on properly. About 20 or 25 times I turned it on and off and all I get are blinking lights.  I did every trick I've ever done before, unplugging and sloshing the cartridges, going to the cartridge cleaning and nozzle check software... nothing at all worked.  So I go back and read all of these ONE STAR reviews again, and of course they're all having the same problems.  I choke back the urge to drop an atomic bomb on the Epson Headquarters and I look for the best printer (non-Epson) that I can afford, and order a Hewlett Packard OJPRO8100 Wireless Color Printer which has an abundance of good reviews and only a few 3-star reviews, no negatives... $110 compared to over $200 for the Epson (not counting the $200 or so I've spent on ink cartridges to replace cartridges that still contained ink).  Then I read one more review on the Epson 200, which said something about unplugging the power cord to reset the interlocks.  Well that shouldn't work, because that's what always causes the problems... but I tried it and bingo, suddenly the printer works as good as it ever did (marginal and slow).  At least I managed to print my bank statement.  Wish I could bill Epson for all of the hours and hours I've spent trying to make this stupid piece of junk work!Update of my first review below.  I've now owned the printer for nearly three months and its everything I had expected.  I don't use it for text so I don't know about its text quality, but its photo prints are awesome using Epson's Colorlife, Premium Glossy, and Heavyweight Matte papers which are good with the types of ink in this printer.  Ink usage seems light.  Its hard to estimate but I'd guess I've printed the equivalent of 70-80 4x6's and so far each of my ink cartridges seem to be less than half used.  I chose the Epson not just for the print quality, which has not disappointed, but also for the cost of consumables.  Check paper prices before you buy because you really do want to stick with the correct brand papers unless you really know what your doing.  And DON'T use non branded ink if you really want pictures with accurate color......................I don't own this, but I'm ordering it today.  It has exactly the same print engine and software as the R300 that's almost twice the price - I checked the specs at Epson.  If you don't need the card readers or pictbridge, buy this instead.  On the Canon printers you have to go to the i960 also close to twice the price to find a six color printer.  Read Steve's digicams reviews of the R300 if you want to know how well this prints.  The best buy out there.  The inks alone are worth $70.We were stunned to see this item for well under $100 PLUS a sizable rebate! Actually our expectations were not too high as we bought it mainly for its unique ability to print on CD platters using a special tray into which you place the printable CD (after you have burned your music/data onto it).  It has turned out to be an amazing printer.The software installed quite simply and after snapping in the six (count 'em!) ink cartridges, the printer itself started up nicely and printed a fine test page.  The box included a printable CD, so we tried a rather complicated one with clip art, arched title text, and text in several sizes and colors; and it came out first time looking outstanding!!  We've since experienced similar results printing photos using high gloss photo paper.  Of course it's a little slow, but for the low volume uses for which we bought it, who cares.  The six-color ink is a great feature -- you only have to replace the ones you need and the photos look really great due to the excellent color control.  In short, we're pleased and delighted with our new toy! Recommended!Like a lot of people, I used to print labels, but problems like not sticking 100% or air bubbles or peeling at the edges happen. I still have some labels left so I am using a 2&#34; wide wallpaper roller to smooth them down onto the disk so it sticks a whole lot better. BUT printing directly to the disk is so much better (obviously). True you have to let the disk dry 24 hours, but guess what, I had to let the labels dry too! No chance of air bubbles, no peeling, no problems! But shop around I've seen these priced around the $400 range and that's ridiculous, I don't know if it's true, but I heard some repairmen talking about this printer saying that when it was new it was priced around $70...!  Oh, you need to use Epson's driver (obviously) AND their utility....somewhat of a misnomer, as this is both a utility (let's you align the printing) but it is ALSO the print program!  You will NOT successfully print from another program...I've tried.  Best of Luck!I myself have owned at least close to 10 printers.  Together with the printers I have used in the workplace and tried at the stores; this by far is the best.1) Value wise, this is a sub $100 printers.  It has a CD/DVD rack for direct to CD/DVD printing, borderless printouts, etc.2) I love the Epsons for pictures.  Prints from other manufacturers tend to be pixelated.  If you look closer, you can see the dots that made up the whole picture.  Epsons looks exactly like a traditional picture as long as you use the right paper and settings.  (Although there is no reason to use a printer now that you have all the great deals from Costco, Sam's (online upload too - after uploading go to the store and it is ready).  But for unconventional sizes and school projects, wallet sizes, pictures to fit your frames... I still use a personal printer)3) Well, all the Epsons I have owned were as loud as a supersonic Concorde; but this one is a real surprise.  With kids, my only time to work on the computer is late at night.  This doesn't bother the neighbours at all.4) There are some commercial covers that are sold just solely to protect your printer's innards from dust.  I was very impressed at the ingenuity of the design.  The top paper rack folds up on itself and serves as a cover for the printer, so you wont need to cover your printer.5) It is fast.I bought this for the DVD disc printing using a Mac G4 laptop.  Ready to put cool disc art on my amazing lttle films.  But hu uh.  NO LUCK.  SPENT HOURS FRETTING OVER EVERY STEP, BUT NOTHING.  TRAY JUST VIBRATES IN THE SLOT. BACKS IN AND OUT WITH MY BLANK DISC.  THEN RED LIGHTS ON THE PRINTER FLASH IN MOCKERY.  Hate this Epson non DVD print disabled fraud.  Love the Mac, though.  This is a new, out of the box model.  And there's no help for the problem.  Under menu HELP it actually says "No help available."  Boy, that chutzpah.I'm not new to printers or settting up software.Beware buyer.  Don't be a sucker.The title of the previous review was perfect, we used them for about one year before we moved on.  The sound was not good and the battery life deteriorated rapidly.  The improved standards though had more to do with us moving on than anything.I recently purchased this phone to replace one that I was completely unhappy with.  This one seemed to have all of the features I was looking for and so far, I have not been disappointed in the least.First off, this phone comes with everything you could ever want: 2 handsets, answering machine, paging, intercom capapbility between the 2 handsets, 3 mailboxes, ear pieces for the headsets and the list goes on and on.I have roamed far and near with this 5.8ghz beauty and have yet to experience any interference at all.  My basement wreaked havoc on my old 2.4ghz system, but not a single buzz or squelch from the VTech.We keep the base in the kitchen and the extra handset in the bedroom.  If I get a call that is for someone else, I can page the other phone and transfer the call over.  No more yelling in the house to pick up the other phone!Seriously though, I've gone through all sorts of phones to try and find that perfect fit.  So far, this one is living up to all of my expectations.I was amazed at how long I had gone without using a handsfree set with our home phone. Since this set includes 2 earpieces I was able to try that out right away and I will never go back to holding the receiver in my hand.The sound is great and design is sleek and handsets are lightweight and are easy to read in the dark.If you are looking for a phone upgrade, this is a definite option for you.Because of problems that some of the other reviewers mention, I almost did not order this phone set, but the price was too good for me to not at least give it a shot. So far, we have had no problems of any kind. The shared phonebook function saves having to program each phone; entering contact info into one phone makes it available from both. The couple of people that I tested it out on could not tell that I was using the speaker phone function, so I use it all of the time now. The built in answering system is wasted on us because we have the phone company's voice mail service. However, if I ever want to screen calls, I can now because the answering system allows you to listen while messages are being left and pick up to speak if you wish.The clarity of this phone set is outstanding. I live in a very old apartment building in Europe with extremely thick walls and all sorts of things that could potentially impede the phone's signal. However, I have a clear line throughout my apartment. This ip5850 cordless phone is the best that I have owned since the first 900Mhz VTech phone that I bought almost 10 years ago. In fact that phone still works great back at my parents' house. Other VTech phones that I've purchase for my company in Europe have proven extremely reliable and very durable. Thus, I feel very comfortable recommending VTech products for their quality and performance.I've given this phone more than a fair trial. I've purchased this and 5825 phones three times. (The 5825 has no answering device but identical handsets.) All of their identical handsets have malfunctioned immediately or eventually. The first time one of the screens lost contrast and became unreadable. The last two times the handset became inoperable after being left off of the cradle for several hours. None of the buttons would respond until the phone was recradled for a moment. (This would happen even after the batteries were fully charged.)I returned the first two for refunds, but the third time I sent a message to VTech's online "support." Their email response was: "Due to the nature of your inquiry, your request would have to be handled by a representative who will provide you with the more detailed information." But when I called the "tech support" number provided I infuriatingly discovered that they only have automated tech support when you select the support phone menu option. So, I called the sales number and the rep said they are trying out this new automated approach to "tech support." That is, they have decided to ditch genuine support.I asked to speak to a sales supervisor and he said that they have had other complaints about the inoperable handsets. He offered to send me replacement handsets, saying that he thought they have fixed the issue. Which brings up the obvious question: why are they still permitting retailers to sell units that VTech knows have defects? I've only had this one for a week. Shouldn't those defective phones be recalled? The supervisor's only response was to chuckle nervously.So, while these phones have good talk time and audio quality, and respectable features, I can't recommend them since they are highly prone to defects and the company has such a laughable excuse for support.After reading the reviews I was not sure about buying the VTech ip 5850 but when I saw the price for two phones(dual handsets) with Digital Answering System I had to get it. The system does not interfere with my wireless internet. I am able to hear clearly and be heard clearly. The phone recharges quickly there are three(3) distinct mailboxes for messages. There is an intercom system that works very well. Also the lighting and display is easy to read I can see it two feet away I dont have to get up and go over to see who it is. It was easy to set up and have running. The price is the best online and at the stores. Definately a great deal. I might get one for my parents since they have difficulty with their wireless phone.I do a lot of disc labeling for business; for years, I have been using one brand and the software that came with it.  I decided to try these labels, and was pleasantly surprised to find that they are a tiny bit better -- they pull off more easily when there is an error. I don't need all of the other stuff that is on the page (spine labels, etc.) but since the cost is competitive anyway, it doesn't matter.  Interestingly, the label software worked just as well with the Memorex label pages, as with the others.We used these to print disc labels for a big event.  They printed quickly and easily.  We used a disc stamper to put the labels on and they laid nicely on the disc.1) The Memorex CD/DVD labels are pretty decent.  It's white paper with two labels on each sheet, for a total of 60 sheets and 120 labels.  You can also print two jewel case spine labels as well as two "general use" labels (just rectangular labels).  I've checked out various brands including Staples' own store brand and Memorex CD/DVD label refill packs are the best value.2) The LabelMaker software is not bad at all, and works reliably and fast on Windows XP.  I use it with my Canon Pixma iP3000 (the *best* inkjet printer for under $300!).  The program comes with a calibration tool which you *MUST* run to ensure proper alignment.  (Don't worry, it's just calibration for LabelMaker only, and won't mess up your printer's hardware calibration.)  The program is pretty easy to use, esp. when it comes to importing and resizing your own image files.I recommend this pack as well as the 300-pack from Memorex.Using these labels has been nothing but trouble, producing shoddy results and labels that peel away from the CD/DVD. As for the formatting and printing process, it was even worse. We tried downloading their software for Mac online and followed all the directions. It was fairly straightforward, so we finished everything and went to print it. What happened next? THEY WANTED MONEY. IT WOULD NOT PRINT WITHOUT A WATERMARK UNLESS YOU PAID FOR THE SOFTWARE. After ALREADY BUYING their product, there was a HIDDEN COST. We wasted time putting everything together only to find we would have to come up with a work-around. That work-around took a tremendous amount of time, and again, had mediocre results because of formatting issues as well as the matte finish (the paper feels kind of rough and cheap, worse than some basic printing papers). The initial price of these labels is a trick. They seem cheap, but they have hidden costs and the labels themselves don't even stick, sometimes nearly ruining people's drives. BAD, BAD, BAD.The labels work great and are just what one would want in printing labels. They are easily used in inkjet printer.Have used in the past with excellent results,. This last batch is a little different . The Paper is thinner and the adhesive is tackier making it slightly more difficult to apply, but I suspect it will end up more durable and  less likely to peel..These labels always fit the CDs properly and work well with the Memorex software that I purchased several years ago.Excellent range, very good sound quality, long feature list...  Two things I would say that could be improved on this product are the speed dial list and battery compartments.  The speed dial lists are not shared between the phone/s and base station, this makes maintaining a multi phone setup a bit more of a problem than it should be.  The battery compartments seem a bit tight for any other NiMH batteries available today.  The phone comes with 900 mA rechargables that fit perfectly.  Today,  it is tough to find batteries less than 1,500 mA, which tend to be just ever so slightly larger in diameter and make battery replacement a bit more of a problem than it should be.  Other than those two problems (minor IMHO), the phone is great.  I would recommend it to anyone and will buy more in the future as I add more portable units for my growing family.Many cute features on this phone include being able to program a name with a specific ringer, Verbal Caller ID (just says the number or "Unknown Caller"), different screensavers, etc.  The range on this phone is excellent and I can hear quite clearly from a distance.  Also being 5.8GHz it won't interfere with wireless routers and wireless cameras.  Excellent buy!Both incoming and outgoing voice seem to be very good. The phone is ergonomically acceptable, though nothing that should fetch a high price. It is silly that the base and handsets can't share a single directory. The reason I'm returning the phone is that it is a battery hog. Inexplicably, it comes with laughable 1400 mAh  AA batteries, which really is embarassingly cheap of whoever AT&T licenses the brand to. But even when I put in a longer life Nickel Metal battery, it is drained far too fast. It sure is hard to buy a quality, reliable cordless phone anymore.AT&T; E5965C 5.8 GHz Cordless Answering System with Speakerphone Caller IDI replaced a failing Panasonic corded phone with this compact cordless model after testing several at my local electronics store.  I chose the AT&T; E5965C for a number of reasons-style, the feel of the handset (solid), ease of use and functionality.  A belt clip and wall mount are included.What I got was a well made, attractive and multi-functional unit with expansion capability (up to eight handsets).  Programming was easy, the standard message simple and clear enough to use without adding a custom message, even though I did add my own.There are separate phonebooks in the handset and the base, each capable of storing up to 50 entries, and the handset screens incoming messages.  Call transfer, 3-way conference calls and last number redial are additional functions of this unit.Two lithium batteries are included (Note: directions state only lithium batteries should be used)/Caller ID and Call Waiting are included capabilities if you subscribe to these services.Both handset and base are programmable with features such as ringer volume, ringer melody, remote access, and caller log review.All in all, this is an easy phone to set up and one that offers superior performance.Recommended.The AT&T; E5862C seems to have most all of the same features: expandable, full-color, 5.8GHz, 25 minutes of record time, voice notification of caller, dual buttons, speakphone on handsets (works well), etc BUT with extra color handset[...]I am five-star happy with purchase. Phone seems studier (including buttons) than my failed Panasonic, Uniden, and GE phones, but only time will tell (my mother's 50-year old $20 phone still works - is it unfair to expect modern >$100 phones to last even a decade without wearing out?!?). I also wish voice mail included date (but my Panasonic did not as well) and recordings are not the best quality, but if I can still understand them in 5-7 years I'll be ahead of past purchases. Buttons are VERY easy to find and push, but again if they're still working in 5-7 years will be the real test (does the simple to replace batteries suggest THIS phone might outlast them?). You do not need to delete CIDs to remove "New Calls" from the display - only view them, which can be done as fast as you can press the next button.UPDATE 55 Months later: My E582 handsets seem HUGE compared to ones from others BUT they're still working (replacable batteries have all died and been replaced). Sound quality is again not steller but they're all still good as new (which is better than any other phone I've owned over the past three decades). I'm not suggesting anyone buy this old model... I'm only posting an update concering the value of large AT&T; phones. Perhaps, I'll post again in another 4-5 years. See ya' then (ha ha).This is a great little coin holder for the car.It holds18 nickels ($0.90)21 quarters ($5.25)27 dimes ($2.70)GRAND TOTAL = $8.85To be clear it does not have a slot for pennies.It even comes with adhesive velcro pieces so that you can place the coin holder exactly where you want to keep it. Fits great in my civic. No more messy pile of change and no more scrapping through it to find the exact change I need.Might have to get another just to fit my incoming change.I bought this product to organize the way coins are stored in the car. Even today's time of online payments etc, coins are essential to carry for parking meter etc. This small champ will keep 25, 5 and 1 cent coins organized.As another reviewer mentioned, this coin holder holds about $9 in change which is plenty of change to pay for hours of meter time.  I purchased this to stick inside my cars center console.  The velcro patch this came with is unfortunately a bit small, but so far it is holding it securely to the wall of my console.  One drop and this thing is done, but I don't see it coming apart by itself.Ok, a lot of super glue. First wait for the top and bottom to fall apart. Then super glue them back together. Then wait for the heat in the car to separate the Velcro from the coin holder. Super glue them back together. Next wait for he heat to separate the Velcro from the car. Super glue that Velcro piece back to the car. Finally, you have an awesome, fully-functional coin holder. Mine works great now!I needed a coin holder for my car - the one that came in the car was not adequate.  I would have preferred four slots so I could do quarter, nickels, dimes, and pennies, but I could not find one of those, and this was the next best thing.  It is quite small and holds a lot of coins and meets my needs.Packs are wonderful- they say they last for about 100 photos (which is how many sheets of paper is included) but I always find I get at least 50 more photos from the ink cartridge. So I order a 100 pack of theEpson Premium Photo Paper GLOSSY (4x6 Inches, 100 Sheets) (S041727)along with it. Yes, printing at a kiosk may be cheaper, but I am constantly printing out photos for art journaling and scrapbooking, and I like having them instantly. It's worth it to me.The ink cartridge simply slides into the back of the printer- no fuss, no individual inks to change out. When it's done, the printer will simply tell you that it no longer has the ink to print anything (it will give you "ink low" warnings for about 20-30 photos before it's truly done, but those photos are all printed perfectly).I have lots of scrapbooking friends who also use this Epson printer so when it is time to re-order the Ink and Paper pack we always get together to buy at least 2 at one time so we qualify for free shipping. The price here on Amazon is cheaper than any of the office supply stores or Walmart and the item never seems to go on sale for less.If you have an old picture mate, this is essential. Tried bargain brands and the photos do not look as crisp or brilliant. And even accidental spills do not ruin photos printed with this set.I purchased my wife theEpson PictureMate Deluxe Viewer Edition Photo Printerfor Christmas. Though the printer is a few years old it is still top notch especially when paired up with their inks.I'm always interested in a bargain and was looking around to see if I could find cheaper ink on the internet. Everywhere I looked I found many off brands and refurbished cartridges and what I found was not promising. If you compare reviews of this cartridge to any refub/off brand you will see that this is the way to go. There are two big issues with the others, quality, and compatibility. The overall printing quality is diminished when using no-name inks, and even if it does look good for the time being the shelf life of the image is less. As for compatibility a lot of refurbs and off-branders simply will not work in the printer. If you look at the cartridge it actually has circuitry in it. This means that Epson may have them "programed" a certain way to work with your printer and the other cartridges will not work if not properly programed.As for print quantity the box states you will get roughly 100 photos per cartridge. So far we have been getting a great deal more. This is less the cartrige it self than it is the subject mater of your photos.I am very happy with this product and I will continue to buy it for the life of our printer.Item pretty self explainatory, paper and ink. It it the most ink for the money, each time I have purchased this item, the ink has lasted well beyond the paper supplied. I generally get 150-170 prints from single ink cartridge. Also the paper and ink combo is fairly priced for the beautiful prints you achieve with it. My prints are not sticky, do not smear, and the colors are brillant and true.I purchased the Epson picturemate personal photo lab printer, and get amazing results in the comfort of my home. GREAT ITEMS!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!I have the Epson Picture mate and found out that to get the best quality photos you must use this paper and ink.  Very high quality.  Would not use any other product.  Also great pricing thru Amazon.Norazza DD3001 Data Destroyer CD/DVD Shredder lived up to my expectations.  It works well, and there is no mess to clean up once it did its job.The way this product works is that you feed the CD through it. CD goes into one side, comes out of the other side. This device scratches CDs with numerous little holes. It does not shred the CD, it makes the data on the CD unreadable. There is no mess, no shards, nothing to clean up. The device is not too loud, and appeared quite durable as I have been using it fore more than 6 months on weekly basis and it has not given me any problems.I tried reading these CDs and DVDs on several computers and it is not possible. After running my discs through this, I have no qualms about throwing out my old backup discs.For the price, it's worth using to physically destroy any type of optical media. This unit will punch holes on the top and bottom of the optical media rendering it impossible to read from.Only complaint is it can be a painstaking slow process as you feed one optical media after another and the shredding sound it makes can be annoyingIf you have backup data disks (cd/dvd/blu-ray) and want to get rid of them, this thing lays down a grid of pin-holes on the disk surface.However, I've been able to get other dievices to read a 'punctured' disc every now and again. However, three passes makes the disks absolutely useless and unreadable (a pass only takes about 5 seconds).Worth it!I have used a similar one at work, to protect any data that might be on burned cd/dvds.I got this one for our home use and it is perfect. run a DVD through a couple of times and you have a nice coaster!better than running through a home shredder and gumming up the works.I had an aleratec cd shredder.  That you threw the disc in and would scratch both sides and make the disc unreadable.  That machine was fast.  This one is not as fast.  It does the job of scratching both sides and both sides can not be read.  The speed that it does it is somewhat slow.  Not bad just been spoiled to the Aleratec.  Now the reason I went with Norazza.  Was that the new aleratecs destroy the disc by actually shredding them into pieces.  Which is very time consuming process.  This speeds it up a bit.  So its a great machine, try it out if you need to make discs unreadable.This is just plain calculator tape, and it works great for mel  It's single  ply and is exactly what it says it is.  Works great for me!Honestly, I bought these because my caique has a toy that you put a roll in.  He LOVES that toy, and fills up his cage bottom by unraveling, shredding, etc. calculator roles.  This item makes it convenient and inexpensive to keep his toy filled, because...I used to re-roll the paper....drove me crazy...so I stopped doing it.Clean set of rolled paper. core was a bit warped but totally usable. what can i say, its a roll of white paper. can't really say much else...This paper is used for the adding machines in the office...it is cheap and works great...highly recommended...you can't go wrong getting this provided your adding machines uses this paper (pretty universal as far as I know)...Basic calculator rolls with paper of decent weight, colour and quality. Does the job perfectly at a price lower than Staples~! Will definitely reorder when needed.I recently purchased the Sharp Electronics XEA106 Cash Register from Amazon and fortunately found the correct receipt paper in this 12 pack at a great price as well.Sharp Electronics XEA106 Cash Register....SHARP adding machine they were ordered to be used on had an instruction manual that needed a magnifying glass to read, so, all returned!  Not Amazon's fault, either!  SHARP stictly to blame!WE KNOW A BARGAIN WHEN WE SEE ONE.  WE NEEDED THIS ITEM AND WHEN WE SEEN IT ADVERTISED,  WE BOUGHT IT.  WILL BE OK FOR A WHILE NOW.Post-it notes in 4 bright colors, what more can you say? Well, perhaps one thing - I have had other sticky notes from other manufacturers, some of which stick so well they tear the note under them when you try to remove them, some of which don't stick worth beans! But Post-it's always work and are great for keeping track of stuff. What did we do without them?I guess almost everybody uses Post-it Notes.  They're quite handy and I wish I'd invented it.  The colors in this pack are as nice as they get.  That leaves price.  I compared price against the other major online office supply vendors and this was the best.I'd recommend this product to anybody, especially because the price was good.  Post-it notes come in handy and it seems that everybody uses them.  You run through them but they seem to last awhile since these packs have so many individual notes to peel off.The price is right.  I checked.These guys make my life worth living. Without a constant stream of Post-it notes, my life would be a sad shambles. Especially in a work environment, these notes are essential. I live these because the colors appeal to me (I've never been a big fan of the weak Gatorade colored originals) and make it even more enjoyable to leave notes on my and others desks.Easily one of the best inventions of the 20th century (right up there with playdough) Post-its are fantastic.Nice and colorfulI hate cheap sticky notes.  After works got us some that did not stick and were ugly, I ordered my own Post-It Notes.  These are a good size- big enough to write a short message- but not too big.  They stick to almost anything.  Colors are bright and pleasant.I hate to shell the money oout of my own pocket, but I like quality!This Post-it Super Sticky Notes, 4 x 6-Inches, Canary Yellow, Lined, 5-Pads/Pack is excellent and comes in very handy for everday even notations.......I use these sticky notes to make shopping lists, write notes for my son's lunchbox, let my husband know I love him (or want something), let someone know I stopped by and had to leave, tell fedex and UPS to ring the back doorbell....Anytime I need to make sure I get a message to someone (via something other than voicemail or email), I use these.  They are colorful and they are nice and sticky.  And one of these packages last me an entire school year, so they're cost-effective.Nice and big and great for making lists or taking down messages. These stickys have great quality. I highly recommend.These are the perfect size Post-Its for so many uses!!  One main way I use this is for my shopping list.  I put it in my purse, then when I get to the store, I stick the list on the handle of the shopping cart.  The "Super Sticky" makes sure it stays there for my whole shopping trip, even if things brush up against it, it stays put until I pull it off when I'm returning the cart to the cart corral!I'm a piano teacher and my students write their own introductions to make a little speech before they play.  I give each student two of these great Post-Its (two in case they mess up the first one, or if they want to write a lot!), and I stick them right on the piano book or sheet music that they're playing from first.  That way there are no falling notecards or slippery pieces of paper for nervous hands to drop.  This way their introduction is stuck right on their music.  The kids even tend to keep their Post-It introductions from recital-to-recital.  I also use the Post-It 1-inch flags to mark the pages that their piano pieces are on.  I try to use Green and Red at Christmas-time, yellow and green and pink in the spring, etc.  My students LOVE my Post-It flags!!It' a quirk, but I couldn't manage without these. They help me organize.I have them on my office desk, I take my lists with me and they are bright, cheerful and easy to locate.I give this product five stars because of how useful it is. I really like this product because it helps me keep my reminders/notes organized. I highly recommend this product to everybody.I am a list person. This is easy to see with all the paperwork I have and to do. You get a lot in the pack. It stick on the front of my notebook or the menu when we do group takeout. I use it for notes on the door, messages to myself on a folder. Love it.This review is being written after two years of use in a busy restaurant and bar, so I've really put this system to the test.  Though it has admirable voice quality, this system has so many quirks that it just shouldn't be considered as a primary business phone system.  First and foremost, when you are on one of the lines speaking to a customer, and a call rings on the other line, the line you are speaking on gets constantly interrupted with momentary silencing of your voice so that the person on the other end of the line hears your voice dropping out every few seconds while the other line is ringing!!!  This is an absolutely unforgivable flaw!Uniden tech support told me that there is no way to disable this quirk either.  You just have to live with it.  For shame!Also, once every few days, the phone system decides to reset itself without warning.  So, the phone rings, you answer and it disconnects the person calling while you are greeted with the "Welcome" screen as the system resets itself.  After about a minute or so, you're able to receive calls again.  As an added bonus, it occasionally screeches super loud feedback into your ear instead of connecting you to the call you are answering.  Seriously, it hurts your eardrums something awful.The signal is VERY fussy too.  It doesn't like working when near metal objects like restaurant refrigerators and other large appliances, nor does it work very well if any masonry walls are between you and the base.Terrible phone system.  I have a one line and two line phone system from Uniden and wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  Stay clear of this poorly designed, clearly inferior product.I'm 98% happy with this phone.  Only thing that I don't like is that the ringer volume on the "Low" setting is still quite loud.  It's either got an extremely loud ring, or a very loud ring.  No quiet ring option.  Aside from that, the phone works great, and has all of the features I need.  And for the Amazon price, you can't beat it!Uniden 8866 has a Global setting option called "Area Code".  If you leave OUT the area code, it will automatically insert it into CID.  This is true even if you had programmed area code previously, but now delete it.  I learned this after reading the other reviews on the page.  I have the Uniden 8866 and am debating returning it to Sam's Club where I bought it at $40 more than Amazon sells (so you should buy it here);  possibly returning it in favor of, Panasonic's KX 5480S 2-line phone, which Amazon has just shipped me (so I don't know if the KX is better yet).  I love Panasonic phones.  This is my first Uniden phone.IMPORTANT:  If you have Comcast caller id service, it OVERRIDES the uniden CID feature so not all your CIDs will be recorded;  if you have a local answering machine to answer the call, the uniden won't be 'told' the caller's identity, even if CID is enabled both at your end and the caller's.  That's not a problem, for Panasonic phones, so far as I can tell.I may end up keeping BOTH phones, since they are so different.  I don't like the short (1-year) battery life and the low sound volume on the Uniden, but the sound volume problem is easily solved by going to the great speakerphone....Give me a break!Just out of curiousity, I bought a 5.8 GHz cordless at a local store and compared it to my trusty, twenty-dollar 900MHz Uniden.Guess what?The two phones sounded PRETTY MUCH THE SAME, in fact the 900MHz one was actually a little clearer in some parts of the house.I will say though, the 5.8GHz phone does sound better than the disastrous 2.4GHz Uniden I bought and returned last year. But this one's going back too...why pay more for what is basically the same performance?Again: DON'T BELIEVE THE ADVERTISING B.S. !!!!I'm giving this phone 1 star not for its actual performance, but for the absolutely shameless advertising HYPE around it.(This is kind of like a 3.0GHz PC compared to a 1.2GHz PC: with 90% of commonly used applications, their performance is virtually identical...only you'll pay a lot more for the bigger number GHz.)Have never owned a better phone.  The gentleman that wrote the review with 1 star had a valid point though, you can't call back callers in the CID menu with an area code outside of yours (no option to put a "1" in front of the number).However his other point of not being able to turn off the answering machine is funny, because this model does NOT HAVE an answering machine. Its only an additional keypad folks, no answering machine.Also, I purchased three additional TCX905 handsets... also work great.  All the features I need.  Another small feature lacking, is being able to change the ringtone on the base.  Overall though, you'll love it over ATT, GE, and Panasonic.  I've had them all.This phone is being used in a small business and has so far been working very well. Set up is extremely easy (did it without the manual). The sound is crisp and clear. One of the features I enjoy most is the fact that you can use certain features on the handset as well as the base. Last but not least....that wonderful feature..."the do not disturb button"...great for telemarketers and phone stalkers.I have tried all the 5.8mhz 2 line phones. None really cut it in the quality/distance specs. This is a great performer for the price and I paid much more than what it is selling for now.Pros:  Read the other reviews and save me the time...they are all good and I put 8 hours a day on mine and after 9 months it is still going strong.  Things I like are good display, best distance of the 3 phones I tried, easy to use without a long read of the manual, and great drop performance.  I have dropped this phone many times from counter height to my hardwood or concrete floors with no ill affects.  The belt clip is a great design and will not come off. The phone contacts are the best design I have seen as they always make a connection even if the phone is tilted.  Having individual phone books is nice except if you syc them with the base you loose your individuality.  Not one performance problem.  I did order a 3rd handset a few weeks ago and the display was different (a later "imnproved" model)but I noticed a hum/hiss that was not on the other original hansets and did not exist on them when in the same location.  I have returned this for exchange.Cons: Like all 5.8mhz sets this one has limited range but a good 100 through walls.  50 feet if you included an aluminum sided wall. Volume could be higher...what is it with all these phone people...they just can put enough volume in anything whether it be cell phone or wireless handset. Headset also left something to be desired.  In ability to add just one contact to the general phone directory, in ability to use speaker phone on intercom mode.  I just wish there was someway to push a little more distance out....Best phone I've ever usedI've never gotten so excited over a phone before.  I keep discovering neat design features which makes me say "wow - they really put some thought into this phone."  First, the quality is phenomenal.  This wireless actually sounds better than the AT&T; corded phone it replaced.  It has much better range is and less susceptible to noise than my Vtech 900mhz - in fact, I don't hear any noise or static at all.  My biggest concern was that I would not be able to pick up a line which was already "in use."  On this phone, you can pick up any line like an analog phone, but can easily lock out the other extensions with a privacy feature.It's not just a phone, but a phone system, for which you can buy additional extensions and add them anywhere without installing additional phone jacks.  You can transfer calls to a different extension, as well as intercom or conference with other extensions.  You can take your wireless phones with you when you travel and use them as walkie-talkies!  You can use one extension like a room/baby monitor, or perhaps just find out what's going on downstairs.  The base doubles as an independent speaker phone, so it's like getting two phones for the price of one - with a convenient handset finder.  Expandable to up to 10 handsets, each extension has its own speaker phone, which blew me away.  Each extension, as well as the base, has its own searchable phonebook of 100 numbers plus speed dial - and, the entries of the phonebook can be sent from one handset to another.  The list of features goes on, but what really blows me away is the quality and clarity of this phone.  It's also a lot smaller than it looks in the photo.  You can almost put one of these handsets into your shirt pocket, making them very "cellular-phone like," including the many ringer tone options, including off.  When a call comes in, the Caller-ID display lights up bright and an LED flashes, so you don't need to have every extension ring - for those "quiet rooms."  Each extension has a headpiece jack so you can walk around hands-free.Complaints / Suggestions for improvements?  I honestly can't think of any.  This phone is perfection.Old dispenser was old, about 20 years old, so it was time. Same make and I prefer this plastic handle to whatever the old one was. Old one didn't cut as well as this one even with the cutter replaced so I guess the blade holder had moved ever so slightly.I decided to spend a little more for a quality tape gun. Many have complained about the cheap ones. This gun is very good. Works like it is supposed to and very easy to use.This tool becomes very easy to use once you get familiar with it.  Only problem I have is the teeth to cut the tape seems a little dull.I've been using tape guns fairly regularly for about twenty years now. I've tried a large number of tape guns. For the past five years in particular it seemed like tape gun after tape gun that we tried was just horrendous. My boyfriend had me convinced that this was just the way things were. Finally, in a fit of frustration, I ordered us this one. I figured, if nothing else, it couldn't be any worse than the one we'd been using (or the many before).Wow, what a difference! There are just so many ways that this tape gun far outshines any of the myriad of others we'd tried. The tape rolls smoothly. The tape cuts off evenly and easily! It works exactly like a tape gun should. It was just so amazing. I sang the praises of it every day as I packed up things to send off on ebay and Amazon. I wondered why I let myself get tortured for so many years, when this one existed.We've been using it for over four months now and it's holding up like a champ. I'm not a commercial shipping factory, so it's not getting constant use every minute. But it does get used pretty much every day. It works like a charm. It's fairly light. It's easy to load and unload. But really, it's that ease of use that just is wonderful. Before, doing the box wrapping was a painful chore that I dreaded. Now, zip-zip-zip, it's done.I wish every product was like this - that they did what they were supposed to do, the way they were supposed to do it.If I eventually have issues with it, certainly I'll come back and update the review. I waited the full four months before posting my review, to make sure it got through that initial settling-in period. Right now, I am quite content highly recommending it.Cuts tape great, presses it into the cardboard easily.  I used this when I moved, taped up about 100 boxes.This excellent dispenser is well made and will last decades. Only problem is to keep your fingers away from the serrated cutter. It is extremely sharp! There are cheaper versions, like everything else. I go with brand name and quality.The cutter is replaceable. I had a unit for some 30 years and finally sprang for a new blade. So I have the new one and my old one, shop-worn but working like new!This is the 3M quality we know and love.  No digital displays or Internet connectivity here -- this is a plain old fashion device that has been perfected.  Truly a bargain at the price, this is a dispenser that will keep on dispensing for decades.  Unless you beat it with a sledgehammer, this is the best and last tape dispenser you will ever buy.It's OK.  I use it.  Expect to waste 6 inches once in awhile unless you are very careful.I package up a lot of boxes every month, but it took me a long time to find something that would make my life easier.  When I looked at the different models, they all looked so heavy and clunky.  I wanted something that would make packing up boxes easier - not harder.I settled on this product because its price was about right for my budget, and it had good reviews.  After using it for only a few boxes, I was already won over.  This product is great.  It is not at all heavy or clunky to use - I can grip the handle quite comfortably and get my boxes taped up in about 1/4 of the time it used to take me.  I was very surprised by how light it is - considering its size (it does look a little bulky) this is not at all as heavy as I feared it might be.It isn't so good for smaller boxes, because the overall size of this product makes it difficult to use when the box is a small size.  But most of the boxes I pack are at least 10x10x10, and this product is just perfect for them.  It is easy to load a new roll of tape when needed and the device holds the tape very securely and rolls the tape smoothly onto a box when you want to secure it.  I never feel like the tape roll will come loose when I am using this product.  The blade is very sharp - but I haven't cut myself on it once, nor do I worry about doing so.  The only downside is that sometimes the edge of the tape can get a bit tangled up and can't be used.Overall:  Great product.  Definitely a good buy.This is my third photo printer in as many years. My prior printers were Epsons, which developed head problems just out of warranty. Of course, you don't discover there's a problem until you've cleaned the heads 10 times and used up their expensive ink.So with a $20 rebate and the prior good reviews, I purchased this Canon. What a great deal! The print quality is every bit as good as Epson's 1270 and the Canon is so much faster. Plus it offers dual paper sources and separate ink cartridges. It is a real miser when it comes to ink. I just printed 100 pages of photo quality note cards and the ink tanks are still nearly full. Incredible.But what I really liked about this was that two days after registering it, I received an e-mail from Canon welcoming me and offering a 3-year warranty for just $45. That's less than I wasted on ink trying to get the Epson to work.My experience with this excellent printer and Canon's customer service have me seriously thinking about selling off my Nikon gear and going to Canon. I've spent about $20,000 on Nikon gear and never once got a e-mail from them thanking me for my purchase.I have one bit of advice if you're considering this printer: Buy it!Well, I haven't used an inkjet printer in a while, and let me tell you that, judging by this printer, they've really come into their own. I honestly no longer want a laser printer -- this printer does everything very well. Initally, I gave this printer 3 stars because of a print head problem, but now I think I'd give it 4 1/2 stars. (Unfortunately, Amazon doesn't let you change your rating, although they did quickly resolve the print head issue.)The black text ink looks like a laser printer -- it's amazing what that second black cartridge can do. (There's two black cartridges - one that looks good for photos and another that's great for very sharp edges like type. Just make sure you choose the correct options so you don't get the photo black ink for text.)  I really recommend this printer if you want to be able to print great text.The photos are also stellar -- it really does look like a photo from a regular camera. The color matching is very good, and you can't tell the photo was created from a printer. I've had a picture of my little cousin on the refrigerator for about 4 months and despite being in a sunny room, the print has not noticeably faded.I was also surprised by how fast this printer is. I can print a 4x6 photo in under a minute. Regular black pages spit out quickly, too.The dual paper trays are a very nice touch. It makes it very easy to quickly pop in a piece of photo paper, then go back to printing on standard paper. It can also print on both sides of the paper, although that does take a bit longer.UPDATE: After owning this printer for about a year and a half, it's still working great.I can't say enough good things about the iP4000 printer.  I myself have the lesser iP3000 model, but my neighbor has the iP4000 and it's faster and sports even better color management than the already excllent iP3000.  The added color tank increases the color accuracy and "vibrance" in photos -- but makes no difference for priting text and simple graphics.  Still, the small premium over the iP3000 model is worth it, as the iP4000 is also noticeably faster.But, alas, Amazon has started charging $20 for ground shipping!  This is ridiculous, as they used to make this eligible for free "supersaver" shipping.  (I think Amazon has just started rolling back on free shipping, as many products are now no longer eligible.)  You can find better price and/or free or cheaper shipping elsewhere, such as Tigerdirect.Ok so one nozzle dying is not so bad right? Well once I replaced it then the magenta one died. I was using Canon ink and not cheap replacement ones. I used very good quality paper and photo paper. I am not sure what the cause was but it just kept clogging the nozzles. When it was working right it spent an inordinate amount of time in the purge cycle, basically dumping ink into the pad next to the heads. Frustrated me to no end, mainly because when the nozzle issue happened the first time I burned through 2 other cartridges trying to figure out what happened.Overall the quality was ok, I liked the pictures I made with it until it died. I would buy another Canon product again. I just think I got a lemon with this one. When I bought it it was nearly hundred more dollars. At this price it is now its not a bad deal. My recommendation is to go for it, just be wary of the inks.Thanks for reading my review.I went from a very annoying 5 yo HP ink jet printer to the Pimxa 4000. It is a startling transition; printers have evolved far faster than computers in the past five years.Other reviewers will comment on images, etc. Suffice to say they are extraordinary, you must use Canon papers and inks, etc etc. Here are some points that you may not read elsewhere.1. It's a 50 MB driver installation for XP, about 30MB for OS X! Both drivers are complex. I also installed the borderless printing package on my G3 iBook, but it's too slow to be useable. It's also as ugly as Canon's other OS X software. It's an OS 9 app that's been tweaked to run "native" in OS X; I wonder if it uses some proprietary emulation layer. I suspect the OS 9 version of the same package might be faster.The XP custom install doesn't really let you choose where to put things. The html documentation, for example, ends up in the WINDOWS directory. Weird.2. They say this is a "5 color" printer, but two of them are black. Marketing!3. I almost returned this when the other PIXMAS (5000, etc) came to the US market. On review though, this holds up well. The higher numbered PIXMAs below $200 US mostly have unnecessary gizmos. One of them IS a better photo printer (6 inks), but it seems to be ONLY a photo printer. I need something the kids can print color documents on. There's a $300 PIXMA that is clearly superior (7 colors, 2 black) but it's more than I wanted to spend.4. Most ink jet printers should be used at least weekly, if not every 3-4 days, to keep the nozzles in fine shape. I don't know if that will be true of the PIXMA.5. This is NOT a simple device. It's not trivial to setup or to use. I would not recommend it for someone who's not a photo geek or fond of studying manuals.6. There's no way Canon is making any money on this printer. Clearly their margin is on the supplies.7. Color management is a very dark and extremely misunderstood area. This printer did a plausible job rendering images taken by a Canon camera, processed on a Mac and printed from an XP machine (sRGB profiles on Mac). On the other hand my iBook prints were too yellow. I switched to using ColorSync to control the printing from my iBook. That dramatically slowed printing but produced more plausible colors. I'm still working with this, but I'm currently getting better color results printing from my XP machine than my iBook -- even though all my photos are managed on my iBook.9. It has a parallel port as well as the USB cable. That seems a bit odd. I can't imagine a machine with power enough to use this printer that wouldn't have a USB cable.10. I had trouble doing borderless printing. Eventually I figured out the various complexities of print orientation, image size, etc. I can do borderless printing from Adobe Photoshop Elements and from iPhoto and Graphic Converter. It is quite tricky to set up all the various driver configurations however.Just got it this week from Amazon; upgraded from Epson 740.Things I like:1. Very quite and fast; excellent text quality and good photo quality.2. Ease of use.3. Double sided printing; I love itThings that need improvement:1. While starting a print, it seems to take a couple of minutes thinking... once it starts printing, it is fast. But still doesn't look that fast to me - may be around 15 pages per minute not the claimed 25 pages.2. The front cover seems flimsy. You have to push just a little to open it up. But it falls so hard - you don't expect to fall that fast; could have put a dampener so it comes down and settles nicely.IN all it is a great printer!They worked for me.  Some people mention the software is misaligned when you print it out, but don't rip off any of the preforated edges until your done resulted in everything on the label.  Putting the labels in is a bit difficult, and I had to staple some where I ripped to tab trying to force it in.  Product is made in china.One of the tabs ripped while I was trying to get the paper tabs in and out.  Other than that, the set has held up well.Used these to make a very important binder for work. They are beyond easy to use and help in that you are not having to align holes. MUCH easier than inserts. Highly recommend. Shop for office supplies on Amazon. Very easy to do - especially if you have a prime membership.Nice quality product, quite large tabs and I prefer the rounded. These have worked well in binders and are quite durable. I definitely recommend these!When the cheap-o's just won't do and you want something more professional, these are just the trick. Just combined them with the Avery Flexi-View binder for a client proposal and very pleased with the professional looking results.Tabs take a little finessing, nothing too major. Just be sure to check your top margin on a test sheet first, as I had to play with mine a few times to get it to work on the Word 2007 template. If you plan to use again, which you probably will, then just save your template somewhere for the next time.Then obviously due to the eyeball shape of the tabs, you have to be careful when removing them since their curved nature makes them want to tear. Didn't happen to me once, but I was careful from the start, even more so when I saw it 'start' to happen a couple of times. Handle with care and you'll be just fine, and very pleased that you went to the extra effort.Remember those awful dividers you used in Junior High? With the flimsy pages that tore immediately, and the rectangular tabs in bright, primary colors, that the labels kept slipping out of? They still sell those, sadly, but this product is a remarkable improvement.You get a set of eight dividers, intended to fit in a three-ring binder. The pages are a thin plastic, so they're sturdy and won't easily tear. The tabs are rounded, so they look extremely modern and cool. The colors are updated and sophisticated. Plus, it comes with a sheet of labels that you can either write on by hand, or download a template and print for a more professional appearance.I bought this as an experiment, to organize a binder full of artwork by subject. It works so well, I'm planning to buy at least two more. I can't think of any flaws, so I'm giving this five stars. Recommended for anyone who needs to organize a binder, whether for schoolwork, artwork, or business purposes.Love the colors, it's durable plastic, and you can type the subjects for each tab, with the included free template! As for the price it is reasonable for what it is, as I'm a college student trying to save a few bucks!Name brand that the stores sell, but no getting in the car and wasting gas to go get it and fight lines.This is a decent printer and will give you adequate pictures.  The process is a little slow and the ink packets dry out quickly if not sealed in baggies between uses.  A bit bulky but better than a trip to the photo printer at the big box store.This is absolutely the most user-friendly product we've ever had. Our 9 year old had it up and running in about 15 minutes - and it would have been even quicker if he hadn't had to install the printing cartridge, which was also a simple process, just took a few extra minutes.These are the features we love:1. We can take it with us to family gatherings and print photos on the spot. No computer needed, just a digital camera or even just the memory card from the camera if you want to make copies of existing photos.2. It is lightweight.3. Anyone can follow the directions and have it up and running quickly.4. The photos rival any you'd get from a typical photo developing store. For amateur photographers, this is a great find. If you're a pro, you probably already have your own darkroom, but this would be a nice option for quick pictures.5. The price is right. Should last for years.6. The paper is typical "photo" size.As this is almost the 60th review of this product, I will try not to repeat (too much) what others have already pointed out except to state that  1. It's simply the BEST PHOTO PRINTER Available 2. The printing is VERY S-L-O-W so be patient (as you will be THRILLED with the Photo Quality)and 3. It has become QUITE AFFORDABLE as the prices of their ink and paper have also dropped from $30 to $20 (which calculates to just 20 cents per picture).  And at that price, I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND that you buy the EPSON ink and paper and stay away from the generic brands.Finally, you should "Buy-It-Now" since the printer itself can be had for LESS than $100 !!! There are two reasons for this dramatic Price Drop. First, Epson just released a Newer, Much More Expensive Model that allows you to view the pictures on the LCD (which admittedly is a very NICE feature). With the original Epson PictureMate, you only see the numbered "title" of the pictures. However, you can connect it to your PC and you can view the images on your computer.  Secondly, Epson recently had a $50 rebate on it which is how the Amazon Marketplace Sellers can afford to sell it for so cheap. My only minor complaint (besides the speed) is that there isn't an easy way to add a white border if you connect it to the PC. If you use it as a stand-alone, you can easily adjust the setting. But admittedly, I haven't read the manual in-depth as it is VERY EASY to SET-UP and USE IMMEDIATELY! Your friends and family will be Truly Amazed by its Photo Quality.Epson claims photos printed from PictureMates are waterproof. This oft repeated claim is blatantly false. I'm disappointed that professional reviewers haven't exposed this farce. Newly printed photos seem to have some waterproofing but that quickly disappears. Test it yourself. Simply place a drop of water on a months old photo, wait a few seconds, gently mat the paper. The result is a ruined photo. How is that waterproof?I bought this printer because of the great quality (true) and waterproof photo feature. I'm really disappointed with the waterproof claim. They've duped us all.Kudos to the other photo printer manufacturers for not following suit with equally false claims. It must have been tempting to do so.I've had this printer for over a month now and I've printed over 100 photos from the cartridge that was provided.  I am VERY happy with the quality of the photos.  Not only are they sharp but the color is beautiful and saturated.  AND the prints are finger print proof!!  (I'm very anal about that so this is a huge plus for me.)  As a photographer, they're perfect for giving away as self-promotion items.  I was able to print directly from my computer (I have an Apple G5) and from a USB flash drive without any problems.  I printed a friend's wedding photos in black and white and in color and they couldn't believe it was printed at home.There are only a couple reasons why I did not give this printer 5 stars.  One was the lack of portability.  A battery option would have been nice, especially since it is compact and comes with a handle.  Also, there is no display to see what you are printing.  How can you crop a photo without knowing what you're cropping??I hope Epson will take these things into consideration and include these options in the next model.As for those of you who have had problems with the printer cropping your photos when you didn't ask it to, it is because your camera may not be taking 4x6 photos.  The printer will fit the photo the best it can but it will have to cut some information out in order to print it on the given size of the paper.Overall, I am very happy I got this printer.  I highly recommend it!I have no problem with this tape dispeer i use it in my home and think it is a good product. Dont know how it sould stand up to medium or heavy use because i only use it to seal the occasional envelope.this is a good sturdy tape dispenser, i would recommend it for any office or home office.  solid product, worth the spend.I was tired of those plastic tape dispensers breaking so I bought this on the cheap with Prime Add On. Works great, good weight (not too light), and the tape refill is easy to insert.This dispenser has a nice look and feel to it, easy to fill and use with only one hand. Does what it is made to do, which is always nice, don't you think?  +JMJ+  p.s.: it really looks better than what it shows in the picture.Love the look of it, price was great but if you do a lot of taping as I do, the base is not weighted enough to truly be &#34;one handed&#34; with ease.  If you are just looking for a desk accessory or only use tape now and then-price and looks can't be beat.This is a great tape dispenser that works very well and is the perfect addition to any desk that needs it.looks great on my desk and works wellit has a nice weight to it so it doesn't move as you pullScotch has a good quality, well designed and inexpensive tape dispenser that loads easily and dispenses tape perfectly.  If I needed another one, I'd buy the same kind again.I received what I ordered. But, it would be nice if these were slit folders on the side. If they were open in the middle you could more easily move papers in and out of the pockets.I gave it 4 stars since I received exactly what I ordered.25 pack is probably too much for most.  I just gave mine away as I only needed 5, so I guess I didn't waste them.  Made in usa and comes in a box.Worked how we needed them to. Reasonably priced. Basic dual pocket folders in multi colors. Great for school or business.I like the versatility of these and use them to file receipts, bills, coupons for restuarants, etc.  I like the variety of colors.  Although these are a little thin, they are perfect for whatI will use them for.  The price is great!!!!Sometimes you don't need the very best quality and the better idea is to replace more frequently. The waxy coated ones are nicer but they get just as beat up as these cheaper uncoated ones. Nothing is forever.Surprised at how durable these are and how many sheets they hold. They may be just folders but these don't tear at the pocket when you carry a lot of papers.The price is great.  $7/25 count.  The folders are nice, vivid colors (no bleeding), and the folders are the exact quality that I was looking for.  I was actually pleasantly surprised.  From reading some of the negative reviews prior to purchasing, I wasn't quite sure what I was going to get.(Off season meaning not during back to school.)Daughter needed these for school.  Buying a box of 25 was somehow cheaper than buying 2.  She and I will never need portfolios again. Also...much more durable than the ones sold at the local bargain store.5 colors (orange, blue, green, yellow and red) 5 folders of each color.The two brighter colors are orange and yellow. The blue is more like medium sky blue (lighter than the picture), red and green are as shown in the picture.The only problem is that the inside pockets are fairly stiff, and there is no cut-out in the center to help the paper go in easily - it takes a bit to get the paper to slide in. I may try cutting out a slant on the inside of each pocket and see if that helps with sliding the paper in.These are really your standard pocket folders. If you are looking for something unique, you came to the wrong place, but if you just need some folders, this will be great for you.Despite the "standard-ness," the folders can hold a lot of papers without ripping, so I liked the product.These are not for common use.  This is not a 'stick a paper in it to carry to the xerox machine' folder.  They are way more expensive than the standard manila file folder.  If that is what you're looking for, look atSmead SuperTab File Folders, Letter Size, 11 Point, 1/3 Cut Tab, Manila, 100 Per Box (10301).These are classification folders.  They are for lots of information that you're going to keep sorted and in order in one file.  These work best with a two-hole punchSwingline Comfort Handle 2 Hole Paper Punch (A7074050D)for the top  or side (if you use landscape documents like excel or other spreadsheets.)  I use these for keeping inventories of various collections and case management at work.  These are heavy and solid.  They are durable and will last.  The center is reinforced with fabric-like tape and expands to hold a lot of pages.  Each 'face' has metal fasteners to hold papers in place.  They come in standard colors (red/ light blue/dark blue/green/red/yellow) so they work with your organizational system.  A lot of Smead products - and for that matter a lot of good commercially available products use that color system, so this all works together well.I like these a lot.I was hoping for a bit larger girth on these as they are meant for sorting larger files by allowing you to break them down into sections within the same folder.I found the limit of about 100 pages, after that it seems a bit overloaded.. I guess two inches of expansion is not as much as you would think.Also as another reviewer noted a corded closer would be helpful to close the folder and keep its contents inside when moving it from bag to drawer or desk/cabinetI've never used these before, but will be using them for projects and testing that is ongoing. This is a great way to keep input and reports from various sources (pertaining to one project) in the same place without getting lost in a pile of paper with no order.PS We are also using these to keep our tax papers in order.These are pretty sturdy and hold a lot of paper in them.  Makes them great for organizing piles of paper, especially if you want to collect a couple of different piles under a larger heading (like House Bills - Power, Telephone, Wireless, Lawn, etc.)  Only problem is you need to prep the piles of paper with punching holes for the clasps.  So, I find it easier to just continue throwing them into manila folders in a drawer.These folders are well worth the price. I have seen them in doctors' offices but they looked a tad flimsier. They probably were. Now I have tested them for fit in my fancy wood file cabinet and they add class to it. My trials so far are for genealogy to keep families together, and for AutoCAD projects. I have plans for other uses.  It took me a while to get used to the fasteners; now I see they keep loose papers from creeping out of the folders.You should at least buy a pack for experiments.These folders came at just the right time. Time to sort and file your year-end papers. The Smead name has come to mean sturdy well-made products. These aren't the usual variety store quality... they're made to last even under heavy use. They make filing a breeze. Highly recommended!Smead's recycled classification folders gets rid of paper clutter. I can now file my paper clutter into these handy folders with dividers. There are six fasteners at the top of each file to hold your papers together. The folders are well made and not flimsy. I hate flimsy cheap folders. These folders are sturdy and will be around years from now. They also have a reinforced spine that makes for keeping your paper straight and protected. There are five different colored folders.One note is I like the different folder colors because it makes it easy to know which folder I am searching for quickly. I plan on using them for filing away written treasured recipes from family and friends. These folders will hold a ton of paper files. They stretch out at least 2 inches! I highly recommend them!Folders are an important part of organization and Smead Classification Folders make organization easier with their multiple dividers and sections.  With two dividers, each folder has a total of three sections for storage and six sections to attach paper. Fasteners exist at the top of each section, on each side, and they work by punching the pointed metal tip through sheets of paper and then folding the metal fasteners back. They can come in very handy for those who desire a means to separate notes into sections.Another quality I like with these Smead folders is the reinforced spine. Some folders gradually break apart in this area, but these folders have reinforcement to extend their useful life. The reinforcement isn't anything extreme. It isn't made of metal or anything like that, but it is still more than what you will find with most folders and it is just enough to keep the folders from breaking down. I also like the fact that the reinforced spine has an accordion- style base. This is nice because it means the folders will expand a little bit to accommodate more paper. Additional expansion would be nice, but these folders still earn points for offering this feature.Labeling is an important part of organization and these folders do offer a tab for attaching a label or writing in something as a label, both on the main folder and on each insert.  These tabs could be improved, however, if they were a little taller. They offer a good deal of width, but they are very limited in height so there is little space on which to write a comment or attach a label. I have found that an added extender tab is necessary in order to have enough space to create a label.I like to stay organized and these Smead folders are good at their intended purpose. Whether you are a student, teacher, businessperson, or just someone who has things to organize and needs multiple separation sections, these Smead folders can make your life much more orderly.These folders are not inexpensive, at $4+ each, and are not meant to replace manilla folders. They are specifically intended for multi-category projects, including business presentations, tax organization, legal matters, etc., requiring segregation of data. They combine the features of a folder with a primary tab, and individual internal sections, also tabbed.They do require access to a two-hole punch to secure sheets to each individual section. This appears to be the only inconvenience, hence the 4 stars. All construction is of sturdy, thick cardboard, and it appears they will endure numerous and repeated uses.These brightly colored folders encourage organization of data presentation(s), and allow easy access to your personal and legal records.I am a long-time user of Smead's partition/classification folders. My experience is that they not only hold up well to daily use, they really hold a lot of paper (2" per the item description).I initially started using these folders when doing court/trial work. I'd use the folders to keep same case witness information in the same place.  The folders made it very easy to flip through & find what I wanted during court appearances and when writing/answering pleadings.I also use the folders to keep credit card statements in one file (ie, business credit card, personal credit card, gas credit card, etc.).  The file w/in a file feature allows me to put all of these into a final annual folder to file away as tax back-up.I have never had a cover split nor a tyvek-reinforced spine tear open.  The interior tabs also stay in place even when loaded down with paper.  For lighter paper use, I just fold the fasteners out to keep my papers in place.  For thicker files, I'd use the metal piece that locks in the fastenersOfficemate Prong Paper Fastener, Compressors. 2.75 inch Base, Box of 100 (99855).These folders also come in legal size.  Happy Filing!This was my mistake, I thought it was a pocket folder. It's not. It has metal tabs that you can use to file papers which are punched out. So it's good for receipts and records (like medical records), etc. But you still need to punch holes in your papers to file them.The folders themselves are nice and sturdy.I love this useful twist on a simple folder.The folder-within-a-folder idea makes organizing complex projects much easier. I'm using them to organize call sheets, shooting schedules, and edited scripts for a movie-making friend of mine.I've found that this filing system makes it so much easier to find what you're looking for quickly.Overall, these folders are incredible handy for all sorts of projects--they're well worth the price!These folders are sturdy; much more so than the typical manila folder. The thickness is comparable to a report cover. They are expandable to allow you to store plenty of paperwork within each folder. I like the dividers within the folder to help group papers, but still keep in one folder. If you punch holes in the tops of your papers and use the fasteners, the papers will be secure in your folder. However, I didn't realize the sides were open, so unless you are keeping the folders in a file drawer or box, you will need to use the fastener to keep the papers from falling out. The five colors make it easier to organize your papers and find what you need.It a well-made folder for both home or office use.The sad state of my personal filing system finally motivated me to upgrade to the Smead Classification Folders in assorted colors. Unfortunately, these folders have several drawbacks. Here's a quick sum up:-This type of folder requires a two-hole puncher so you can attach papers to the sides of the folders, using the metal fasteners. As long you are fine punching holes in the papers you intend filing, it doesn't matter, but obviously this wouldn't work for some documents.-The files are marketed as sturdy, but in my house files tend to migrate everywhere: Under the bed, on top of tables, in closets, in clothes drawers (sorry to confess that). After a month my files are showing definite signs of wear and tear, and I think they would last about a year. If your files will be spending their life in a file cabinet that's one thing, but if you will be handling them often, this may not be the right choice.-I like to fill my files with things other than papers, such as stuffed envelopes I intend to mail later, and books of checks. The open sides and overall design of the Smead files make this kind of filing impractical.-Far too high a price for only 5 files, considering the drawbacks and the lack of true sturdiness if you are going to handling them a lot.In conclusion, not worth the asking price unless you have very specific projects that would benefit from the fastener set-up. If that is the case, bump the rating to 4 stars. Otherwise:GRADE: B-Nice, heavy duty folders.  The dividers within work great for separating different types of papers.  Each folder contains 6 prong style fasteners should you wish to secure documents to the folder.  Strong Tyvek tape holds folder together nicely.  Color coded, so files can be easily categorized and located.  On the downside, they don't have sides on them like pocket folders do, so small, unsecured papers can fall out, plus the folders are quite pricey.This is a great time of the year to get these Smead Dividers/Folders for organizing those papers that are forevermore accumulating and getting lost.  Get them organized in these coloful folders, labeled and put away where you can find them later in the year.  They are super strong so you will not have to worry about them getting squashed or wrinkled in the drawers.  Just right for your hanging files or pretty on a shelf. Mine came from Amazon at just the right time!!Smead 100% Recycled Classification Folder, Letter, 2/5 Right Of Center, 2 Dividers, Green, 5 Per Pack (14057)Very impressed with the quality of these folders. They are thick and sturdy and I expect them to hold up after repeated use. Inside each folder are prongs to hold your papers in the front and in back of the folder as well as dividers that have prongs as well. Great for sorting papers, keeping up with jobs, etc.Can't wait to try these out for job orders. Easy to separate which jobs have been completed and which ones still need fulfilled all within one folder.Definitely recommend.When a regular folder won't do but a binder is just a bit too much the Smead Classification Partition folder is a great option.  It offers the organization of a folder and filing system with 2" expansion and separate partitions for more organization.The spine is reinforced with Tyvec and the folders are made of a durable, recycled pressboard.  There are 5 organization folders per package and each is sturdy an serves as a great option when a binder is too much and a regular folder is too little.  They take the 2-hole punch (2/5 right of center) and offer offer top flip through style like a clipboard.  They differ from a regular 3-ring binder in this way.If you have a project that needs dividers within dividers, this organization system might be just the thing for you.Durable, expandable and functional.At my home my papers were in shambles, so I ordered these.  They need a 2 hole puncher, which seems to be nary impossible to buy for a decent price.  Finally I went to Office Max and they were over $17 so I picked up one from Amazon (at a very good price) before I could even try these.Wow!  They are sturdy cardboard, and have several pages of dividers.  My receipts and bills have never been so happy.  With the prongs the papers don't slide out and I can just turn pages to get to what I want, like a book.  Who said a folder is a folder?  Nobody, I guess, but I never thought it would make so much difference what I used.When you use a folder with pockets, papers can still spill out when you drop them, same with manilas.  These just stay put, and they expand to 2" so for my simple home needs they take care of lots of clutter easily.  I'm so glad I tried these.The Pros:1. The fasteners are durable (must bend them beyond flat during re-fastening, or they may get caught on the fastener facing directly opposite of them)2. The covers, individual dividers, and spine are also durable and it took some work in order to get one to rip. I don't see them ripping for the casual-to-medium user and should hold up to heavy filing for a while, provided the user isn't careless with them.3. The 2-inch expansion (via accordian-like binding) allows the folders to carry a fair amount of paperwork without having to add an additional folder for the overflow (unless you require more than 6 separate categories to be filed within each folder)4. Indispensable for medical or legal offices. Everyone I've worked at was littered with these folders, so, a must have for those professions/personal uses, which file material in a similar manner.The Cons1. Somewhat expensive, for what you get. If you think you may end up using more than one folder for a particular subject/topic, you may be better off purchasing an individual ring binder that would allow as many individual dividers as you wanted to be imported into the folder and would do it in a "cleaner" way.2. It irked me a little to have to be sure and bend the fasteners down beyond flat  in order to keep them from snagging on each other. I'm pretty sensitive to chalkboard-scratch-type noises , so the split-second the noise lasts while opening the folder pretty much forced me into making sure the fasters where bent all the way down and secure.  I got the hang of it after a few dozen filings. A simple divider in between these would prevent that, although it would also add a slight bit of bulk, as well as an additional cost.For me, these serve as great starter folders for subjects I'm collecting information on to begin with. After a certain amount of paperwork is collected, the paperwork can be transported into a ring or other type of folder that allows better categorizing of contents.  For those needing 6 or less separations per subject/filing/etc. these will provide a space-saving and economical way to organize and subdivide your material.I wasn't sure if I would have a lot of use for these.  But after I got them, I found that they came in VERY handy for different subjects that I collect information on, and that I do research on. They actually have done a much better job at organizing the information, than the files I had them the information in before.  The gusset is really helpful!  (I had seen this type file before for legal cases, but it turns out they're great for other things too!)  At first, I didn't like these folders because of the cheap pages inside, which I had thought would be sturdy, solid colored folder like the outside, and they are not.  They are recycled brown paper.  But after I started using them, I realized it didn't matter, and the whole point was it's recycled, after all!  I have now used the whole pack of 5, and am very happy with them, and will be buying more of these in the future!I highly recommend these, especially for subjects you have information on, which it helps to have divided into different places.I really liked these expandable folders.  I have always used loose manila folders to organize inside larger folders, but that becomes bulky fast.  These dividers make it easy to have one folder for several subjects in a compact package.  Way I used mine included having a folder for my car papers and using the dividers to separate insurance papers from maintenance papers.I am constantly trying to keep all my papers straight for the classes I teach, so folders are always a good idea. These are bright and sturdy; just folders with tabs, but they do the job, and I do enjoy working with bright, cheerful colors in any product.These are good weight cardboard folders with a pleated binder to stretch and fit your documents.There is no closure on them, which would have come in handy for keeping documents securely in place, although there are two pairs of pointed prongs for piercing and holding documents.They come in bright colors which is nice, so you can identify subjects by color. The yellow in particular is very vivid and eye catching.Great folders all in all.Replaced some "cheesier" old and beaten file folders had -- which were falling apart. The folders can hold quite a bit of paper.If I can somehow close the sides of the folder ...bdaa-bing! ... an expandable folder file to really stick it the hundreds of useless government type form letters, fraudulent hospital bills...., a denial of military medical records form letter (I'm "too stupid" apparently to understand basis medical diagnosis - I'm not). These folders shall become my weapons against health care fraud and those that purvey it.So for instance yellow folder will be "CARDIOLOGY" ... doc writes down the secret codes ... but with a little help I know what the chicken scratch writing said:2011 ICD-9-CM Diagnosis Code 782.3 = Edema2011 ICD-9-CM Diagnosis Code 794.31 = Nonspecific abnormal electrocardiogram (ecg) (ekg)2011 ICD-9-CM Diagnosis Code 786.51 = Precordial pain- Precordial pain is pain in the chest wall over the heart.Blue folder can be drug reactions: Celebrex ALONE can cause massive edema over time .. add that to a mix of ten drugs and you've solved your own problems. However it is understandable if you are being undermedicated at the pain management center. Dr. K's medications do help the pain levels slightly subside  - suicide would be the only other option with such severe knee injuries (medial meniscal fissure, damaged patella in the right leg) and a partial bucket handle tear in the left leg.... So I know to grab the yellow folder when hunting for health care & show the pharmacist the blue folderThe Tyvex reinforced spine along with the sturdy pressboard construction ... I give them the thumbs up. With nearly endless amounts of  paperwork it is possible to color code things.Fabulous folders from a well known brand name - sturdy and eyecatching, these folders will last longer than the paper you put in them. I like the sustainability of using 100% recycled products even in the home office. These folders are perfect for complex subjects needing sub-filing.Described as part of the "Sustainable Forestry Initiative" these are letter-size pressboard office folders.  The spine, expandable to 2", is reinforced with tape billed as Tyvek.  The folder has a metal paper fastener inserted through perforations on both front and back, about a half-inch down from the top.  There is a slightly smaller inner cardboard folder, permanently attached to the outer folder, also reinforced along the spine.  This inner folder, which functions as a pair of dividers, also has a metal fastener attached to the top of both sides of each divider, for a total of six fasteners.  A two-hole punch is useful to make the most of the fasteners.The index tabs on the outer folders are all in roughly the center position.  The inner dividers also have tabs, one at the middle position and the other at the lower position.These folders are neat in appearance, strong, and useful for storing and organizing paperwork, whether or not you want to punch holes and use the fasteners.  They are much less bulky than a three ring binder and keep things orderly.  The different bright colors make it fast and easy to grab the one you need.After decades of using them, I would have told you a folder is just a folder, period.  Then I was given the opportunity to use these Smead's, just as I was beginning to wrestle with the stacks of papers that have built up through my latest project.  By combining standard file folders with the old accordion organizers that I used as an undergrad, these give me the best of both worlds.  I can group a bit of given material in one color and then easily subdivide it through the internal dividers.  It might have been better still if Smead had taken the obvious next step of actually turning the dividers into pockets, perhaps with some kind of a snap system so that it could be opened and create further versatility. All and all, it is still a worthwhile product, though I do have some reservations with regard to the price point of almost four dollars per unit.The colors are great, so that you can often grab a file without reading. I've got lots of three ring binders but they often take up too much space. I recently used one for a trip, organized by reservation/boarding passes, car reservations/maps, hotels, schedules and agendas, & meeting materials.I'm not sure how much better it was, because I missed having a couple of sleeves, but it sure was less bulky. Also handy for taxes and many other purposes. Very Expaaaaaaaaaandable.These Smead partition folders are letter size, come with brightly colored sturdy pressboard covers and are constructed of 100% recycled stock. They seem to be designed for a well-stocked office as they have six metal fasteners that hold top punched paper which is inconvenient if you don't have a hole  puncher.Really great folders.  We use them at home for all our filing, and they keep everything nice and neat and organized.  They're sturdy and well-made, I would definitely buy them again.SMEAD (wondering how they decided on that name--family last name?) offers a folder, divider, and document attachment system with an emphasis on DURABILITY. This valued characteristic applies to the the covers, dividers, and spine.  They also come in attractive colors, a boost for organization and to office morale!There's a 2-inch accordian-like expansion capability that enables the folders to contain a reasonably useful amount of documents and others papers, all organized nicely (please see the short but vidually informative video on the product page here).They're a little expensive, but if you're puchasing for an office and you're not hit too hard as we come out of the recession, not a biggie... (that sounds so irresponsible, I know!)  You're paying for that durability mentioned earlier, some nice design features, and perhaps a little premium for the Smead name.  I also have to applaud the company for using recycled materials.I agree with another reviewer who characterized these as "great starter folders" for inital information collection/storage.  After a while, you may wish to move your documents to a 3-ring binder that might enable better efficiency in viewing, retrieving, and reorganzing mutlitple sheets of paper at a time.  Smead has a LOT of document organizing and storage "solutions," take alook at some of the othrs to see if they may be more appropriate.  Happy SMEADing!These Smead classification folders are great for projects, financial files and so much more. They are made from 100% recycled content and are very durable and expandable. I can stuff so many papers into these, keeping everything neat and organized.With fasteners attached to the front and back panels as well as the divider panel, each classification folder has up to six separate filing surfaces so you can quickly and easily categorize types of documents. They expand to hold up to 2 inches of paperwork. They are available in standard green as well as assorted colors for easy color-coding. They are great for organizing. Highly recommended.These file folders are sturdy and colorful.They are intended for attaching papers via a metal buckle on the top. So you punch two holes in the top of a paper (or stack of papers), unfold the metal buckle, put the points through the paper holes, and flatten.Each folder has two internal dividers.I use manila file folders inside hanging folders when I need to keep some papers separated.  Works fine and does the job.Well, these folders are great.  I can now keep things organized and together in the same folder.  And if I punch the holes in the top of the papers I can secure them and make sure they don't fall out.Nice.  Not only will I use them for my files, but also in helping me organize business papers and have them handy.The folders seem sturdy as well.I really like these folders. You can keep your project together and have three subtopic folders within your project folder. There are even two, two-prong fasteners for attaching key documents. Very nice. And I can gather up my project and put it neatly in my bag. And they fit in my file drawers!These are much sturdier than the manila folders and hanging file folders I have in my home office. These are made with heavier covers and a reinforced spine. The dividers are made from recycled cardboard and are lighter in weight.The product description does a great job of describing the features of these folders.I plan to use them for getting my records organized for my piano students and I'll be able to keep a file of the different quizzes and activities I have them do. The one drawback to this system is that I have to punch holes in the top of the pages and it isn't as easy to remove pages or move them around. However, that's also a plus because papers will stay put if I drop the file.Any business that uses these regularly will find the durability and expandability (up to 2 inches) a great asset to a filing system. It's also a great tool for organizing a project that has multiple phases or categories.At this price tag, the folder is really a bargain. I find it very useful to carry my documents around. The folder is made of hard paper which is recyclable as advertised. It is also very light weight. I am really happy with it. Would recommend this folder to my friends.I am going to use these in a separate box file to collect notes taken to use later. Every side, overall six, can be used to organize documents by sub category within a specific project. I have seen people use it in meetings regarding children's IEP. The advantage compared to a binder is the smaller bulk. It must be practical for students on different subjects.It's hard to know exactly what to think of these folders.  For a product such as this, my judgment critera are utility and durability. How easy are the folders to use, how well do they suit my intended purpose, and how will they stand up to sometimes rigorous office use?Taking the second criterion first, the folders are very sturdy and very well made. The outsides are made of tough cardboard-like material that is unlikely to wear significantly even under heavy use. The inside dividers are naturally somewhat less heavy, but more than adequate for the simple duty of separating papers. The prongs used to hold papers punched with two holes at the top are often the weak point; if they are opened and closed constantly to remove and insert papers, they might be subject to failure from metal fatigue. While I haven't used the folders for a long enough period of time to see if this will indeed happen, it looks unlikely. The prongs seem strong enough to last, although pliable enough (just about) to not be difficult to use. Overall, then, I'd have to say that the folders rate right at the top for durability.Unfortunately, I can't say the same for utility. The design of these folders seems a little strange. There are the aforementioned metal prongs; there's nothing really new here. There are two dividers, allowing papers to be stored in three groups or sections. Again, nothing really new.What is unusual is the combination of interior dividers and prongs. How is this supposed to work? It would seem, offhand, that you can only use the prongs to hold  papers in the third, backmost section of the folder. However, the dividers are cut so that you can slip them between pages that are held by the prongs. But would you really want to do that? It would make access to interior pages quite difficult. Or, perhaps the idea is to use the folders one way or another: Use dividers to separate sections of pages, or ignore the dividers and secure punched sheets with the prongs. But that leads to the next problem.There are no side walls on these folders, and there can't be any, because then using prongs to secure pages would be difficult, perhaps impossible, and pointless. But if you store a lot of pages--- enough to justify sectioning--- wouldn't you rather have side walls so that the pages don't potentiallly spill out when the folders are carried, or while being removed from often-jammed filing cabinets?In short ,the folders seem like a compromise design, attempting to combine two different usage styles, and ultimately falling short at both. I think you'd be better off buying separate, single-purpose folders. I'm not going to be using these except for casual purposes. For general office usage, I'll turn to other options.First off, I love the 5-star fact that these Smead Brights Partition Folders are made from 100% recycled stock (30% post-consumer).  Yet I want to emphasize that the partitions are TOP-LOADERS, that is, you would use these folders to organize 8.5 by 11 papers that have been punched with 2 holes at the top (and not the more common 3 holes punched at the sides).  I used hundreds of a similar plain brown product when I was doing case management, so I can attest to the fact that it is wonderful to have 6 different filing surfaces in one folder.  But I may be out of touch with the document world because I have never used top-punched paper anywhere other than a clinical setting.  Still, for 2-hole punch applications,  I think you will appreciate the construction, including the Tyvek-reinforced spines and the color choices.  I plan on finding a neat way to use these in my craft/sewing studio.These files are great for subdividing your file drawer. They are much sturdier than ordinary manila folders and the dividers inside coupled with the expandability of the folder allows room for many documents. The 2 hole fasteners give you the option of further securing the documents. Added to this is the five different colors to help distinguishing one from another. These will take up a lot less space in the file drawer than a loose leaf binder.Smead Classification Folders are very Sturdy. Nice way to organize up to 3" full of papers. I use these for homeschooling, great way to classify each subject in different colors. I like the fact these come in assorted colors and that they are 100% recycled, so better for the environment.These are very well-made folders that will last a long time. The stock is quite heavy and resists bending under normal handling and use and the internal dividers are staggered to allow you to label them separately. The dividers are actually separate pockets instead of simple dividers, so your documents will be kept securely and will not fall out the end of the folder as with standard open-end file folders.These folders are great for office use and even for keeping files organized at home. I would recommend them with absolutely no hesitation!Five starsThis expanding folder is really great and I think, in the future it will soften a little at the bending and expanding points.  This folder always wants to close and not expand.  All bending points and expansion points are plastic.  I am in hopes that it will ease up over time and not crack.If you need a more friendly expanding file folder, I would recomment one with cloth expansion areas.  I store charcoal drawings in this one so it is well suited on keeping the drawings protected and flat.  The hard part is getting the drawings in and out without wrinkling the drawings..These are great and really helps me keep organized! There's about 12 slots and they hold quite of bit of paper. I'm self employed and used it to keep track of all my business expenses, receipts, tax documents, etc for 2013. It's sturdy and didn't fall apart on me. I'm getting a new one for my 2014 receipts!I bought this to organize my receipts and it is very good so far.  It has already been over a year and still in great shape.  Also easy for me to find a receipt by the month.I bought this for my 19 year old son so he could keep all of his papers in order. I was pleased with the material which is strong. I expect it to last a long time. It is well designed and constructed.I really like to use expanding files at work for everyday.  These files are very handy and keep all my larger project papers together even when I don't need to look at them everyday.I purchased this one and another and I love them equally.  I am reorganizing my office and these expandable pockets are excellent for organizing and storing stuff you can put out of sight and easily access later.Hold my files.  About the same as the products you see at office stores.  The elastic band is a pain at times, my old ones were velcro and easier to open. I could not find them.  Comes with labels for the dividers.every single day I'm using it for papers from the office and personal things as well. The rubber-band broke early, but the file itself held together well.Holds a lot of papers.  Secures them well.  Made of a very sturdy material. Very reasonable folder for the price.The yearly quest for another folder capable of holding all of the usual receipts, statements, bills, insurance and medical records and enduring the wear and tear of daily use has been simplified and streamlined by Amazon's offering of this Smead expanding file.  Moreover, Amazon's convenient reminder reveals that last year at this time I paid 20% more for the same folder (the slight hitch is that apparently there's a bit of a hold-up with delivery, though usually such delays are briefer than the company's estimates).Unlike numerous folders of the past, especially the ones made of stiff paper, this one doesn't show the least amount of wear--not even a tiny rip or tear.  Even the elastic band that secures the cover to the folder is intact and tight.  Choose your 13 categories wisely (it helps to see how well you did last year and make adjustments as necessary).  I keep the folder standing up under my desk (sometimes propped against my computer's subwoofer) and, despite getting bumped and kicked around, it frankly looks good as new after a full year's use.  In fact, it's tempting to simply empty it out, paste a new label over the 2011 one, and get another year's use out of it.  All the same, you can at least stuff it up in the attic (or down in the basement) with confidence that your records will be protected and available should you, heaven forbid, need them (I suspect I'm not alone in hoping I can safely forget about them).These arrived quickly and were even better than i had anticipated. I hadn't realized the the bottom stretches out and allows for the folder to stand up on it's own. It will meet my needs nicely. I won't say 5.99 is an 'excellent' price, but it certainly is a fair and reasonable price. I would recommend these.Good price for a high quality expanding file. Only 13 pockets, but I think it will fit a lot of paper without falling apart like other files.cheap plastic casing and inks will dry easily because of the opening at the tip but a hassle free all in one go purchase if you need a large number of colorsI don't know about you, but when I highlight, I like to use different colors to color-code notes AND I could be anywhere -- sitting in a car waiting for a kid, sitting outside trying to catch some sunlight while I work, laying on the couch, or working at my desk. So I don't want to be worried about caps of various highlighters rolling around or falling down between my car seats.Yes, it's true, these don't last as long as the fuller barreled highlighter with tops. But if you actually retract them when not actively highlighting, I find they last a good long time. Just don't expect to leave them exposed for a couple hours and get the use you would out the fatter capped version. For me, convenience of use outweighs longevity.Great Sharpies!  I use them as highlighters for my school notes. The colors are very vibrant. I have had them for a couple months now and they have not dried out. The inks are still going strong. I am able to highlight extensive amounts of text. This makes me quite pleased. I can color code with ease. It's a great tool to have and very useful for studying.  The ability to click them open with one hand, since they are retractable, is perfect. It helps me study without having to take breaks or having to pause to recap my highlighters. These markers are all about design and efficiency!Glad I did get this and I'm very please with these Sharpie markers and highly recommend these markers to anyone who want to buy them. 100% pleasethese are great. I work in a hotel and I need to carry highlighters with me. The retractable ones are great because I don't have to worry about a cap.Pros:-Love simple but great ideas. I am a klutz, so there are more than a few times I lose the cap of my markers or forget to seal it back. This is not as bad for a ballpoint pens, but for markers, forget it. Next day, the tip is as dry as a board.-It is a one-piece writing device.-8 available colorsCons:-Tip is a wedge and not the round types, so you need to position the marker properly in your hand to use it.-You still need to remember to click it back to retract. :)I am a Graduate Student and very visual with my learning.  Therefore, I highlight all of the details of any required reading assigned.  So, I am constantly taking off the cap, and placing the cap back on, so my sharpie does not dry out during my 4-7 hours of reading that is needed on a daily basis.  Now, all I have to do is click - until the next section that needs to be highlighted.  Thank you sharpie.  I do not know if students were on your mind - but you have helped me immensely. I use up my sharpies more from them being dried out before they are over used.  I usually have to add a small drip of water and close the  cap for the night in order to continue using it, if I forget to place the cap back on my sharpie or if I just 'do not want' to always have to place the top on and off during my study time.Went together super easily with NO tools!!Some other reviewers talked about this being flimsy, and needing screws to put it together?  It seems that we didn't get the same product. These are really solid when assembled correctly.  I suspect they didn't quite get the tabs into the right places when assembling.We ordered 2 of these and they were packed very differently but both had the instructions. Tip: PUT THE DOORS ONTO THE BACK BEFORE PUTTING THIS COMPLETED SECTION INTO THE BOTTOM - if you do that it fits perfectly, tightly & securely.  There are little tabs that have to slide into each other and if you miss those I can see how it might be unstable.Others also mentioned they wanted to do more than just keep the doors from opening by adding an actual padlock of some sorts.  I cannot speak to this as we are actually using this in our laundry room so the latch that comes with it is plenty sufficient.  I'm not sure what good a lock would do because if someone really wanted to steal the contents they could either take the whole cabinet or just remove the top.  This is plastic, it's not a safe.  Maybe to keep kids out a padlock would be sufficient?Both of our units arrived with out any damage and I had them both assembled by myself in about 20 minutes.We are stacking 2 units and using them in our laundry room.  Love it. LOVE it.Super deal.  I looked other places and found these exact cabinets for more money and I'd have had to wrangle them into my car.I am sure we'll find more uses & be ordering more in the future.This is my second Suncast product for my patio. The first went together so quickly and easily I didn't doubt that this one would assemble just as easily. It was delivered last night and this morning, after 15 minutes, was on my patio fully assembled.I didn't use the (second) top shelf as I wanted to put bottles of spray and other taller items on one shelf along with my gardening bag. The bottom shelf will be perfect for the rest of my planters and frost covers.Another nice purchase from Amazon and Suncast!I read the reviews on Rubbermaid storage and sure glad I did buy that junk. This is made pretty good. It has a foot latch on the bottom and a place for a lock on the top of the doors. I'm not sure yet if anyone makes a lock that will fit it though. Ordinary padlocks won't work. You may be able to find a long hasp lock that will fit. I have two split rings and a small lock on it right now. Not much security but it keeps honest people out. I have it on my newly built patio and I attached 2 X 6's to the wall and screwed the cabinet to them. So at least someone can't walk away with it.You need to get some small screws and nuts to hold it together. It pretty flimsy but is okay when you add your own screws. Nothing like Rubbermaids junk though. There are no black holes or other items in the nightmare reviews like those on Rubbermaid. I'm an aerospace design engineer so I see plenty of design features that could be better. But for the $69 I paid for it and a few screws it's okay.For the money I was expecting slightly thicker plastic, and I don't much like that the doors will pop out if you open them too far. However, the top is a great height as a light work surface and the whole thing is sturdy after super-easy assembly. It's perfect for our gardening and random porch items, it just doesn't feel like the world's best deal or a product I'd go out of my way to find again in the future.I purchased this for my home office as it was large and accommodates a padlock so I can keep my kids from getting into my stuff.  It was easy to put together (no tools needed).  Quality was good enough to meet my needs.We use this to card to bring items we need for a weekly event from one floor to another. I don't know why we didn't get it years ago. We were able to customize the shelves/handles to make it work for our storage bins. So far we have had no issues with quality. It's great.I was very pleased with the cart as far as size and maneuvering but it discolored when left outside and that was very disappointing.I have really enjoyed using my new cart around the office . . . I only gave it 4 stars because the holes that you line up on each shelf were a little "wonky" but with a little muscle and help I was able to put it together in no time . . . This cart is very sturdy and has been a great asset to my office :)This little cart is perfect for many jobs around the house. I bought it basically to use when cooking out, as we can load it up with all the things we will need for our cookouts, such as seasonings, utensils, platters and other necessities, and have them all at our fingertips while cooking. Then after washing the utensils and dishware in our outdoor sink, we can bring it all back into the house to put away. Then it goes into the shed for storage.We also use it to bring our groceries from the car and saves making several trips. And it works great for parties and family get-togethers. It is easy to clean and looks nice. It is well made, very durable and rolls easily on all hard surfaces. The foot brakes on the one set of wheels prevents unwanted roll-aways. The product is great and so is the price.Easy to assemble - no tools necessary except for a rubber mallet or hammer & block of wood.Very sturdy and the large wheels roll over door sills with little resistance. Be sure to locate handle as pictured so the handle bracket is flush against the bottom of the top shelf.When installing wheels on the legs just invert the leg with the open end up & position the wheel shaft in the leg tube and tap the leg on the floor a few times and wheels seat themselves.Good product at a reasonable price & quick Amazon delivery.I needed something to hold my stacks of genealogy paperwork.  This cart is just great.  It's sturdy and has wheels.  Now I don't have to physically carry reams of paper from one room to another.  If I had room, I'd buy a few more of these.Solid, looks good, holds a lot. I've got it holding boxes of cards and papers that I need to get to daily, but otherwise can be pushed to the wall to give more room around my desk.I needed this cart to move an old, heavy tube TV. It did the job... but not until I beat the daylights out of each of the 3 metal shelves that make up the cart! Not one of them was square or even close to it. In fact, you could easily see the wire grid pattern wasn't even close to straight. It is chrome and it did support the TV no problem. But, it was made in China and it shows. I only rate it 3 stars because for the price, it was the cheapest I could find. Not sure about durability, but so far the chrome looks good and the wheels are heavy duty. Here's a tip, make sure the handle is put on BELOW the top shelf or any oversized articles you place on top will hit the handle!This is my third Dr. Grip pen I own, and I wish I had started with these from the beginning. I own the regular ballpoint, gel, and now this pen, and I must say that this is the best to write with, and the quality/flow/darkness of the ink is the best of all. I love that it's a little heavier, because I find it easier on the hand. The ballpoint allows for me to use it to sign receipts and write on other glossy paper, which was the problem I was experiencing with the gel pen. I love the clear/silver barrel and charcoal grip on the one I got, it makes the pen look much more professional and expensive than the bright purple regular ballpoint one I have. I am ecstatic to find that Pilot makes refills for these, so that this pen can be my favorite pen forever and ever!As a doctor, I am always writing - prescriptions, chart notes, test results, signing documents. After years of this, carpal tunnel is an issue for me and I was in the market for a pen "gentler" on my hands than most. My additional problem is that I am left handed, so I need a pen whose ink does not smear.I usually write with my MontBlanc which meets the ink qualifications, but as for all day, every day comfort, the Dr. Grip can't be beat, hands down.Arthritis sufferers, carpal tunnel, or just plain tired hands from exhaustive writing, this should be your pen. Enough said.This is very easy to use and has become my primary writing tool.  My only beef is with the black ink (rather than blue) and an odd-sized filler.I have had good luck with this pen and look forward to many miles of notes and journal entries.This is a heavy pen like the Rotrings but at a fraction of the price.  Gotten for a man.  I tried it and didn't like it as it was too heavy but it was perfect for him.  The gravity center means that it will always point the right way immediately.  The sensa like barrel is well done.  Nice &#34;click&#34; sound.  Looks and feels better than it's price.  Recommended for people who like their pens firm, and solid.I've been using the Pilot Dr.Grip pen recently for taking lecture notes and other tasks and have had a good experience with it. Please see image upload to see a real photo of the pen in all it's glory.Pros:- Comfortable soft gel grip- Gravity centered- Hefty pen- Good clicking pen- Separable pieces- Comes in various colors (I chose orange)- Simplicity in designCons:- Perhaps the price, but that is for you to decide.Overall, an worthy pen in my collection.I like these pens as they are wider than my typical pen and fit nicely in my hand.  The rubber coating is nice to hold and the pen does not slip out of my fingers.  The ink flows smoothly from the pen and does not smear at all.  This is the only pen i use at work and I tend to buy 3 at a time.  They tyipcally last a year or so before they get thrown out.Shhhh! Did you know the secret that there are 2 high end German pen companies? If you are a pen geek, that's a retorical question. However, since "real" people only buy pens for writing and are not into collecting, this might be a surprise. The truth is that Lamy makes very nice pens and most are sold at a fraction of similar pens from more-famous Montblanc.This line - Safari - has it all covered. Ball pen, roller ball, fountain and mechanical pencil. The ball pen has a solid click to it, a strong clip and triangle grip - nice. I also have the Roller, Fountain and Mechanical pencil and they are all outstanding and great value.Note, no matter what Lamy ballpoint point pen you buy - regardless of the cost - they all use the same refill. (Not to be confused with their capless roller ball refill - M66. This is killer refill but doesn't work in this line.) Anyway, this relatively inexpensive pen writes as well as their most pricy ball pen models. That's information, in these tough times, you can take to the bank. As stated above, I have all of the pens in this line and I think they all represent outstanding value. I say, give Lamy a shot. These are quality pens and their refills are among the best out there.This is a very nice pen.  It's actually identical to the famous Lamy plastic-bodied fountain pen, except that the body is made of aluminum.I like it, but, frankly, I like the plastic-bodied pen every bit as much.  It feels just as substantial as the metal pen, and it costs less.Bottom line:  This is a very nice pen, but unless you just love the aluminum look for some reason, I'd recommend buying the plastic-bodied model.  Same interior parts, same quality, lower cost.This is my 2nd favorite fountain pen brand. I'm a newbie and I have this and the Safari. There was an issue with the Safari and LAMY USA customer service was fantastic. However, I am smitten with TWSBI mostly for their refill methodology.I love my lamy al-star model.  I bought the charcoal safari and i love it, but i got it extra fine, and that was too scratchy of a nib.  then i got this one with a fine nib, and it is perfect.  I love the feel of this pen.  I recommend it highly.This is my fourth Lamy fountain pen, and I have never been disappointed.  Like the others, this pen is functional, good looking, and inexpensive.  It writes smoothly and easily. This particular model has a handsome, modern-looking, and sturdy brushed aluminum body that easily survives the bumps and drops that are bound to occur.  Yes, there are more ornate (and more expensive) fountain pens you can own; but the price and quality make this Lamy pen one of the best choices I have come across for day-to-day use at work.This is my first fountain and I absolutely love it. It has a great feel, cool look and writes awesome. Writes a little more thick than I would like but nevertheless a great writing instrument.Obviously this pen is not a very expensive fountain pen that is a 'showpiece', rather it is an everyday pen that should survive daily use and is a replacement for a ballpoint or rollerball pen. It takes a bit of use to get formalized to using a fountain pen and sometimes you may find it skipping especially when it has air pockets in the chamber or you're at a strange angle. This is expected but that is the fun and uniqueness of using such a pen. It is plastic but very sold (not weight wise but feel wise). The clip is large but this is a good thing if you carry it in your pocket and want it to be secure. The nib is a fine nib but from reading other sites, it seems as if the size is closer to a medium. (Japan nibs vs. German?). Whatever; the script is very close to my other nibs labeled as medium. This is a very good everyday thickness; not too fine and not too broad. The one cartridge it comes with is BLUE. I would recommend buying a good bottle of ink and a Z24 converter. This up front cost will surely save you a lot of money if you intend to actually use your pen. I have read many reviews that recommend filling this converter directly from the bottle and not while it is in the pen. This would be easy if the bottle is full. Lamy recommends filling the pen with the converter inside the pen and filling through the nib. It seems as if the outcome is the same. The following link is Lamy's video on how to fill the Z26 and Z24; they are the same procedures. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXZ-VN6vAZw[...]I was reading the reviews on this and expected something decent for the price.  I've written with fountain pens in the past and love them, however this Lamy Safari series was a letdown.  I found the body to be ok, but it is plastic....so nothing fancy.  You can't expect fancy for this price point though.Now let's get to my cons section of this review...and there's only one thing I can point out!  I started signing my name to see how it felt and a few times, the ink stopped flowing.  I thought I'd leave it nib side down a while and came back and hour later, but same issue.  The inconsistent ink flow in the pen I got made it unusable and so I had to return it stating it was defective.  When I get the new replacement in, I will see how that one work, I'm hoping it was just a defective pen I got...I am relatively new to using fountain pens - have several and without doubt the Lamy Safari is a great pen.  It writes very smooth, very reliably, and does so with Lamy, Noodlers and Diamine inks.  There is a lot from other commentators on the pen but I want to address one issue and that is the fineness of the line produced by the pen.  I like a very fine line so I purchased a couple Lamy pens with extra fine (EF) nibs.  Interestingly when I inked up the pens they produced very different lines - with the same ink.  The surprise is that among EF nibs there is a much variation in line width as there is between a F and an EF nib.  So I purchased about 5 nibs from different suppliers - and of the 5, four were what I would call EF and one was let me call it an EEF (I'm making this up as Lamy does not sell such a nib) - that is extra extra fine.  The difference in line width and appearance is amazing between these two nibs.  The EEF produces a crisper more vibrant line and I can produce very small writing that would be a blurr with the other nib.  One of the tell tale signs of the rare EEF though is that it is scrachie to write with!  I would not consider this a negative - it is just that the finer the nib the more the scratchiness.  If you don't like a little scratchiness when you write you won't like these EEF nibs.  But I don't mind the scratchiness in order to get the extra fine line and a more vibrant line.  Why  is there such variation in the nib?  At first I thought it was the difference between the black colored nib and the shiny white metal nib - but I now have one EEF that is black and one that is shinny white.  So my only guess is that Lamy's production quality control allows this variation in nib production.  So the point of all this is that if you buy one pen or for that matter several they may all be scratchy and produce a extra fine line or they may all be smooth, the more likely case, and produce a normal fine line - but you can't know what it is until you buy it and try it so you might want to buy several spare nibs and just try them to find the very few that produce these EEF lines.  I have not looked at the variation in the F nibs as I am only interested in getting the finest line in a reliable manner from my Lamy.This is a great pen. I really like the tapered grip, it sits really well in my hand and is a pleasure to write with. My Lamy arrived with the included nib slightly offset, and was extremely scratchy while writing. It took a 10x loupe and some very cautious adjustment with a fingernail to turn this into a smooth writer. I ordered a few replacement nibs in a few different sizes as well, and this pen has slowly become a real favorite for me. For the price, this is just a wonderful, reliable pen, and the ability to swap nibs while it is full of ink using a piece of tape (and without creating a gigantic mess) is just awesome. I play with this and my Noodler's Ahab all day long. This pen requires less fiddling than the Ahab, but the Ahab uses common #6 nibs instead of the specialty Lamy nibs you will need with this pen. If you just want a simple hassle free cheap fountain pen for writing, I would recommend the Pilot Metropolitan, but it only comes in a Japanese medium nib. However, it writes perfectly out of the box with the most reliable flow of any pen in this price range. The Lamy is a close second with the added benefit of a replaceable nib. I would put the Ahab third on my list, but I recommend it to everyone because of the pure enjoyment factor of the flex nib.tl/dr: I had a scratchy nib out of the box, but it was easily resolved and this pen has become one of my favorites, and is great for the price.First and foremost, I absolutely love the spartan design this pen features. Some people may find it too bland for their tastes, but for me its perfect. I prefer to have quiet sophistication over extravagance. Basically I prefer a Lexus over a Ferrari (or something similarly flashy) The pen feels nice in the hand, the grips are fairly useful, and I use the ink indicator thing as a resting place for my thumb when I write. I use my index finger to hold onto the grip. Be sure to note that this pen comes with BLUE ink. It was a bit of a surprise when I first started writing with it. The ink kinda looks like a purplish-blue color when it dries. But overall its a nice looking ink. This pen comes in a nice looking package. I would rank the box it comes in to be a Apple-level packaging. Quite possibly higher. This pen would make a great gift for someone who's a office junkie. The barrel is just the right size for my tastes. Not too small, but not horrendously large either. Just perfect. Be warned though, you might run out of ink somewhat fast. Overall, this is a excellent beginner fountain pen.My first foray into the world of fountain pens! The Lamy Safari Fine point is an excellent no skip, no leak pen!All the positive feedback doesn't lie, it's a wonderful instrument and while not uncommonly beautiful it is a dream to use with good hand feel. Nothing to stand between your thoughts and the paper. Great product, for a great price!I bought this to use as an everyday pen at school (I'm a teacher).  Very comfy to hold, the ink flows nicely from the nib.  I am using the included cartridge, but I bought the converter and Noodler's Black ink to use after it runs out.  I also have a Kaweco Sport which I like a lot.  I don't think you can go wrong with either for an inexpensive pen.  The added bonus of the positive comments from people seeing you use a fountain pen is always fun, too.UPDATE:  I have now used this everyday for the last month and love it.  The writing just feels good, and the Noodler's Ink is very nice, no smearing.  I am using the converter, but can only seem to get it to fill about half-way.  I am probably doing something wrong, but the ink still lasts me and entire week.  I am really pleased with the pen.I ordered this pen and the first one had a super scratchy nib - it can happen and it is a Fine nib, but it sounded like I was ripping phone-books while writing.  So, the exchange came promptly from Amazon - this new one isn't scratchy, but it writes very... choppy is the best way to put it. It doesn't skip exactly, but line width's vary wildly even when writing at a consistent speed.So, the second pen had a nib that looked uneven (not the tines).  The sides had different angles when it bent in to make the nib point.  This was clearly visible to the naked eye so I imagine this didn't help.  The main issue seemed to be the 'required' way to hold this pen - it's a good angle, but sometimes you need to hold something slightly different.  The second pen I got, the nib would have worked if I could tilt the pen more, but then my finger was holding the edge and not on the 'guides'.  I saw no easy way through internet searching to pull the feed out (the nib comes off easy, but that won't change the angle).  For a $20 pen, this wasn't worth the hassle.  It isn't like this is some nice desk pen people 'ohhh' and 'awe' at.  It's a fucntional pen that needed to work right the first time and every time - it didn't.I did give it a second star for the fact it started writing instantly, every try.  Even my more expensive pens occassionaly require a few strokes to get the pen fully up to speed.  This lamy wrote the second I put the inked converter in and never stopped.  So, if you get one with a good nib/feed - it should be great.  I can't just keep sending it back and playing the lottery.I bought this because Wired Magazine suggested it was a good, sturdy, low-cost fountain pen.  I completely agree!  If you are an experienced fountain pen user, then you should probably seek out reviews that will allow you to compare this to other fountain pens.  I have never used a fountain pen before this one, so keep that in mind...I work with several people who love fountain pens.  I've been interested in trying one of my own, but did not want to spend as much as they were spending (sometimes in the hundreds of dollars!).  I use this Lamy Safari pen only occasionally (once or twice a week, tops), and have been very happy with it.  My experience:1) Compared to ball point pens, this pen (and fountain pens in general) requires less pressure to write, making it much more comfortable to use.  My hand "flows" more naturally as I, for example, sign my name to documents.2) The fineness of the included nib is comparable to that of a typical disposable Bic pen.  Having used it for a little while, I think I would like to try out some other nibs now to see if I might like something even finer.3) I was concerned that I might run into problems with the nib getting clogged due to my less-than-daily use.  I'm happy to report, though, that I've had absolutely no problems with that.  Even after it sits unused for a couple weeks, it still works perfectly.4) I like the durability.  Though very light, the plastic pen and cap seem very sturdy.  I can casually toss the capped pen into my backpack knowing that it will be safe.Now that I've entered the world of fountain pens, I expect I will be on the lookout for another pen to try.  I will no doubt start with Lamy.I purchased this fountain pen after watching a ton of online (YouTube) reviews as well as Robert Goulet's reviews...I choose 4 out of 5 because after almost a year of on and off use, the nib is starting to become scratchy on any type of paper. I have a 20 year old 'Wearever' fountain pen which to this day still writes like the nib was made of glass, so smooth.All in all the pro's out weight the single con, con of scratchy nib.I would recommend this pen, because of price, smooth ink flow, and over all design and feel.I may need to find a better nib though.It feels nice in the hand but I think it's a tad overpriced for what you're getting. The fine nib writes fatty lines.I'm using this pen to address our wedding invitations; it's beautiful and so is its calligraphy. After losing one (six months into a blissful ownership) I immediately bought a replacement. Don't miss out.This is the first fountain pen I've owned, and I couldn't be more satisfied.  It's ergonomic design makes it easy to hold and comfortable to write with for extended periods.  It writes smoothly, without any blotting or skipping.  It refills easily using either the converter for drawing ink from an inkwell or by simply replacing a cartridge.  I can't speak for experienced fountain pen users, but for me this was the perfect introduction without spending hundreds of dollars for the privilege.Very Stylish looking pen, plastic barrel, so it's a little lighter than other pens, but feels surprisingly well weighted when posted. Fine nib draws a smooth, not scratchy line, and the section has cut out grooves to accommodate your fingers nicely. Click cap, not screw cap, but does an effective job of not letting the nib dry out. Does a good job at starting the first time every time. Not a leaky pen, and can be swung around quite vigorously with confidence. Lamy tests all of their pens before letting them leave the factory, so the nib will come with a little bit of Lamy blue residue left in it. If you decide to use the included Lamy blue cartridge, then this will pose no problem for you, but if you are going to use a converter, or a different cartridge, you're going to want to clean this out before using it. The feed stays unclogged with a good bottled ink, and lays down a line with nice variation of a variety of papers.I like everything about this classy little pen.  It feels good in your hand; it is substantial and ergonomically perfect. It writes smoothly and cleanly.  I have the fine point and I should have gotten something just a little more robust. This little pen brings back the pure pleasure of handwriting and makes your signature look like something important-which it is!Buy one. Maybe more.This is a cool pen. I did not have it long before it started leaking (mild) it would effect the way the pen would write. I was afraid that it would get worse and end up all over me so I returned it.Really good company, nice pen. I will purchase another one in the future probably will be a little bit more picky though.This pen is super nice the write with. The tip has no flex and the pen is height quality. The charcoal exterior is made of a thick plastic that is slightly textured and feels wonderful to grip. The pen clip is made of a coated metal and anchored down extremely well. I have had no issues with skipping.I couldn't resist purchasing this pen because of the price. I now have five Safari's (one is an all star aluminum body) and here is what I can share with you from my experience. I first want to mention if you buy a Safari, when it arrives and you begin writing with it, if it is skipping or the ink is not flowing properly (nice even full line) then there is a problem with the nib not the pen. The first one I purchased arrived and I was disappointed. I couldn't figure out why all of the great reviews. I continued to write with it trying to like it because it wasn't terrible but skipped a lot. I then decided to buy another one because I am a big fan of pink and I found a pink Safari. To my surprise this pen worked awesome, really nothing like the first pen. The ink flowed smooth and consistent on most papers (I will discuss paper soon)and I began to realize why all of the reviews were great. I had this same pattern happen with the next 2 pens so I have decided to help others that might get a pen that is not working perfect. You can either return your pen for another one or find someone who can help you adjust the nib. I know very little about the mechanics of fountain pens so I can't give any advice there. My solution was to order new nibs for the 2 pens that I had trouble with, once I replaced them I have not had a problem since.I use 2 brands of notebook almost exclusively, Rhodia and Moleskine. I love each one for different reasons but as far as the Lamy Safari is concerned I only use it in my Moleskine. My experience has been the Safari skips and writes lousy on the Rhodia paper (some of the highest quality paper) I can't explain the reason but it holds true for all of the Safaris I have tried. On every other kind of paper I have no problems and I love to write now that I have a love for these pens. I love light pens and the Safari is very light with out the cap posted on the end. If you do prefer a heavier top end while writing you will enjoy the way this pen feels with the large cap posted.The grip is a pleasure to feel in your hand and I think the pen has a cool unique look to it. I am happy with this product and I hope this has helped you make a decision on the purchase. I wish you the best of luck.While the EF does have more scratch to its flow than the ultra smooth Fine, the extra fine is still a worthy tool to have in the toolkit.Because I wanted to write and draw and have varied line quality, I decided to purchase both and I'm very glad I did. If pressed to choose one and one only I'd go with the Lamy Safari fine, especially if you're going to use it mainly for writing. The nibs may be interchanged and I also purchased a refillable converter. I use Noodler's Black Waterproof Fountain Pen Ink. A very nice combo.Great pen, nice nub size. It fits really well in the hand and writes nicely. A little expensive but it's imported from Germany.My advice to new users of fountain pens is to get the Lamy Safari, but get the fine not the extra-fine nib.  The extra fine was too scratchy to be useable.  The fine is fantastic.  But I am in love with the excellent feel and industrial design of the Lamy Safari.First, I will admit that I simply refuse to pay hundreds of dollars for an ink pen ... ANY ink pen.  So for me, the Lamy Safari is perfect.  It is well balanced, ergonomically designed, smooth writing, and relatively inexpensive.  The best gauge of how much I like a product is my willingness to spend my hard earned money on it.  This is my second Lamy Safari.  I bought one to use at home and liked it so much that I bought one for work.  I use it every day and have never had a problem.I love fountain pens. I have wanted a nice one that is reliable for sometime now, this one fits that bill. I have been using it religiously for a month. I love the fine point on the pen. It's got magnificent quality. Totally worth the money!I got this for calligraphy.  The extra-fine nib doesn't provide the edge (to change the width of strokes) of larger nibs, but then, from what I've seen, few EF nibs do.  I like the feel of the grip, and the crispness of the stroke.  So far not a single splotch or ink jam.  Nice pen.I have the two Fine and one Extra Fine Vista pens - in Demonstrator Clear and Black. I switched to fountain pens from gel ink disposables because I wanted a less wasteful writing option. I journal a great deal and went through boxes of regular pens very quickly.The clear barrel on the Demonstrator is great because I can see when it's time to refill the cartridge. I also like the weight of this pen (not made of cheap, flimsy plastic). The solid colored plastic barrels look very plain though. If I get a colored fountain pen next time, I'd go for the lacquered or metallic exterior.I use Noodler's Heart of Darkness ink - a very nice black shade - but the extra-fine nib clogs and skips with this ink. However, it works great with the fine nib Vista pens.I tried using the converter but the Lamy cartridges have larger capacity so I can go longer between refills. I fill the empty cartridges using an ink syringe (can be found on Amazon also). I purchased a 5-pack Lamy ink cartridge set here on Amazon (Lamy makes decent ink also) and just reuse/refill those whenever they run empty.My favorite writing pen .. highly recommended.This pen looks very cool with the clear body, but it looks better with the Z26 converter than with the red Z24 that is supposed to be used with it. The fine nib is just right for me. The extra fine is too fine, so it writes too dry and scratchy on most paper. The medium nib is good also, but a little broader than I like.The nib is great, the pen seems very durable, the clip is pretty nice too.The only problem is for a demonstrator, the converter makes it pretty useless. The demonstrator has a red handle; I sharpie'd it black temporarily, but it wore off. Additionally, it's hard to see the faint splash of color the converter allows to be seen.I performed the rollerball eyedropper conversion, so the entire barrel section can hold ink, and it's certainly an upgrade. Problem is, for the price of two pens, it might just be a better idea to go for a TWSBI.I recommend either going that route or choosing a solid-color safari model. If the Lamy name really speaks to you, it might be worth it though. I certainly enjoy having had to modify the pen.Other than that both my fine nib and my extra fine nib have been very good to me so far. Happy with the factory smoothness.After using the disposable Varsity fountain pens, and have some experience with some older models in the past, I decided to make the switch back to the fountain pen.All in all, I'm quite pleased with this pen.  It shipped with a blue ink cartridge (I've already ordered the converter as I don't want to be tied to cartridges forever) and I have to say it writes very smooth.  The plastic feel is somewhat cheap, but the overall weight of the pen helps mitigate that.So far my only disappointment is that the ink has leaked to the inside chamber just above the nib.  I've read that happened to someone else, so I'm not sure if that is standard for these pens or not.  I guess if I had gone with a colored pen, I might not have noticed.All in all, a great purchase that writes great on everything I've thrown at it:  post it notes, legal pad, copy paper, checkbook etc.+ Great, smooth writing (as with all Lamy pens)+ Transparency makes it easy to see the ink level+ Strong reliable clip+ Cap seals tight which means the pen is still usable after a couple of days without having to wet the tip- Barrel broke 4 months in with about 3 refills worth of use and with no external factors ((crushing it, dropping it, etc.) causing the breakEven though the pen writes excellent I can't give it more than a 3 since the barrel seems weak and broke on me.I recommend the Lamy AL-STAR, far stronger barrel same quality writing and only $10 more.The pen is reasonably priced and comfortable to use. The pen's clear barrel minimizes the possibility of running out of ink at an inopportune time.A personal handwritten note is a nice gift. What more eloquent way to express your feeling than with a personal note drafted with a fountain pen. Fountain pens are not extinct, thanks to better engineering, they're still around. Thanks to advances in chemistry, there is a vast array of hundreds of possible ink colors. Inks can be scented or not, florescent or flat, waterproof or water soluble. The Noodler's line of inks are my favorite. I use the inks that become permanent upon interacting with cellulose in paper.By the way, Lamy nibs are interchangeable. You can switch from a bold to fine stoke, by substituting nibs.At first I thought sending personal notes to customers using a fountain pen would disparage my professional reputation. On the contrary, customers appreciate the extra personal attention. Customers assume that we have laser printers, scanners, computers, postage meters and other office machines; but they do not assume we care enough about our customers send a personal note. Try it, you may have fun, plus make the world a better place!I have the EF and Medium Vistas also.  EF needed a lot of tuning.  Medium nib, none, just a little break in.  This one, no tuning at all, just a longer break in.  I'm pleased.  It is working well.  As a side note, I have another Lamy Fine (Safari) that needed a lot of tuning and break in.  So, I think it's just maybe a little inconsistent QC, maybe?  I'm happy.  All is well.  Well worth the effort.If you do a lot of small technical writing, get the extra fine nib. This pen performs perfectly though. Comfortable.I have 2  LAMY  Fountain Pens Already...But I Had My Eye on The "Vista"....It Is See-Though...And There Is No Problem Seeing My Ink Level!  All LAMY Pens Have A Viewer For Ink Level...But It's Really Cool To See Through The Body Of The Pen...And Watch The Ink Get Used!  I Use A "Converter" Carterage...And Thus, Re-useable....The Pen Writes Great...And I'm Haveing A Lot Of Fun With It!  Very Smooth To Use!Excellent pen for the price! Good for those new to fountain pens as well as those who collect. The converter almost fills the reservoir  after the first or second winding.Excellent nib that writes smoothly--no scratching. But like all European nibs,a fine is the equivalent of medium Japanse nibs. However, the ink flows well and you don't get bleed through if you allow the pen to rest momentarily on journal paper!Great to see how much ink you have and the cap fits solid whether closing the pen or using cap as an extender.I just do not like the clip!! It looks cheaper than the pen itself!Most people who have used this pen would agree that Lamy Vista/Safari/Studio nibs are awesome compared to anything below $100. I agree with that. More expensive Lamy evens but under $100 range still use the same nib as Lamy Safari. The extra money goes to the luxurious and more classic-looking barrels and caps, which I'm not very much interested in.I used this pen with Lamy ink for the first time, but dumped the ink and filled it with Noodler's Bulletproof Black. I also used Noodler's Eternal Blue Black. These are generally very nice inks but they work well in this pen as well. Lamy pens tend to have more ink flow in their feeder systems, so it finds little trouble with "thick" inks like Noodler's Bulletproof Black.Vista fine nib is very smooth and this pen has a very good ink flow. On most papers, including the crappy ones you get from regular office supply houses (e.g., note pads, Post-It, 3x5 cards, etc.) this pen writes very well and not very scratchy. Yes it's a bit scratchy but that's to blame the paper. Lines very rarely skip, unless you write fast on cheap paper. For the price range, Lamy's nib is a tad softer side (ok, it is still very stiff, but compared to other pens in this price range, it's a bit softer). My other favorite is Rotring Core (same price range as Safari/Vista), which is a *very* stiff pen, a bit more scratchy on cheap paper, and less ink flow than Lamy. Rotring Core needs to be written on smooth, high quality papers, or lines will skip, and the feeling in the hand is not as good. In other words, Lamy is better for everyday use that requires all-round ok or better performance in every situation, but Rotring Core has more strong character and can write more interesting lines on better quality paper and your hand will feel the paper.I've been using Waterman and Pelikan fountain pens for some time, along with some Muji; I'd been lusting after some ink like the J.Herbin 340Th Anniversary Ink Bottle - Limited Edition and wanted more pens for them instead of running the risk of clotting the ones I had by mixing ink from different companies... But without breaking the bank like with aPelikan Souveran 805 Black ST Fine Point Fountain Pen - 925438... Something I could carry everyday and wouldn't look as serious or old fashioned as the black and gold pens... This fits the bill perfectly: Great price, very good looking, the transparent body gives them a very futuristic look, particularly with theLamy Safari Converter Z24and they seem to work fine (I got two).Both flow smoothly on Clairefontaine paper, just a tad "scratchy" on regular paper - but it's still barely noticeable, I just realized how spoiled I've been with what I've had, particularly the unflappable Pelikans and a high end Waterman...If you've never used a fountain pen but want something that's *yours* and not generic, and if you want to refill it with ink instead of eventually throwing it away... This is a great and cheap alternative. You'd have to watch the paper you use, but once you find it the combination of a good pen and good paper is amazing.This was totally retail therapy for me a few days ago.  I have a Lamy Safari with a italic nib which I completely adore, so I figured another Lamy was going to be a nice safe bet, and try the fine nib.It comes with one cartridge of blue ink, which is a lovely cobalt.The pen is a teensy bit nib-heavier than my Safari. It doesn't feel 'cheap' and has a nice grip size with a faceted finger plate.  And it writes wonderfully smoothly. Yes I had to push to get the ink to start, but once that started, the ink flowed with a very light touch.Honestly, if you're new to pens, or even, like me, if you want an inexpensive splurge that will be a writing delight get this pen.  It is a great intro brand, that you will not outgrow!I love this pen. The medium nib is a little bold for me, but that helps when writing on cheaper paper that doesn't want to take the fountain pen ink. It's comfortable to hold and write with. I like the clear body of the pen, but because of the clear body, it looks better with the Z26 converter than with the red Z24 converter that is supposed to go with it.This is not my first Lamy product. I have been using this pen for several weeks now. The comfort of use and functionality is outstanding. Also, although I ordered the medium nib, other nibs are available and interchangeable for this product. Finally, the manufacturer provides replacement parts, such as if you lose the cap. There are plenty of more expensive pens, but I enjoy this one. I use the converter (available here at Amazon) and Noodler's Ink. If you check my other reviews, you will see that I give one-star reviews to bad products that are not as advertised or that do not work, and good reviews for great products such as this one.I've edited this review about a year later to add this information. To get the most from this pen, purchase a wide assortment of inks and "go to town" using a different ink every few weeks. Although it's a little more expensive, I purchase "ink samples" from vendors like Goulet Pens or Isellpens and keep switching inks. Send a personal note to someone; people may forget what you said, but they will remember how you made them feel.The Lamy Vista is an excellent fountain pen for the price.  Not sure if I like the flat finger rests.  It is a light, inexpensive, plastic fountain pen that writes smooth.  I would recommend the Lamy Z24 Converter, for the ability to use bottled ink.  This is not a great fountain, but for the price it is a great fountain pen.  It is interesting that this fountain pen shows up in many pen collectors collections.  The Lamy Vista is a clear (demonstrator) Lamy Safari.  This fountain pen is great for everyday use.You can see my review for this pen with extra fine nib too.  This medium nib Vista wrote perfectly right out of the box.  Very nice, very smooth.  Short break in period and it was ready to go.I adore this pen!  I obcessed over getting a fountain pen and the 1970's versions didn't float my boat.Thank you reviewers, you are so right!!This pen feels smooth, fun and I completely adore writing with it.  I may try the fine tip next.UPDATE 02/12/2013:  I did buy a fine tip pen and now another medium.  I will replace the fine tip nib pen with a medium... I think. For now I purchased a third pen and each will have different color inks for availability of use.  GREAT pens!!!After using only F nibs I finally decided to give M a go, to see if it shows more of the ink's character... And indeed it does (in this case anNamiki Iroshizuku Bottled Fountain Pen Ink, Ajisai, Hydrangea, Light Purple (69211)). The ink started flowing right away and it's very smooth (on a Clairefontaine notebook). The ink doesn't show through as much as more wild colours (like J. Herbin Rouge H&eacute;matite or Violette Pens&eacute;e) but it's still a great looking pen. Highly recommended.I believe that a fountain pen of this quality deserves more that a cursory short paragraph review.Fountain pens made resurgence in the late 1980s and 90s after being eclipsed for decades by the cheap prices and ease of use of the utilitarian ball pens. Until then the pen industry was sustained mainly by sales to collectors and old school traditionalists; only major manufacturers survived, mostly in Europe and a few in the USA, while many small companies faded away. The 1980s was the beginning of the era of displaying ostentatious wealth; extravagantly expensive wristwatches and "limited edition" pens became part of the bling phenomenon. Pens made of silver, gold or platinum and studded with diamonds, rubies and precious stones became symbols of success sought after by society's movers and shakers. Fountain pens became fashionable again; established pen manufacturers and newcomers joined the resurrection of the industry by producing a variety of pens for every taste and budget.The story of the Lamy Company begins in Heidelberg, Germany in 1930, when C. Josef Lamy, who up until then had worked as sales representative for the Parker Pen Company, set up his own business by purchasing the Orthos pen manufacturer, and renamed it the Orthos F&uuml;llfederhalter-Fabrik. It initially produced the Orthos and Artus pens that today are a collector's item. After 1948, the company name was changed to C. Josef Lamy GmbH.Lamy pioneered the use of moulded plastics in pen production, used throughout the industry to this day. The birth of the Lamy brand and breakthrough on the market began, in 1952, with the introduction of the Lamy 27 with its innovative "Tintomatik" ink flow system; but it was the Lamy 2000, released in 1966, that propelled the company internationally. Another milestone was the launching of the Savannah Green Safari in 1980.The Safari, designed by Wolgang Fabian and Bernt Spiegel of the Entwicklungsgruppe Mannheim, remains in production, without interruption, since its inception. It is considered, by some connoisseurs, as "the Quintessential Fountain Pen" and a good example of German engineering philosophy of function over form. The streamlined Bauhaus-inspired design belies its utilitarian qualities and functionality. The Safari was initially aimed at the teenage school kids market and was an immediate success, mostly due to its bright green color, lightweight, sturdy construction and ergonomic molded triangular grip. Unposted, it fit easily in a small hand or posted in a large hand. It did not take long before the Safari gained popularity with all ages, from beginners to enthusiasts and experts.Children and pen novices will find the grip-molded cutouts an excellent method to learn how to properly grip and use a fountain pen. But some users, accustomed to standard grips, may find them awkward. So try before you buy.Safari is a cartridge/converter fill pen; the proprietary (Lamy T10) 0.5 mL cartridges are relatively small but sufficient for everyday use. If you plan to write a lot, you would be better off changing to a piston converter (about $5) and refill from an ink bottle. The windows on either side of the lower end of the body expose the remaining ink level. Safari tends to write "dry" (not a lot of ink pours through the nib), which may lead to "skipping" when writing fast; this can be partially remedied by using a fast flowing ink (Noodler's). If you are a very fast writer, test the Safari at the pen store before purchasing. Waterman, Pelikan or Quink inks work well in this pen, but Noodler's is my favorite.Safari's body is made of ultra strong ABS plastic (same as Legos) and comes in many colors. Its clip is a solid piece of springy steel wire, virtually indestructible, shaped in the form of a paper clip giving it a secure clasp. I carried this pen in my shirt-pocket when physically very active sailing, trekking and on photo safari over the years; never lost it.Another great feature of Safari is that the nibs are interchangeable, and available from extra fine to broad, plus unique nibs such as Oblique and stub Italic in widths up to 1.9mm. Most Lamy nibs (Z50) are Fe-Ni-Cr stainless steel alloy. For "lefties" there is theZ50 LH nib and for beginner schoolchildren the Z50 Aufanger helps them develop handwriting skills.Generally steel nibs are not as smooth to write with as premium gold nibs, but Lamy is the exception. Lamy nibs consistently write smoothly and without skipping, provided the right ink is used and the pen is handled correctly.The reader should also be aware that nibs on Eastern pens (Japanese) differ from those produced in the West. The main difference to remember is that a MEDIUM nib on a Western pen is correspondent to a BROAD nib on an Eastern one. If you need a fine line, the extra fine nib on the Safari will not be fine enough! Pens with western nibs write wider lines than their Eastern counterparts.Finally, the Safari is an inexpensive entry-level pen with high-end qualities, its craftsmanship, elegant ergonomic design and overall quality makes it attractive to beginners and veterans alike. It is a great first pen and a reliable everyday go-to pen.Comment | PermalinkLike all Lamy products, this pen is amazing.  It isn't perfect but at the price, it does what other pens do in the $50-$100 range.  It runs just about any ink well(I have tried many brands of inks).I like the pen, but the nib is too fine for me. I haven't found any paper yet that it will write on without skipping and being too dry and scratchy. I like the fine and medium nib versions of this pen.I have several of these pens in different colors.  The clear is cool to see through to what color is really in there.  I have mine filled with invisible UV activated ink.  The nib is sturdy enough to write though carbons but still writes nicely.  Nice cap seal.  If you don't use these pens for a week or two the ink does not dry up and it starts writing again very quickly.  I use these every day and I am continually impressed.I have to agree with other reviewers who find the Lamy Vista (or Safari - they have the same nib and feed)to be one of the most reliable, smooth, crisp, fine pens out there.  Additionally, the Lamy uses an ABS plastic that is very durable - stays shinny even if thrown in with other pens.  What I really love about these pens (I have four) is that they are so incredibly smooth on most any paper - from low-end Staples/Walmart notebooks/paper to Moleskin/Clairefontaine or Rhodia.  What I find frustrating is the nib - there is significant variation in the nib production such that an extra-fine can be anything from that to a fine or medium.  The good news is that the nibs are readily replaceable and available - so I buy additional extra-fine nibs (since I like a fine line) just to find the really good ones (extra nibs cost about $10).  If you are considering between a Vista vs a Lamy 2000 - I suggest you save your money and get the Safari - the 2000 is a piston filler meaning it holds more ink and is easier to fill but its not as consistent with its writing as the Vista in my experience.  I like fountain pens but don't like having to fuss with them when I'm writing and I find the Lamy pens to me most reliable and trouble free.I use demonstrator pens for art projects.  All sizes/styles of nibs.  The extra fine Lamy took quite a bit of tuning.  See YT or pen forums on how to do this, I won't waste your time on here.  Mine is writing near perfect now after a little work.  Nice thin line.  Great for detail and crosshatching. I think this is a  very good pen for the price and worth a little fussing over.  :)I ordered this pen because I like fine nibs and the fine nib Lamy was a little too broad for me. Well, I received this new one and this nib writes a wider line than the other. But, upon further inspection, the little "ball" (point) is oblong from front to back and with my writing angle makes the stroke appear like a fine oblique. To conclude, I now like this pen better than the first one I bought. Both are excellent writers though, even if you don't really get what you were originally looking for.  :)If you like fountain pens, you will fall in love with this brand and style. I love how smooth this pen writes. Thank you.Over the past two years we have bought three of this model labeler and they are all working without a hitch. Labels are a bit pricey but well worth it.I had to replace my two year old Dymo because it stopped powering up.  I only use the label maker for home use (Holiday cards, etc.), so it was not overworked.I decided to go with the Brother after reading about other folks with similar issues with the Dymo.  While the Brother is slightly larger than the Dymo, it prints much quicker and the software is so much more advanced than the Dymo.  It was easy to install and the software hasn't caused any glitches with any other programs (the Dymo affected my MS Word).  It comes with a broader variety of templates, clip art, and symbols than the Dymo as well.The main disadvantage for me is that the Dymo was compatible with the Palm OS.  You could print directly from the Palm Desktop using a Dymo icon.  However, for $25.00, I bought software that transferred all my Palm contacts into MS Outlook Contacts in about 5 seconds.  With the savings on the Brother vs. the Dymo -- I am still way ahead.This is probably a fine label machine for most computrs, but it wouldn't work with my new Vista operating system.Brother's customer service representative put forth great effort to do what was needed to make the driver function. After three phone sessions with Brother, the driver did work; sort of. Yes the label printer worked, but then my printer/copier wouldn't.I suppose that I fiddled with it for over an hour by myself, and then almost that long in company with a Brother Tech Support person. I must say that the Brother telephone support people were really great. They seemed to know what they were talking agout. They were patient and really tried to get the thing working properly.After I found that what had been done for the Brother machine messed up the operation of my Canon printer/copier I decided enough was enough, and the label printer is now landfill somewhere.The P-Touch QL-500 is a label printer that connects to your Windows 2000 or XP PC (not sure if Vista is supported) and allows you to print custom labels with text and graphics.  The labels will be printed on blanks sold by Brother but they are reasonably priced.  As another reviewer points out, this label printer doesn't use ink, so that's a big saving in itself.The QL-500 uses a manual cutter: there's a lever at the bottom front that you move to cut a printed label.  It's very easy to use.  Its more expensive sibling, the QL-550, has a cut button that you press to "automatically" have the label cut.The QL-500 turned out to be bigger and heavier than I had expected, but not unduly so.  Setting it up took about 10 minutes from opening the packaging to having the first label printed.  Half of that time was spent on reading the typical originaly-written-in-Japanese user's manual and another 30% of the time on installing the included software (I chose standard installation even though I don't think I'll ever use the P-Touch Addressbook).Installing a label cartridge couldn't be simpler: the spool has guides that slide easily and effortless into the guide slots on the QL-500.  And there's only one way you can insert the cartridge, so you won't do it wrong.  You then feed the label tape into the printing mechanism, pulling the first tape just past the cutter slot.  The QL-500 is smart enough to sense where the cutting position on the label tape should be, so for the most part it's a truly worry-free experience.I use the included P-Touch program to design, lay out and write up my labels. (The program has half-baked integration with Microsoft Office programs.)  So far I've printed only address labels.  The included starter label roll is similar to the DK-1201 roll: each address label is 1 1/7" x 3 1/2", good for 4 lines of address text in 12-point Arial.  The starter roll has 100 labels, whereas the $12 DK-1201 has 400.  I bought the $18 DK-1208 roll (also with 400 labels) which is wider (1 1/2" x 3 1/2"), since I often print addresses with 5 lines or more of text.  But I think for most purposes, the DK-1201 suffices and saves you 50% in cost.You should read the manual to ensure a hassle-free setup.  The most important thing with the setup process is: do NOT connect the QL-500 to your PC via the included USB cable until after you've installed the software suite, which includes the crucial driver that's needed.  The installation program will prompt you to connect the printer to the PC.  I installed the software on Win2K and WinXP machines, and never had to restart any of the PCs (even though the manual says you might need to reboot).The QL-500 is easy to set up and very easy -- and fun -- to use.  Making customized labels has never been so easy.  I wish the QL-500 could operate on batteries and were slightly slimmer and lighter, and I wish the labeling program were a little more user-friendly -- but for less than fifty bucks, this is the best PC peripheral I've bought in a long time.  Plus, Brother makes and sells all kinds of label blanks at reasonable prices, so your creativity is your only limit.I whole-heartedly recommend this product to anyone who prints labels.I think this is a fantastic and easy-to-use system. I've used it for several years now for all sorts of labels (filing, addresses, etc) and find it incredibly useful. I like the fact that I can save files with commonly used text for the labels, and pull them up with ease. The bar code features are handy too.Noticed some reviewers stating problems with Mac OS. I'm running the P-touch software on an iMac (OX 10.6.8) and have had absolutely no problem installing the driver or printing with the unit.I bought this machine because I wanted one that would take a variety of sizes and work with my computer. I have used a stand-alone Brother P-touch label maker in the past, and it served me well for 10 years.  So I trust their products and was ready to upgrade.I like the fact that it accepts labels of varying width and format. They are easily interchangeable. The software is easy to use and allows me to make labels that are business-like or creative.  In addition, it allows me to save addresses that I use frequently. It is more convenient that using a sheet of labels, when you only need one. The continuous film-tape labels are waterproof, and good for labeling some of my craft items, such as home-made soap  & lotions.As much as I like it, I do find it a bit bulky and wish it was powered off the USB cable, rather than a separate cord. And I did run into a slight problem with the software. The included disk was good for Windows XP, but not Vista. I called Brother Tech support. They were quite helpful, and directed me to the Brother website, from which I downloaded the correct software. Once having done so, everything worked fine. On the whole, this is a very good product.It may seem unnecessary to combine two very useful tools together into one pen, but it improves and makes it easier to do certain tasks.Some thoughts:- This pen is especially useful when I read. It's difficult to remember a lot of information, so having a pen, post it, and highlight is quite a luxury that makes life easier.- Design is executed quite well. I like the design and it's very comfortable. It feels smooth and never awkard.If you decide to try this Post-it flag highlighter,  this tool will improve you life and make reading, organizing, and other tasks so much easier.If you edit documents, or read or study texts and need to highlight passages, the need for this pen will be obvious. Before I bought this, I had plenty of little post-its, but they would either get lost in the desk drawer, or worse, lost on the top of the desk while I was reading. I could never find the darn things. Now I always know where they are.I also use this pen to browse catalogs. It really cuts down on the clutter of catalogs I've looked through, but can't quite throw away because I can't remember whether I wanted to order something...This is a pen with small post it notes added on. Ergonomic wise it is hold-able, but thicker down below. Not much of added weight.My 10 yr old daughter loves it! Great for kids studying, have to make notes, bookmarks on books/binders.when reading a text book these are great for highlighting the main ideas you are reading and the extra post it help make very important pages you need to study for test. love the combination and the multiple colors gives you an added tool for studying. a must for collage.I love this because it minimizes the amount of things I have to keep around me when reading--and also minimizes what I have to lug around if i am reading in other places.  I found that highlighting alone doesn't help me much--because it takes too much time to go back and see where I highlighted.  by tabbing the spots also, i can turn right to them.Post it also has a pen with flags that I like a little better than this--thus the 4 stars instead of 5This item is being heavily discounted at some online retailers, but make sure you read the fine print before buying: Make sure you can return it for a refund, not just an exchange.It's a fine scanner when it operates -- just read the reviews. But I suspect many people are returning it because, on some systems, software and driver conflicts are causing problems.I tried running it from a Toshiba A10 Satellite laptop with Windows XP and Adobe Photoshop 6.01. It scanned beautifully -- once. After that, the system refused to see the scanner when it was connected. I spent several hours on the phone with Canon customer support trying to resolve it. The rep was very helpful and patient, but ultimately the problem could not be resolved.I went even further, did a several clean system installs on my computer and loaded apps one by one, testing the scanner each time. The same thing happened each time -- one good operation of the scanner, and then the system ignored it.I'm disappointed that what promised to be a very good scanner won't operate due to the mysteries of compatibility. But I'm more disappointed that I can only return it for an exchange. I don't need a duplicate of the problems.I also don't need a $130 boat anchor, which is about all the scanner is right now. I'll probably stick it in a closet and try it with a new system one day, if and when I get one.Again, it seems to be a great scanner if it will run on your system. But before you buy make sure you can return it for a refund. That way if it doesn't work for you you won't get burned.EDITED TO ADD: Many months after I first purchased this scanner and wrote this review I downloaded newly updated driver software from the manufacturer. That apparently finally resolved the issues. The scanner has been working fine ever since.Got this scanner yesterday and out of the three brands I have had (UMAX, Epson, and nor Canon) this is the best. The color and picture quality are fantastic, so far. I would like to see a stand alone scanner app rather than having to use Image Capture or Photoshop. I work in 10.3 and it works without a hitch. I especially like the fact that the one touch buttons on the scanner actually work in OSX. This is a first for me. I also like that it has a power switch. I think that is what killed my last scanner.And as an added bonus it does slides and negatives! Haven't tried that yet.Definitely recommend.Update: Have finally tried scanning negatives and the scanner did an amzing job. The saturation and detail was amazing! I was blown away by the image quality from the negative!I am absolutley amazed at the speed and quality of images this scanner produces.  I am using it to digitize color photos and 35mm slides.  It works equally well for both and the enhancement and touch up features are amazingly easy and fast to use.  I have used it to scan to email some newsprint articles as well as larger format photos and it works great.It is connected through a USB hub to a Dell 8200 WINXP.  Software loaded without a hitch and works perfectly.Excellent choice in flat bed scanners.  I could not be more pleased at any price.I was having a difficult time deciding on which scanner to buy. I didn't want to spend a lot of money since we were mainly only going to scan pages from a few books. When I began to shop around, I noticed that some scanners offered advanced features such as negative film scanning. This caught my interest since I do have hundreds of negatives from the film camera era. I decided it would be nice to make a digital copy of those negatives.Anyhow, I began looking at the $79 scanners, but since I'm usually the type person who doesn't buy the chapest nor the most expensive, I raised my price range a few dollars. The Canon 8400F caught my eye, especially with all the good remarks I read about it.I just received the scanner. It is quiet according to my standards. It's not wisper quiet, but neither are the fans in my PC. Noise really shouldn't matter, however. It's not like it operates around the clock. It scans quickly, I think. And, it does a really nice job scanning film negatives, which is a slower process by the way. But that should be expected.If you are looking for a middle of the road scanner, stop shopping and get this Canon scanner. In my opinion, it approaches the higher end scanner range, or should I just say this is a middle-upper class scanner.I use my CanoScan 8400F scanner in my small business. I have used perhaps 6-7 scanners over the years. I use it with a Mac G-4 and G-5 running Tiger OS X.4.6.This is the best scanner I have ever used. It comes with first class Canon software which you can use to correct or play with your pictures. It also comes with Adobe Photo Elements 2 which is about a $70.00 program if you buy it on its own.  I had the scanner up and running in about 10 minutes most of which was installing the software.  The buttons on the scanner are very useful and you can attach a picture directly to your email without opening your email program. Colors are first class. Included is your power supply and cable, USB scanner cable, Canon software and driver, and Adobe Photo Elements 2. A very super price on Amazon with free shipping.One of the best pieces of computer hardware I have bought in a long time for the price. Unless you are a Professional who needs to run this machine all day long I cannot believe there is a better on out there for the money.I had been looking for a Mac OS X compatible scanner for quite a while. My past experiences with Epson had been good, but lately there have been problems with their Mac drivers. I decided to try the CanoScan instead. I downloaded the latest drivers and installed them.My main use of a flatbed scanner is to import reflective images into PhotoShop. Using the CanoScan suboption of import in PhotoShop CS brings up the main CanoScan scanning application. I feel it takes a bit too long to "adjust" the scanner lamp when I choose 600 DPI. When it is finally ready, the CanoScan 8400F does an impressive job of determining the correct size of a scanned photograph during prescan. Final scan is also done at a reasonable speed. (It is USB 2.0)The results are acceptable for amateur work. For web work, it will do well. For printed photography, you need to make some color level adjustments in PhotoShop (or another app.)I was also impressed with the scan-to-PDF option. This makes non-OCR document scanning a breeze.The 8400F can also scan slides and negatives. The cover has a backlight, behind the reflective-scan backing board. I have not yet tried scanning transparencies. I will update this review when I have had an opportunity to work with them.Overall I would say the CanoScan 8400F is a good value for the money. The scanner works, the speed is reasonable (once the lamp is "adjusted") and the results are pretty good.I purchased the Canon CanoScan 8400F in the hopes of scanning about a thousand 35mm negatives, but I no longer think this is possible.  After scanning the first 5 rolls, my experiences are as follows:  First, in "automatic" mode the scanner is unable to determine, about 70% of the time, which positions in the tray actually contain film (each position takes over a minute to scan resulting in wasted time).  Next, after waiting 15 minutes for a scan, the resulting pictures (of the negatives that ARE present) are too dark about 30% of the time, requiring a re-scan (after manually configuring the brightness or sometimes just pressing the scan button [for 2 seconds] again).  Next, about 10% of the time the scanner doesn't seem to know the dimensions of the plastic tray, and the resulting pictures end up needing to be manually cropped to remove parts of the tray.  About 5% of the time, after walking away and coming back 15 minutes later, a popup message on the screen says that the scanner found no negatives in the tray, when 8-10 were actually present (and were properly aligned).  In "automatic" mode, sometimes I also ended up with a picture of the tray itself, instead of scanned negatives (perhaps the scanner didn't detect the backlight).  About 90% of the time, it was impossible to remove all of the dust from the negatives, requiring another re-scan or editing of each photo before printing.  After this experience, I am very glad that I now use a digital camera, because scanning negatives has not been a positive experience.For context: I use this scanner with an Athlon64 3400+ PC running Windows XP and USB 2.0.  We've owned this scanner for about 1 year and it is used largely to digitize photographs.Good:-Very high resolution scanning-Scanning is speedy-Output quality is fantastic, even at high resolution-Product has been very reliable (over 1 year's medium-level use)-Bracket for scanning 35mm film negativesBad:-Bundled software is nothing exciting-It doesn't make julienne fries (no complaints, really)In comparison to the HP scanner we recently retired after a few years, this product is a champ!  I would highly recommend this scanner.Was happily surprised to discover these labels are liquid resistant. I had given up hope I'd find liquid resistant labels on a roll and purchased these along with the QL 710W, the latter was on sale and too good to pass up. So happy I sprang for both. The combination fit my needs exactly and I'm very impressed with the quality, something I did not expect.I was also pleasantly surprised with how easy they are to insert and remove when I want to switch them out with another label roll.not to much to say but does its job I use them every day never had any problem on my 3rd roll will be buying more great sell ships fast.Almost any address will fit.  Even long complicated five-line addresses - just use smaller font-size & line-spacing.  The Brother 'P-Touch' software gives you complete freedom with the label appearance.  These work great withQL-700 Printer.  Note: printer automatically cuts each new label from the rollI need this label on the back of business cards. It will be a little bit short if you use it as address labels. It is less than three cents a label. The price is great. Together with the Borther label printer, it works wonderfully.We use these to send out postcards for missed appointments etc etc when texts and emails are not required. We find they work well with Brother QL 570 printers and never seem to jam or fail to feed properly.For some unknown reason I've found Amazon prices tend to be much, much cheaper than the staples office store depots etc. Probably the kiss of death know as the price will go up!I've not tried the after market versions of this yet and I'm not sure I will. I use these for work related purposes and I already know they work great. Will order again.I have a Brother QL-500 printer and these labels work well with it.  However, I've noticed that the adhesive doesn't always stick that well.  It isn't just with this size labels, it's also a problem with the file folder labels.  However, I don't know if there is any alternative to the Brother Brand.I go through a few hundred labels each month.  These are really handy and perfect size for most labeling applications.Works as advertised.  The labels do warp a bit with age but this does not affect how they print or attach.These Brother DK-1201 Die-Cut Standard Address Labels work perfectly in my brother GL-700 printer. We use these to label products in our small shop and, on occasion, as address labels. The printer recognizes the labels and automatically provides the correct template for the label.This is a great system!Highly Recommended!CFHI print a lot of address labels and this huge roll fits my budget well. I get a lot of mileage out of them. So buy these and you will not need labels for awhile. The quality is very good and the labels look great. I highly recommend this product to anyone who needs a lot of labels and wants to save money.Drop the cassette into the printer, check your settings and you're good to go.  Made for the printer, so nothing else to do.I use this in my Brother labelmaker.  They are priced well and do a good job in the label making process...I USE THIS TO SEND OUT PERSONAL LETTERS AND IT IS SO EASY TO MAKE YOU OWN MAILING ADDRESSES LABELS AND THIS WORKED GREAT!Goes great with my computer label machine. It has great quality and peels of the back side very easily. I recommend!Brother has got us on this one, you have to use their labels but as of lately it has been cheaper elsewhere. The prices keep going up on Amazon. The product overall does a great job.See my review of the Brother dual width label printer.  I use the label printing system to keep snippets of information that I can print when I need them to stick on a piece of paper on the wall next to may desk.I was shocked at all the bad reviews I read, so I decided to write one too.  The first thing that surprised me was that a lot of businesses were using this printer.  It has always seemed to me like a great printer for home, but not really one meant for the office.  I love our printer and we have now had it for 2 years and it is going strong.  I've never had problems with the software.  I only had a problem once with the printer when my brother (who is a computer networker) decided he was going to switch some cables on me.  Eventually, I got the problem worked out and the printer working again, but I have not allowed anyone to touch it since!  I use it for basic printing, scanning, and copying (lots of home copying since I'm a homeschool mom of three).  This is a great printer for home use!  If my printer breaks, I intend on buying the newer version of the same printer I have--the 6310.I run a small business and had finally worn out my HP G85 OfficeJet and was looking for a replacement all-in-one for my home office. This was not it.This is my second go around with this specific printer. I returned the first one because I thought I had a lemon. I was mistaken, they are just that bad.Printer consistently jams if you try to print multiple documents. You can't see the jam because there is not one. You just press 'OK' like you had actually cleared something and it will start printing again.It will not receive incoming faxes from certain types of fax machines. And yes, that was verified by HP support.It will not work on any type of VOIP service. This was also verified by HP support.And on & on .....I cringed every time I selected 'File--->Print. If the printer were to have burst into flames and melted down to the very core of the planet I would not have been the least suprised.Anyhow, I have thrown it in the trash. About 200 bucks down the tubes but it was more than worth it to avoid the daily frustration of dealing with this printer.We are a long-established, technology-based counsulting and services company. We have thirty computers and nine HP printers on the LAN. We bought two 6210s for use at work stations for light to medium use (5 - 30 pages per day).We could not be more pleased with the quality of the printed pages and the operation, but avoid heavy use because of excessive ink cost per page. (This is the reason why the printer cost seems absurdly low.)Scanner, printer, and fax all worked great. The unit is very, very compact and handsomely styled - a far cry from the earlier all-in-ones that these replaced. The paper feed tray could perhaps be improved. A small amount of care must be used to prevent stuffing the paper in too far.Print cartidges have very little capacity. The color cartridge has a list price of $32.00 and yields 260 "standard" pages. That's 12 cents per page. For the same standard page our older HP R60 all-in-one delivers 690 pages for a list price of $40.00 or $0.06 per page. I have not investigated black printing costs; but the black cartridge is also small. Googling "cost per page" and printer model will get you the cost info from a third party.I have always been an HP fan and have owned 7 HP printers over the years, including 3 Laserjets.  Until this one, I would have highly recommended HP but it appears HP has abandoned their loyal customers and is now producing garbage.  I have had this all-in-one for 9 mo. and have yet to get it to scan more than once.  After countless hours installing, re-installing on 2 different PCs, using HPs support website, tech support and even their senior tech support who sent me a new printer, it won't work.  My last call involved 3+ hours on the phone dissecting my registry after which I was told I had operating system problems.  From day one, the software locked up when I tried to scan.  HP insists it will work on a clean install.  So yesterday, I started with a new hard drive, installed Windows XP but nothing else and then the printer driver.  It works -- once!  Then I installed Office XP and after that it locks up the first time I try to scan.  I will never, ever buy another HP product!!!  After reading the reviews here and elsewhere, it is certain that this software is crap, as is the 6210.  Half the people who write reviews have had problems with this overpriced paperweight.  Stay FAR, FAR away!!!  HP are you reading this???  Check case ID 6300331720.  That's only one of 3 case IDs I have.  If I billed you for all my time trying to make this 6210 work, I could buy a color laser printer!At first, I was VERY pleased with this printer.  After a few months, I kept getting a "carriage jam" error.  I have no jams, buj to reset the printer takes some cumbersome effort.  I got online, and learned that this is a COMMON and known problem with this printer.  Shop around -- the printer is great, except these "carriage jams" appear out of nowhere and for no reason -- a glitch -- and it takes up to five minutes to reset the printer to work again.  Good printer, until it jams....UPDATE:  The scanner does not work with VISTA.  Known issue per HP.This is the printer I've wanted but thought HP was charging too much and the price kept changing.  Amazon was terrific and I received the printer I wanted at a lesser price.Rating:  4 and 1/2 starsMy business bought this several years ago and I love it! It is so handy and takes up very little room,  I've got it on a shelf on top of my desk.  I so wish I'd had one back when I was homeschooling!  It's been easy to use and keeps on performing well.The main feature I'd love to change is to be able to set it to only do black copies.  I rarely use color due to cost and  it's kind of a pain to have to go into preferences every time to just use the black cartridge.  Out of the blue my scanner function stopped working and I can no longer scan right from the glass.  If I'd kept the disk in a safe place I could reload the software but can't even find a place online to access a replacement CD.I have the OfficeJet 6110 All-in-One for just over a year. It worked well for several months and I was very pleased with the purchase. But when I bought a new HP desktop (my old one was also an HP desktop), problems started happening. It took me days and millions of phone calls, the problem still persists. Here's what I figured out in the process about HP products:1. HP's own printers and computers don't work together. Duplicate software get installed and conflict with each other.2. HP's printer support staff do NOT talk to the computer support staff. When software conflicts start--all HP software, one has to figure out on one's own where the problems are before calling them. Otherwise, while various technical support staff try to diagnose the problem, more problems will happen as various drivers get deleted and re-installed.3. Once an HP's software (my experience is mostly with HP printers) is installed, one can NOT get rid of it by uninstalling it. HP provides a "software cleanup utility", which must be run several times (with re-start in between) before actual de-install completes (if then). Often times, one has to manually get into various directories to delete folders. If one's desktop happens to be an HP as well, then good luck figuring out whether a particular HP folder should be deleted or kept. Sometimes one has to make changes in the registry in order to totally get rid of HP software. Hard to believe, but it's true.4. If you run into problems with this printer, don't call for support. And absolutely do not use their chat line (staffed by entry level technicians). Now and then I get a good HP support staff, but mostly they are reading over some generic manual on their end and give you adivce that is, at best, useless.I write with my left hand, but straight on the page like a right-hander, not "over-hand."  Most fountain pens work fine for me.  However, this one is a real problem, because the nib is set in a straight line with the clip.  I can't grip the pen properly and it's awkward and immediately tiring to my hand.  I'm really sad about this, because I just love the idea of it, and other Pilot pens are terrific.As a leftie, I knew I was taking a chance with the pen.  I'm going to mark this with 2-stars to get attention for left-handers, but please do not take that to mean the product is less than extraordinary and best-in-class.  It is.  Mine is blue with gold accents and it is beautiful.  The nib retraction is amazing.I will offer this pen to a couple of artistic family members who I'm sure will give it a good and loving home. :)This is what fountain pens would have looked like if ball points had never been invented. Wonderful writer. I'll never switch back to a roller or bic.I have the fine nib version of the matte black Vanishing Point as a recent addition to my Lamy 2000. From what I've read, these are two of the most popular pens.The Lamy is priced a bit lower in general than Vanishing Points, but is a very different pen. I have it in a fine nib, which runs the perfect for me.  I suggest trying the medium nib section, since nibs are available easily online for this pen.This pen does not come with &#34;blue ink&#34;; a cartridge that other vanishing points come with. The provided converter is pretty disappointing, many choose to switch the the CON-20 squeeze converter instead.The matte finish is nice to grip, and doesn't look like it will wear easily, which is a relief.Bear in mind as you move up in pen price that paper and ink also are part of the equation. I don't like thinking about paper, so I haven't bought anything special yet, but I have started imagining how much of a difference it can make.I have a very eclectic collections of pens, from old restored gorgeous vintage pens to very high end, expensive Montegrappas and Omas.  I have been using  Vanishing Points for well over 12 years now and for some strange reason, although I love my other pens, I always  seem to come back to the Vanishing Points.  I simple love the VR's and the black and blue  Carbonesque are truly beautiful colors.  Even with all my high end pens, I always seem to find myself reaching for one of my VP's.  I think the reason is the VP is just so simple to use, does not leak, I do not walk around with ink all over my hands and cloths, and I  can use bottled or cartridge ink.  Its just such an easy pen to use, and I love that if you press the top of the pen, the fountain pen nib comes out when you click it again it just retracts, just like a regular pen.  What a wonderful concept. I also feel safe flying in a plane with them, as I have never had one leak.  I have found all my VP nibs smooth (Japanese sizes are a bit smaller then American though).However, if you want the best writer possible, get your nib  specialized for you by just contacting Richard Binder (Richardspens.com) or John Mottishaw (nibs.com) and you will get a nib to die for (I have no affiliation with these men, but they have both fixed a few nibs for me in the past I love!).In conclusion, get a VP...they are fun and a great writer!If my review  was helpful, please click "yes" below. Thanks. :)The Pilot Vanishing Point is a great pen period.  Everything works so well.  I like everything about this pen.  I like the clip finger rest.  I like the easy access and vanishing nib.  I like the smooth writing experience.  I like the slight flex in the nib.  I like the &#34;click and write.&#34;  No delay.  No dry nib.  No leaks.  I like the feel and weight.  Ink flow is smooth.  The Pilot Vanishing Point comes with a piston converter.  I am currently using the converter with Noodler's Black.  Works beautiful.  Great Pen.  Highly recommended.The nib is smaller than I expectedThe nib squeaks when I writeThe damn clip forced me to change the way I write. Fortunately, my handwriting seems to have improved! O.o Otherwise, this pen would have gotten 2 stars.........I like fountain pens but have hesitated purchasing the Pilot Vanishing Point.  For one, it has a small protruding nib when extended, similar to that found on the Lamy 2000, and doesn't provide the eye-hand orientation that keeps the nib properly rotated.  The second issue was its bulk as it is slightly bigger and fatter than pens I use - about the same length as a capped Lamy Safari.  Third, its a metal pen and I tend to like pens that are lighter.  An last, its that shirt clip - how can that be comfortable - I could see myself getting comfortable with the size, weight and small nib but that clip??  So I finally bought one because I enjoy the fine Pilot nibs and I am glad I did.  What a great pen.  The shirt clip doesn't bother me at all and as my fingers straddle it the pen and nib become properly oriented so no skipping.  And while it has some weight and size it is fairly light and comfortably held for long writing sessions.  So where else can you get a great writing nib, in a metal protective shroud, with the convenience of a retractable pen??If you are considering purchasing this pen, let me tell you that the pictures do not do this pen justice at all! I glanced at this pen in the sunlight and its true what people say...it truly does look like a mini cosmos in your hand.  The abalone shells glisten and shine so beautifully!  Don't let this awesome beauty fool you...its very durable and I love how the ink flows from the smooth and detailed nib.  Changing between inks is a breeze (I am currently using the Iroshizuku cerulean blue).  I hope to keep this pen forever as its already very special to me.Fine nib doesn't give the ink flow that I like.  I bought the medium, and love it.  The finish and design is fabulous.  It definitely gets the attention it deserves when you use it at a meeting.I love these pilot vanishing point retractable fountain pens. I use fine nib and the ink flows very well and look great on paper.I didn't buy it from Amazon, because I lucked into a cheaper price on a Labor Day weekend sale at a retail store.  Too bad I didn't get points on my Amazon credit card.  It had been a lot cheaper on Amazon but went up recently before I got around to buying and they also added a big shipping charge.So far I like the printer just fine.  The on screen manual leaves a lot to be desired, but that's normal. I got it set up and going with no hitches. It scans really fast and does a good job.  I can use two different kinds of paper from the two paper feeders. I haven't even begun to use all the features.I love this printer. No problems except the expense of the ink. I have had not a single problem or failure with any of the functions/features of this unit. I am a a huge Canon fan.This model's been discontinued for the mp830, which is virtually identical except for the mp830's cartridges having little microchips on them which make it harder for generic cartridge makers to duplicate.  The beauty of the 780, aside from stunning top-of-its-class performance (silence, speed, graphics quality) in virtually every department, is that there is a vast market of amazingly low-cost generic ink cartridges at various online retailers.  I guess Canon finally got wise to all the revenue they were losing and so decided to make things a little harder.  I would expect the generic makers to come out with their own microchips in a few months, but it will undoubtedly increase the price relative to the 780's generic toners.As of this writing, you can still find the 780s at Fry's Electronics for well under two hundred bucks.  If you're in the market for an all-in-one machine, I'd zip over there in a hurry before they're all gone.Also worth mentioning is that Canon printers' driver software is far less bloated and buggy than HP's.This is the second Canon multi-function machine that I have owned.  It is far superior to the previous one.  A well-illuminated back light (not availale on my earlier model), dual paper tray, and well-identified and easy to understand buttons make it very user friendly.  Speed and print quality are very good, although I have not tried color prints.  Four Individual ink cartridges should make it more cost-effective than printers with one color cartridge.  My experience to date has been totally positive.The Mrs. and I just caught on to the fact that "all in ones" had fallen in price to where simple matrix-dot printers were ten years ago.  We researched and compared at many review sites and I was led to believe that we weren't likely to find a better machine than this Canon PIXMA MP 780 for less than a thousand bucks.  We ordered one and couldn't be more pleased.I can't imagine more options for manipulating documents.  The scanner produces photo-quality scans with all kinds of options.  The printer is remarkably faster than either the HP or Lexmark inkjets we used before.  The fax works great and doesn't interfere with our phone-jack DSL modem.But where we're REALLY blown away is with the photo printer.  We're taking tons of digital photos with a Nikon coolpix.  For hard copies we WERE taking discs to either Wal-mart or Walgreen's to get them printed.  Just out of curiosity I printed an 8 x 10 with this new PIXMA and compared the photo to the Wal-Mart print.  There was no comparison.  The PIXMA blew away the "professional" printing job in clarity, color, light-adjustment.  The Mrs. and I were stunned.  Not many "do-it-yourself" projects turn out better than a professional, but this was WAY better than professional.Does everything.  Comes with software that allows you to manipulate, edit, cut, remove red-eye and otherwise prepare your photos to print out.  Prints super fast.  The ink tanks are a fraction of the cost of the cost of the old "gotcha" ink cartridges that drove us all to the poorhouse with the now obsolete ink-jet printers.I still can't imagine a better product for less than a thousand bucks.  Canon - this PIXMA rocks!I recommend the Canon MP780 provided you can get along with USB and no networking. The product is otherwise well featured and has performs according to specs.If you are faxing using a VoIP line and getting errors using the default settings, set your transmit and receive data rates lower. I use 9600 because its reliable albeit slow.I find the user interface, for any non-simple tasks, to be below average and counter-intuitive. I agree with other posters that sections of the manual are incomplete. The internet needs the ability for users to directly comment and enhance manuals.Wish there was a model with (wireless) networking.I always need brightly colored markers for my Day Care Center!  These Sharpie's give me a great choice of colors and they are a great price too!!  I love them!!!These are great colors to add life to all your projects. My 10 year old daughter loves Sharpies and these are no exception.Sharpie markers in a plethora of colors.  I estimate these are around .4mm fine point.  Some of the colors are very light and might show up well only on dark paper.  But these are great permanent markers to use for scrapbooking or your art projects.  I'm enjoying using them in very intricate mandalas that I enjoy designing.I gave it four stars only because two of the markers were messed up so I can't use them. But other than that, these colors are amazing and they write like pens. Worth the money!Love these.  They don't bleed, no nasty smell, lots of great colors.  Use them all the time.I love sharpies. I use them for everything.  These 80's glam colors are great.  I use these alot for detail work on my arts and crafts stuff.Tweens are into using these and the regular point markers for art ward. I sent one set to my granddaughter artist and one for myself that I use WITH my 5 year old grandson (don't leave you guns loose with permanent markers--duh) but the colors are amazing. I received beautiful artwork from my 7 and 10 year old granddaughters and did Mother's Day cards with my grandson.  I use them for my church work and just for fun as well.  Oh, luckily my grandson asked me if these were permanent before he drew a mustache on himself! So, do remind your kids they ARE permanent.I love Sharpie markers in general, so I was not surprised to like these too.  I like the fact I can control my writing more with these than I can with the regular sharpies.  I can also use these in my Pazzles Inspiration machine, which is why I initially purchased these markers.  I would buy them again for sure.I'm going to use these markers to do Zentangle art on fabric, so when the fabric is washed, it doesn't erase the artwork.  Should work fine, but wish the point was even finer.I never thought about just how great it would be to have famed Sharpie permanence in a wide variety of colors -- and with pen-type fine points.  These are unstoppable at writing, out-marking even Gel pens for even-ness and smoothness.  Obviously, these are water-proof, and will not wipe off most surfaces.  In a pinch, though, rubbing alcohol will remove these.  Why use a pen when you can use a colorful Sharpie?  And at this price and quantity, it's hard to refuse.So many colors! I love Sharpies for their waterproof and smudge proof features. Ultra Fine Point means I can address letters, write on labels, just enjoy and know that the ink will stay put. And again, so many colors!This is another terrific assortment of Sharpie permanent pens, for a very good price. Try them. I'm never without Sharpies, and this deal is good.I wanted a wide range of colors to do a craft and make a poster and these sharpies fit the bill perfectly.What I like about Sharpies are the same reasons I am brand loyal to these markers when i want a permanent marker.First, these colors are true to the color on the lid of the marker. If it shows red on the lid, the color of the marker is red and the color stays red on whatever you write it on.The markers are also permanent and quickly they set up. I did find that writing on some items there is a very short period where sometimes the marker will smear, but this rarely happens.Additionally, you can use these for a variety of purposes. We have used them for making signs, labeling items such as dishes, etc. We have also used them to make some fun tshirts that look like tie dye. We have also used these for marking bags we put in the freezer. Etc etc etc.Some things to watch for when using these markers- if you are writing on a piece of paper, you might consider putting something under it because they will soak through the paper. If you are writing on something glossy it might smear for a very short while.Well worth the money.Enjoy.love it!I love all of these colorful markers!! I like the quality of Sharpie pens and look forward to using them with all my projects. Thanks!I received these in good time.  They are original Sharpies.  I haven't used every color but those I have used have all been great.  Not dried up or poor quality by any means.  Would definitely recommend!Shapie markers are simply the best permanaemt markers for just about any use. We use them for making quick signs in our shop, putting names on clothing (on the inside), and in the woodshop to indicate cut lines.The colors are bright and do not fade over time. They are also pernanent, so some care should be taken.Highly recommended!Love the assortment of colors in this pack.  I wish they smelled a little better though.  I use them to color line art and have found they are great for small and larger jobs.I love sharpies. I use them for everything. These 80's glam colors are great. I use them for my art's and craftsI bought this item as a Christmas gift for one of my granddaughters, who is a very talented young artist. It was one of her high-ranking items on her very short Christmas wish list. I have seen them used elsewhere and was pleased that they are of such good quality, the colors vibrant, and they are nicely long lasting. I feel they my granddaughter will be very happy with them.I would recommend them to others.Wish I could return these-they run just like the others into surrounding colors.  Used on muslin fabric project, will try on a firmer type of fabricWe are very pleased with the markers.I went looking for a set of permanent markers this week-end to use with a Shrinky Dinks set that I recently purchased. The 80's Glam pack of 24 assorted colors seemed to have the best overall variety - plus, there are the usual colors as well. The markers worked well for coloring the Shrinky Dinks pieces and when the pieces were shrunk - the colors really popped.This is an IT item requested by my ten year old granddaughter who is quite a good artist.  She send me thank you notes created with these that were good enough to hang.  I also sent her a set of these in fine tip as well.  Liked them so much I ordered a set for myself which I love and share with my 5 year old grandson--with me by his side.  Good thing he asked me &#34;&#34;Grandma, are these permanent?&#34; Before he drew the mustache he was planning to put on his face!!!I love these.  I use them for my mask-making.  They add the finer detailing that I cannot get with a paint brush.I'd buy them again.....and probably will.  Thank you.I'm going to use these markers to do Zentangle art on fabric, so when the fabric is washed, it doesn't erase the artwork.  Should work fine.Although I ordered this item, I actually received the "80's Glam" color set with 24 fine markers, which is almost the same but about 10 markers are different (the ones on the far left in the picture).  I also ordered the ultra-fine version:Sharpie Ultra-Fine-Point Permanent Markers, 24-Pack Colored Markers (32893).Both sizes are suitable for writing - these "fine" are much finer than a standard chisel-tip marker, for example.  The ultra-fine are much finer, more like a pen than a marker.  These are great for posters and coloring when we want permanent or water-proof, or writing on packing boxes, etc.; and the ultra-fine for general writing, such as labeling CDs, ziploc bags, etc., and detail work on small posters.These are top-quality permanent markers.  If you want a large variety of colors, this is an excellent set; we've had no dripping or bleeding.  Just keep in mind colors may vary from the picture.I used this all the time. The color are very vibrant and they last a really long time. No complaint hereAll of the colors do what they are supposed to, write and then are easily erased from a dry erase board. This set includes some cool colors if your into that sort of thing.No complaints at all!  They were nice quality and nice colors.  All work well.  Would purchase again.These are tried and true, and exactly what you would expect.  Not a lot of frills here, just good markers that do what they are supposed to.I teach and our school provides the standard red, blue, green, and black.  It is SO nice to have all of these colors!  I don't use them often but when I want them it is nice to have them.  I have had no problems with them drying out because I keep the lids on them and keep them in my desk when they are not being used.These are low odor. I am sensitive to odor and I do not mind using these much at all. I use this for my white board in bed room.first off, this is not what i paid for. I paid $10 to get a package of markers that only half of them work, and the colors are different than shown in pic. Though they might be &#34;new in package&#34; they are OLD and DRIED UP.  5 of the 12 dont even work, the rest are okayish but did not get colors shown. most are neon colored and hard to see anyway. SAVE YOUR MONEY, I WOULD SHOP SOMEWHERE ELSE&#62;Whenever I've tried to cut a few corners by buying generic dry erase markers, the results have not been positive. Cheap generic dry erase markers tend to stink up a classroom or office like a meth lab. It's definitely worth paying full price for the real thing, Expo brand.These look very nice on a shelf and are easy to dust. I like that the contents can be labeled if you choose. It looks much nicer on a shelf than a stack of loose DVD's. Also, you might not want guests to see the dumb movies in your collection!This box does exactly what it is supposed to do.  Give the user good, affordable storage with a small footprint.  We use these at our church and find them great for what we need.This storage box (I now have ten of them) is sufficiently sturdy and holds plenty of DVDs or CDs that you have stacked in their slim jewel cases. I have no regrets buying these boxes because I took the advice of others: If you want to prevent the box from coming apart, place a bit of super glue at each and every snap before assembling it, and then let it dry. Otherwise, you risk the box coming completely apart and having your discs and cases come crashing down. If it held together better without the glue, I would have given a rating of 5 stars. If not for the glue, I would give it a rating of 2 stars. Now if the seller were to include a small tube of super glue it would clearly rate 5 stars. Given that you want this box to last a long time, it's really no big deal to get your own glue, use it, wait a day (probably not necessary to wait that long) and then fill it up with your collection. (I bought my super glue at a 99 Cent Store and it worked like a charm.) I recommend you buy one box and check it out and then go from there.For a box designed specifically for DvDs I expected this to be relatively snug on the side so they can't move around. Instead there is an entire inch of space... so the DvDs move around.. not to mention the extra space it takes up for absolutely no reason.It stays together fine so far. The lid is a bit loose so I don't think it is the greatest long term storage option, but it makes it easier to remove/replace which works well for something to keep movies or games you watch/play frequently.We used these to organize our giant totes of DVD's.  I love that you can label them on the front.  They are really good quality too.I used these at first to store DVDs but once I got new cases for them I put my manga in them. They help moving them from the appt to home every summer very nice and also let me label and keep them in a good order.most storage options available is just put them on a shelf witch is not what I needed, these boxes are quite unique and handy. all the previous reviews-q and a are really accurate to.The most perfect nib I've ever written with is 98% of Pilot's investment in this pen.  Unfortunately they spent the other 2% on a cheap, thin, feather-light and unremarkable-looking plastic cap and barrel without a single metal fitting. Ive simply never spent 140.00 on a pen made with such cheap components. Why would Pilot want to put their name and one of the world's best nibs into one of the world's cheapest looking pens?  I don't get it.I wouldn't buy this for a daily writer -- it's too scratchy for me, but that's because of the design of the nib I suppose. The nib sits very elevated so you get maximum flex, but it causes a bit of feedback on the paper in my opinion.I purchased this pen in hopes that my penmanship would improve...and it did..dramatically! I have the extra fine nib which is surprisingly great for me.  I can finally make drastic letter changes and they look sleek and professional!  This nib does flex and I really love how smooth it lays down ink.  I can't say how the flex is compared to all other pens as I am a beginner with fountain pens.  I plan on purchasing another one in a different size nib soon!  I have been waiting for this pen for a long time and yes, its very, very light! I am happy with this pen and I hope you will be too! Cheers!This is my first fountain pen, and I'm amazed... it writes beautifully, I can write slowly and know the pen will capture every jostle of my hand and translate it beautifully through the nib into a nuanced and graceful flow that is forgiving and enjoyable.Really wonderful pen.I received this pen as a Christmas gift, and I am thrilled with it.  I have a lot of pens, including a few Namiki vanishing fountain pens.  No surprise that Namiki made a good product.The pen is lightweight, but still has enough balance to not feel "too" light. I usually like solid pens.  This is a solid pen, but light.  It reminds me of ... a quill.  A bird feather is strong, but hollow and light.  Though I've never written with a "real" quill, perhaps this is the inspiration.The nib (mine is fine) is fine, but not scratchy.  It seems perfectly balanced with the instrument.  The ink flows gracefully as a bigger nib, but with a finer line.The cap screws off/on, which is great for a pen with such fluid ink; no accidental cap slipping off in a pocket, or coming loose.  It is solid all the way around.The style is nice, and understated. It looks like the fine pen that it is.Strongly recommended!The Namiki Falcon is one of the great bargains in contemporary fountain pens, now that it is has become difficult to find gold-nibbed pens under $200. The Falcon has a 14 KT soft gold nib that is semi-flex. The barrel is black plastic with goldtone metal accents. It has a nicely finished, classic appearance. The pen is 14.8 cm long, capped. The barrel is 11 mm in diameter in the center of the pen. It has a nice warm feel and would be comfortable in small or moderately large hands. It weighs just under 20 grams with the converter in it. I had wondered if this pen would be too lightweight for my taste, but I have come to appreciate it, because flexing the nib for long periods of time makes my hand tired. I wouldn't want a heavier pen, but, if you do, the Falcon is available in a metal version.The Falcon comes in a handsome black box that looks too big for it. The removable tray has space for 3 pens, so I am using it to store my most-used fountain pens, which now include the Falcon. The pen comes with a converter and one ink cartridge. Namiki/Pilot converters and cartridges are proprietary. Like many Japanese pens, they have a much larger hole for the ink supply than standard international cartridges. That's good, since a flex nib requires good ink flow. But I'm not fond of Namiki inks, so I've been using the converter, which is metal with a plate press on the side. It is easy to clean between ink refills because of the gaping hole in one end. But the nib is difficult to flush with an ear syringe, nasal aspirator, or soldering bulb. To make it easier, you can cut an empty Namiki cartridge in half, attach it, and flush the water through there.Of course, you are considering the Namiki Falcon for the nib. It's one of very few flex nibs available on contemporary fountain pens. It's semi-flex. It requires a fair amount of pressure to flex to its maximum. If I am writing for a long time, it makes my hand tired, which a wet noodle might not. But semi-flex is an advantage with my small handwriting. If I used a more flexy nib, I would have to write unnaturally large. Semi-flex is perfect for everyday writing and letter-writing. I have the fine nib, which, being Japanese, is more like a European extra fine. It writes a line about 0.2 mm wide unflexed and flexes to 1 mm. The Falcon nib does not have an overfeed, and it separates partly from the underfeed when flexed, but it lays down a lot of ink. It's not for thin paper. I recommend at least 80 g paper.In conclusion, some advice on writing with a flex nib: Don't be disappointed if the Falcon nib doesn't flex as much as you would like right out of the box. It took a few days before mine loosened up to its full potential. If you're not accustomed to flex nibs, look around online for advice on how to write with them. You apply pressure in the downstrokes and release pressure in other strokes. The nib has a nice bounce, and this will become natural with practice. At first attempt, it may seem impossible to get the pen to flex when writing cursive, if you normally hold your pen in the 4:30 (o'clock) position. That would be the correct position for normal cursive writing or italic or blackletter calligraphy. But, in order to flex on downstrokes, you must hold the pen closer to the 6:00 position. If you want your handwriting to slant to the right, turn the paper. I love my Falcon.The color of Lamy blue ink is very nice.  The cartridges are strong and well-made.  A reasonable price compared to other manufacturers.This is a shade of blue/black, a nice combination color. It is made to fit perfectly, a genuine Lamy refill replacement.This ink is washable, so parents can give it to kids without worrying. As pen-manufacturer-brand fountain pen blue inks go (most are lighter than ballpoint and rollerball/gel blues), this one's color is OK for me. It can also be eradicated/erased by sulfate-sulfite eradicators such as the Pelikan Super-Pirat, which is convenient for students.This product , like all Lamy products,  does exactly what it is supposed to.  It is erasable, it doesn't say that on amazon and can be washed off unlike noodlers.  Only 4 stars for price and silly shipping.Hey, save money, buy Lamy ink bottles, get a syringe and you can fill them for pennies!  Don't have to like syringes? Use a tiny dropper.  They actually leak less then a converter too.I am a Lamy pen and ink devotee so it is easy to recommend these cartridges.  There are people who can rattle off the names of myriad high falutin' inks from around the world and if you are one of those I suppose this ink would be like table wine or Budweiser beer to your Dom Perignon tastes.But for the rest of us citizens I'd say this ink is just fine,  in black or blue.I purchased a Lamy Safari Fountain Pen last year and have been using it often.  When it ran out of ink, I was concerned, a s a newbie to the fountain pen world, about how complicated it would be to replace the cartridge.  I became even more concerned when I saw reference to "converters" and people online talking about using an eyedropper to fill them.  Apparently, there are numerous ways to refill a Lamy, but the easiest is to buy these refill cartridges, which are called "converters" for reasons unknown to me.  However, it's quite simple.  I just opened up my pen, removed the empty cartridge, and then stuck this product into the barrel of my Lamy.  When I screwed the barrel shut, the cartridge was pierced and ink began to flow.  Hallelujah!  The refills were fantastically priced, with a box of five for just over five dollars.It was not remarkable in in its performance, but did what it was supposed to while I owned it.  Word.I am VERY impressed with this printer, not only because its great to have such a wide variety of features on one machine, but because the print quality is excellent!I have had Canon printers for the past 10 years or so, and have always been pleased with them.  I knew HP was a reputable brand so I took a chance on them with this all-in-one unit because it was wireless capable.  I could not be happier.  I've heard that HP ink is expensive, and it is, but I'm also very impressed at how long it seems to last!  I purchased an extra set of ink soon after getting the printer, thinking the original cartridges would run out quickly with all the printing I do, but they are still going strong!  I've not been printing alot of photos, but I did do about 10 full-page color copies and have printed tons of internet pages in color.  I've also used alot of black, but it hasn't run out either.I like that the copier and fax functions both have the option of printing/faxing in color or black.  I was also THRILLED to find out that this unit comes with a two-sided printing accessory!  I have my printer settings configured to automatically print on both sides of the page, which saves me alot of paper.I cannot attest to the scanning function as I have not had need of it yet.  Everything else is great though.  :-)Just a word of caution - the only trouble I've had was in trying to make the printer wireless, but it was easily resolved.  I didn't understand that the printer first has to be hooked up to your wireless router (I had it in a completely different room and had to carry it upstairs to do this!) when you are installing the wireless print server (that may be unique to the type of Print Server I bought - its a Linksys).  Once I figured that part out, it was fine & now I'm able to print from anywhere in my house with my laptop!  It's a great feature.I would HIGHLY recommend this product.After three months use, this all-in-one printer still satisfies.  Fax -- perfect!  Printing -- Gorgeous, and the duplex printing allows me to save on paper and space to store it.  Copy -- Nice - maybe not the absolute best I've ever seen, but better than acceptable. Scanner -- scans are good when they work.  Probably a software upgrade would be the answer, but I haven't seen one yet that solves my (sometimes) problem with a tempermental scanner.Overall, with the exception mentioned above, I'm a happy camper. I've reduced the number of machines in my office without a huge sacrifice in productivity.Four Stars!Phyllis Staff, Ph.D.author, "How to Find Great Senior Housing"and"128 Ways to Prevent Alzheimer's and Other Dementias"As a repeat HP customer, I have been very satisfied with their products. Prior to purchasing a 7310, I owned a previous generation multifunction, the HP 155xi. Very similar to the 7410 (with two paper trays), it worked flawlessly for two years before I decided to sell it during a cross-country move. After eight months of use, the 7310 has performed well without any major problems. Like most users, I am a bit alarmed at the cost of the ink.The true beauty of these "higher-end" multifunction printers is their ability to provide users with a self-contained office.  With sheet-fed scanners, they can perform large document scanning to foster digital document archival. While I have not been able to go completely paperless, I have scanned thousand of pages of documents directly to Acrobat with this printer and its predecessor. It makes for keeping receipts, invoices, contracts and owners manuals an organized process. With my "Virtual File Cabinet", I have 750 documents stored. These would otherwise be consuming an entire metal file cabinet and requisite floor space.What amazes me about these printers (i.e. 7310 and 155xi) is that they do NOT appear or feel very solid. For example, when you pick up either printer, the plastic creaks. The paper trays appear as if they would break off if a load of greater than ten pounds were applied. Yet, after printing and scanning thousands of pages of documents, there has not been one failure. Moreover, I have moved multiple times while owning both printers and neither experienced any damage during transport.Adding to solid construction is a great feature set and printing speed. While many of the features on this printer are superfluous, the overall performance is far better than with cheaper models. The 7310 is very fast, both during printing and scanning. Also, unlike the really low-end models, the copying capability uses processing power resident in printer. It does not need to be connected to a computer and, as such, is very fast.A nice productivity feature on the HP 7310, also not available on low-end multifunction printers, is a duplexing ability. Double-sided printing is a great weight and space saver when traveling. The only caveat is that the process is very, very slow. Don't attempt to print large double-sided documents five minutes before leaving for the airport.Like most users, my biggest complaint with this printer is the cost of the ink. The practice of paying outrageous sums on ink cartridges to subsidize the original equipment costs is standard throughout the industry. Printer manufacturers should be a bit more transparent on their true cost of ownership. Obviously, they have a reason not to do this. In my use of the printer, I am finding the ink cost to be a major expense. This is, in part, because I never have time to price shop during the time crunches when I typically need the ink.Similar to other peripheral manufacturers, HP wants to capture as much of your desktop space as possible. The printing software has annoying splash screens that indicates the status of the cartridges. Moreover, in the single time I installed 3rd party ink, I received messages thanking me for using Genuine HP ink cartridges - every time I printed a document. This was incredibly annoying. The fixes I found on the web did not work.What is particularly amusing, and perhaps offensive to some, is the enclosed "recycling" envelope that comes with new HP ink cartridges. This prepaid envelope, with the empty cartridge, goes back to HP so that it can demonstrate its environmental leadership. Of course, HP doesn't want the empty cartridges to go back into the hands of companies that refill and remanufacture them. Although I haven't done the calculations, I would assume the transportation and handling costs would actually do more harm than good to the environment. My suggestion is to fill the prepaid envelope with torn up remains of the consumer packaging that comes with the cartridges.In the latest incarnation of its high-end consumer multifunction inkjet printers, HP has done a great job of packing both performance and a extensive feature set into a device the average user can afford. While generally a good value, the ink dramatically increases the total cost of ownership. It you can tolerate paying $30 for each cartridge every few months, then you will enjoy this nice addition to your home office.ProsGreat print qualityExtensive feature setDuplex printingConsNo duplex scanningOutrageous inkInvasive Software-0 Star Rating...This printer is the worst piece of junk ever produced. I knew that HP printers never last more than a couple of years, but I expected this one to last more than 4 months. Boy, was I wrong.I got a "Replace Right Cartridge" error (just like numerous other reviewers). Wasted several hours on chat, had to call the 800 number. They sent me a "refurbished" unit almost 10 days later. I opened it, installed it right out of the box and it is DEAD! Couldn't even print one page. Wasted another couple hours on chat and with tech support...I am dumping this printer and will sue HP if I have to, in order to get a refund. Will buy anything else but an HP for the rest of my life...BE WARNED: DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER!!!I really like this. I love to make my own CD covers and I thought this would be a silly idea, but I love it. Leaves no room for error!I have used the free installer that came with a CD label Kit -- a round button that clips on the holder after you have put the disc being labeled on it, but the labels didn't always center.  I decided to buy this one separately, and it really is better -- far easier to work with, and centers the labels perfectly every time (as long as you remember to put the label on first, upside down, and then press the disc face down on it).  It's a small thing, but really is an improvement over the free ones.I use this Avery label applicator in my every day work. For the most part, this device is quite good with the exception of occasional "label curl". Also, the graycenter knob will come loose, but with a minor adjustment, this can be resolved.Excellent value, highly recommended!This is a good solid meaty CD/DVD label applicator. The quilted rubber non-slip base sits solid on the desktop. There are two settings for the center of the label - if you are applying full coverage labels, the wider ring can be locked down. If you are applying partial coverage labels (the kind where the clear center of the CD or DVD is still visible), simply twist to unlock the bigger ring and you are good to go.This label applicator is nearly perfectly centers my full coverage labels. I use Memorex labels, and that small center pin is exactly the diameter of the CD/DVD hole and label hole. All the other label applicators I've used have some slop in the pin and don't perfectly center the label (this is a really bad thing for full coverage DVD labels - it will overheat your DVD player and end up pixellating movies).The raised ridge around the base is kind of nice. There really aren't pins that hold down the label. The ridge is there to just help guide you to placing the label on the base.I really like this simple applicator. I hate to say it, but I've applied maybe five thousand labels with many other devices. This one is by far the best I've run across.By the way, the box my applicator came in was a very generic white box with absolutely no graphics. There are also no instructions. Not sure instructions are necessary as this is pretty self evident on how to use the thing.We purchased this awhile ago to label some CD's we had.  It was very simple to use, inexpensive and did the job quickly.  No, it's not the highest tech option out there, but it works.I purchased this applicator separate from the &#34;Kit.&#34;  The kit did not show or list the applicator.  Now that I purchased an applicator for almost $10 and the separate Kit, I see the applicator pictured on the box.  I could have saved $10 had the item been properly listed. If I return the applicator I do not need, it will cost as much to return as the credit. So, I have two applicators; one I do not need.I just received the Avery labeling device and it works fine.  But I have one question.  The Amazon graphic shows the larger center post extended for exact placement of the label.  How does one get the larger post to extend?So, you get a piece of paper in the box with this thing.  It advertises Avery products, but it doesn't tell exactly the step-by-step process for using it.  I suppose it should be ovbvious, but I've never used a CD/DVD label applicator and it's not.  I think I've figured it out, but it would sure have been helpful just to have a HINT on the instructions as to how this gadget works.Oh..OK...the instructions are on the labels themselves!!  Now I feel better.I had no idea how to place CD/DVD label.  This works perfectly and would have given 5 stars but came with no instruction.  Lucky my son was familiar and showed me how to use.  Once used... I love the ease.  Would have given 5 stars except for lack of directions.Staring to make and print my own CD labels, something seemed appropriate so I got the applicator. After using it for some time, now, I can say that it's terrific. Makes the labels look professional because they adhere smoothly without problems.This Device Does a Good Job of Putting Labels on Discs. The Problem Is, I Eventually Discovered That Putting Labels on Discs Is a Bad Idea in General.Recently, I Purchased Printable DVD and CD Discs. They Cost about $.10 More But the Results Are Perfect Every Time.If you're only going to do a few DVDs this is a decent product. Anything more than 5 per year you're much better off to print directly on the disk.The spindle in the middle isn't large enough to hold the label in an exact enough position to be sure you aren't off center.  I can do as well or better eye-balling it.  If you use the larger one, I expect it is fine as I have used those successfully in the past, but I used the smaller one and it is about 10% too small to fit exactly without care you can apply without the device.The applicator works okay, but it's essentially the same as a CD Stomper applicator I already had. The only difference is that the new one has a couple of slots at the edges to accommodate a change in the labels. For some reason, the smaller cylinder in the middle of the applicator is smaller than the small holes in full print labels, so the side slots help with alignment - except that the extra wings on labels rip off if you aren't careful removing the label from the sheet. It seems like all of that could have been solved with better engineering.This tool helps you put your labels on straight that gives them a professional look. I don't know how you could put a label on with out it. Very easy to use as well.I ordered this last week when my larger calculator froze. In the meantime, I unplugged it, plugged it in again, and it works fine.This smaller "Mini" desktop printing calculator (Canon P23-DH V 2 color mini-Desktop Printing Calculator) arrived, so even though I no longer needed it, I tried it out. My main concern about it was that the keys might not be big enough. I don't like tiny keys. The keys are perfect! This thing is so light that it's no problem at all to carry it from room to room, something that is a real hassle to do with my larger calculator. It definitely takes up less space on my desk. That's a HUGE plus for me.It works fine, but I don't use it much. The proof will be if it's still working whenever I need it. Otherwise it's quick, accurate and accepts conventional adding machine tape.I bought two of these because of there reliability and compact-ability. They work great with batteries that I use at the officeI have an old P23 (7 years old?) that I love.The old P23-DH III - It works perfectly, feels perfect under my fingers.  The buttons don't look like much, but they feel super smooth and easy to work.  Keys are very forgiving.  I wanted another, exactly like the one I had...The new P23 DH IV - works perfectly.  however, all the buttons look much more squared off with pointy corners.  If you have a slight miss-key, it suddenly looses all appeal and it doesn't have the super smooth feel anymore.  Keys are also a bit more stiff.  I'm hoping that it will break in and become the sexy adding machine that its older brother is.It's a calculator. It does everything a calculator is supposed to do. Hmmmm... it says I need 8 more words to be able to post this. So there ya go!!This is the second P23-DH Canon calculator I've bought.  The first one I didn't get at Amazon so I'm not sure how long ago it was-- 7 or 8 years I think.  Any way when the older calculator died the bookkeeper asked that I get her the same brand and model because up to the point  it died it was a good reliable calculator.  Also we had just bought new ink pads and paper.Considering how rough the bookkeeper is on office equipment, the fact it lasted that long is nothing short of a miracle.  I'm hoping this one will take her through to retirement.If you need a printing calculator, look no further!  The price is right, the buttons are easy to see and use (even if you have big fingers), the LED read out is easy to see, it uses standard size paper rolls, and the paper roll holder is built in so it cannot be lost.Love this calculator, I have two jobs and bought this one for my second job. I just love it so much. Its compact size makes it a great space saver and it has great ease of use.this Canon P23-DH V 2 color mini-Desktop Printing Calculator is one of the best office products i have ever purchasedMy mom often picks up gadgets and gives them to me and my two sisters as gifts.  This was something that she figured that all three of us and our husbands could use--who doesn't hate opening those hard, heavy plastic packages?  Unfortunately, I believe that my own husband gave up on this gadget the first time he tried using it on one of those types of packages.  Frankly, this little gadget really did not perform very well for that purpose; a heavy-duty pair of scissors is more ideal.Luckily, I rescued this gadget and brought it to the basement, where I exercise.  There, I have found a perfect use for this tool:  opening up new fitness DVDs!  The typical DVD comes shrink-wrapped in plastic that is often difficult to get open, and even when I can get the plastic off, some of the DVD cases are then taped shut.  The little razor function on this gadget works very wll for both of these purposes, helping me get the DVDs open much more quickly.  Although it might be a more limited use of this item, I like knowing that it is available if I need it.  Overall, I think it is a pretty cheap little investment to have around to save future aggravation.I use this opener/box cutter all the time.  I have several in the house.  I really started using this thing a lot after I started doing a lot of shopping on Amazon back when my kids were in diapers.  We ordered a ton of diapers and they always came in huge cardboard boxes.  I saw how many we were throwing out and decided to get on a recycling kick.  This box cutter made easy work of breaking the boxes down so we could fit them in our recycle bins (as required by the recycling company).  This has also been my go-to tool for opening the kids' toys.  You can work with it very precisely to cut tape and all those little rubber bands and ropes that hold toys and dolls in the boxes without cutting up the toys.  I like how the box cutter blade is automatically retractable and the rope cutter blade is pretty well covered.  We can leave it in the junk drawer with little risk to little kid fingers that might be reaching in there.  The blade dulls eventually, but it has worked well for me for years under moderate use and it is inexpensive to replace.  This is a simple tool that does a lot without the fuss of a big, fancy and dangerous box cutter knife.  Worth every penny!I put two package opening tools on my Amazon Wish List recently, and two very kind folks gave them to me after recent hand problems left me struggling to open anything more complicated than a banana.The OpenX arrived today, sealed improbably in a clamshell. I took out theZibra Open-It ZPCOPEN-GZ 5-in-1 Package Openerthat had arrived last week to cut open the clamshell. Once the package was half-open, I pulled out the OpenX, and attempted to follow the directions on the remaining clamshell edge.The OpenX states, cut a 1" slit, then "push and slide to get inside" (eeuw, I couldn't make up these directions).  The problem is that the blade jerks, and flies out of position, then you try again, and it makes another jagged cut. This leaves a perfect opportunity to get cut by that nasty clamshell plastic.I had a friend with normal hand strength try it - he wasn't able to achieve any better result - the tool bucked and stalled, then flew out of position. We concluded that this isn't a safe or useful tool - far from my experience with the excellent Open-It.I too was suckered into buying this to open those awful plastic packages that seem to be invincible. I used this on them two or three times and then went back to stabbing them with a knife...or it seems...I avoid buying anything package in that miserable way if I am able to avoid it and 99% of the time, I am.NOW I USE IT AS A BOX CUTTER: Since it was not desibned to be, primarily, a box cutter, it functions OK as one, but not terribly well. You have to push the blade out and hold it out (using the little blue button) while you are cutting up a box. This feature is annoying and I usually only cut up five or six boxes (from Amazon of course) a day. If you had to cut boxes up all day using this thing, I guess you would go bonkers. It just is not heavy duty enough and you Have to hold the blade out all the time. But, since it was not designed, primarily, to cut up boxes, I cannot hold it totally at fault for doing that poorly. It works OK for my purposes and is bright yellow, easy to spot, and a very decent price. So, if you only cut up a few boxes a day, this cutter is just fine, and exceedingly safe.As a PLASTIC PACKAGE OPENER, it is OK. It does the job, but then, so does my sharp knife. So that leave this poor little item in between a rock and a hard place. It is OK at what it was designed to do. It is pretty good as a box cutter that one uses intermittenly.So, all, in all, I gave it four points and figured that was generous. Just do not want the little item to get a complex because of a lower "star" rating.So, that is the final word from me: OK as a PACKAGE OPENER; Pretty Good and Very Safe as a BOX CUTTER. FOUR Stars.Here is what I recommend: Use a sharp Knife to open Packages and get a decent box cutter for boxes:Alltrade 150003 Auto-Loading Squeeze Utility Knife.I love this package opener.  It's what I grab when there is a new Amazon delivery.  I have several and keep them in different parts of the house.  Besides the one I keep handy for those Amazon boxes, I keep one in the kitchen as well.  I use the small blade to put a slit in those microwave dinners.  Although I am sure it would be possible, I have never been injured using this device.  I have a friend who recently needed stitches and then surgery from a cut she received using a box cutter.  I sent her one of these.  One limitation to this is the heavy clam shell packages.  It's hard to open them using this alone.  I also have aZibra ZPCOPEN-OR Open It Universal Package Opener, which I use for those tough jobs.My wife bought this to open those annoying plastic clamshell packages. I wound up using a scissors instead. Here's why.This product comes with a small retractable utility blade (you can buy one for a dollar in Home Depot) that barely extends. The theory is to use that blade to start a cut in the clamshell, and then effortlessly slice through with the fixed blade in the opening of this product. I tried it without success on a small clamshell package, and then just used an ordinary scissors, which worked fine.We keep this in the kitchen and use it as a utility knife to cut through the tape on packages, so it's not a total loss, which is why I gave it two stars instead of one. But even a deluxe utility knife costs much less than this product, and also has a blade that is larger and protrudes further (I own one) and hence cuts more easily, not to mention that the blade is replaceable (unlike the blade on this product).Bottom line: I didn't want to throw this out, so I am using it. But I would not recommend this to a friend. Instead I would tell a friend to look at the Zibra Open-It (which I have reviewed on Amazon), which is a much better product. However, I would also tell a friend to look around his house to make sure that he does not already have a utility knife and a heavy duty pair of scissors or shears that will accomplish opening clamshell packages.I hate getting products in strong, awkward hard plastic containers.  There is no easy way to open them.  I have tried knives, screwdrivers, chisels, and scissors.  For me it is tough to open them without damaging the product inside.Then I heard about the "OpenX Dual Blade Universal Package Opener."  It is not expensive so I thought it was likely a scam.  I mean those packages are tough.  How could a device so simple and cheap do the job?It actually works!  Now I wonder why I didn't think of it and invent the thing - I could have funded my retirement.  Well my frustration is down and I can now order products and not worry how they are packaged.  I recommend this product.I rate it high because of the frustration relief.We bought the Plantronics HL10 Handset Lifter to go with ourPlantronics CS-55 Dect 6.0 Digital Wireless Office Headsetand have been very pleased with both devices. Using the handset lifter give you the ability to answer calls directly from the wireless headset, which is good if you spend a lot of time away from the physical phone to which the headset unit is connected.Setup was amazingly easy, just following the directions allowed us to get this installed in just a few minutes on our very inexpensive no-name speaker phone.Like our Plantronics Headset, this has passed the test of time and I would buy a new one if it failed today.Highly Recommended!CFHThis device allows me to answer incoming calls on my NEC phone while I roam the office with my Plantronics wireless headset in place. This headset already has enough wireless range to cover half the floor in my building, so the ability to answer the phone at such a distance is extremely useful in a bunch of situations. A couple of key features:When a call comes in, either Intercom or from an external line, there is a chime in my ear that alerts me to the call. I can then press the single button on the headset and the receiver is lifted, allowing me to receive the call.When the call is done, I press the single button again and the receiver hangs up.It's about as simple as conceivably possible.The install instructions were however less than perfect. To get this to work properly, I have to unplug the phone base from the handset and in to the Plantronics unit. The handset is then plugged in to the Plantronics unit. This was not explicitly stated in the install instructions. It took 10-15 minutes to figure out the trick. Once that was worked out however, everything has been perfect.The only thing that I cannot easily do is pick up parked calls as there is no function to select a line. I can live with that shortcoming.First of all, I must start out by saying that I am a little surprised that this little mechanical device is even necessary with all of the technological advances out there these days.  The HL-10 is kind of a "throw back to the seventies" in terms of its jerry rigging function.  Having said this...  Plantronics builds quality stuff and I am sure that there is a good reason for it.  The device does exactly what it is supposed to do once you adjust it for your individual phone.  I was a little concern that it would fit my phone but they include plenty of adjustment options to take care of any setup.  I am using it with a Plantronics CS351N  headset - which I love for it professional wireless function.  I tested the HL-10 by picking up/hanging up the headset 10 times in sucession and the lifter raised and lowered the receiver successfully each time.  That was good enough for me.  Definitely worth the $ if you own a wireless headset and you roam around the house/office while talking on the phone.I used this phone lifter in combination with the Plantronics CS50 Wireless Office Headset.  It was a powerful combination that allowed me to answer my phone up to 300 feet away from my office. This lifter fits onto your phone base and lifts the receiver when you press a button on your remote headset.  You can answer the phone or hang-up when the call is completed without ever touching the receiver.The lifter came with a plug in mini-microphone ring detector that attached to my base phone and it allowed the base station to notify me when the phone was ringing.  The setup was quick and easy and the device took up almost no space on my desk as it attached to my phone.I spent thousands of hours a year on the phone and this device along with my remote wireless headset saved me a lot of neck stress and phone holding for hours a day.  This is a useful tool in any modern office and I recommend it to you.This device takes a signal from a wireless headset like the CS540 and lifts up the receiver from your base phone unit. Depending on your phone's angle and the conformation of the receiver, it may work or not. My phone is a Toshiba digital phone and I was able to get this to work only by angling the phone almost horizontally, which makes it look stupid on my desk and also makes it hard to read the LCD and caller ID.Installing it is a bit twitchy, as you have to temporarily mount it somehow on the side of the phone as you play with where it is to sit, and if it's angled correctly. That's because the stickum adhesive is pretty permanent, so you have to decide the optimum  placement before you attach it. I had to resort to duct tape for this step.I'm going to be frank and say I have a love-hate (maybe mostly hate) relationship with Plantronics equipment. I go through headsets lately like nobody's business. My first one lasted 10 years! That was excellent. But the next one lasted 2 minutes (an M22) which only lasted that long because I tap danced on it before I threw it in the trash. The latest is a CS540 which I will review once I have one that doesn't arrive DOA. That's right, dead out of the box. I got it overnight shipped, only to diagnose a bad cable from receiver to amplifier (which will take a week to get replaced.) Nice! Overnight emergency turns into a tech job for me, plus a week's wait. I put all this stuff in the review, because I'm not sure Plantronics deserves their top spot in telephone headset and accessories. We're pretty much stuck using them and I see the quality going down over the years. This lifter is case in point; it's not the swiftest design imaginable. The little extender rod/gripper that is your last-ditch method to get your receiver to hang up is a kludge, in my opinion. Perhaps you've had better results, but I find this thing less than perfect.HL10 Handset lifter works great, very fast to pick up if away from the phone base!  I would buy again.I owned a few of these and they all have been working for years without any problems.  Good quality and I like the adjustability feature.It seems kind of hokey to have to use this thing, but I guess there isn't an electronic hook switch to go with my phone.  But it is simple to install (so simple I didn't believe it) and it works great.This file is not only TUFF ("Tyvek reinforced", "holds 900+ sheets", has "Thicker front and back panels"), it is HEAVY -- So NICE!! I TRUST it to stay on my desk. The older ones that I still have would topple over and languish on the floor with contents spilling out, at the slightest provocation. The older ones also had a GAP between each divider and the bottom of the folder -- so "small but important" pieces of paper would sliiide around on the bottom, with January ending up in November sometimes -- But NOT THIS FILE!! Mwah! I kiss the air to thank you for this improvement. I can now trust my important stuff, large papers and important SCRAPS to remain in place, where I originally PUT them. Sigh...no more excuses to my creditors about my losing things.....The "leather" finish looks nice - I like it-- I think it makes the file look more important.The label states "Minimum 30% Post-Consumer Recycled Content"; perhaps meaning that some of my paid bills have returned to me in reincarnated form. Smead also is part of the Sustainable Forestry Initiative. having seen too many forests in my nabe cut down and not replaced, I applaud Smead's efforts.So alot of kudos to Smead. Some will only look at this Organizer and say "hmmm...a place to store papers" -- but I look at it and say "Smead not only produces a great product but also remembers the user AND the orginal source (recycled materials AND the trees)."Thank you Smead -- you can "file" this one under "A" for "Appreciation".This expanding file is well-constructed and will hold a large number of papers.  It comes pre-labeled with the 12 months of the year on each pocket.  This is a useful file for items that need to be organized by date and it's large enough to handle significant contents.If you are looking for some organization in a home office, this might work for you.  Unfortunately, this is not a traveling file and it has no closure, which makes it's usefulness limited.  This could be used well as a file kept permanently in a cabinet, but it can't be carted around on its own and it needs to be placed somewhere sturdy since it cannot be closed.I am happy with this office product.  Here is why.PROS:Yes, it can probably actually hold 900 sheets of paper but it would be incredibly stuffed.  This is going to be a "monthly receipt" holder for me.  It is perfect to toss receipts into it on a daily basis.  I tested the actual starting width.... with no paper in it, and squeezing it fairly hard it is about 1 1/4 inches wide (without paper).  Stack 2 reams of paper up with 500 pages each and you will see a lot of paper.  Will you want to put that all that in here?  Probably not.  But I could feasibly see putting 500 pages in here, no problem.The front and back panels ARE thicker than other regular expanding files that are out there for sale.  And are they leather like?  Well, depends on what kind of leather you like.  There is a type of texture on the outside that is a bit soft and smooth, but don't expect this case to "act" like leather.  This is definitely a "tuffer" case then what is out on the market.  If you want to drop this file and have it still standing you can.  I dropped it onto the floor and its fine.  Would you want it to be leather?  NO.  It would be too heavy.  It is Tuff though.  Tuff enough I would say.There isn't a flap, but that is the selling point on this product.  I have used many products with flaps and I understand why you might not want one after receiving this product  You can put this file in your briefcase and just reach in to access your papers.  NO Flap to mess with.CONS:I wouldn't put file folders into this.  I tried and it really pushed the bottom of the product out.  Put papers in here without file folders and it will work fine.  Also, be careful peeling the advertisement paper off the front of the product.  When I did this, the glue pulled a small part of the paper off and now it has a mark on the front.  Bummer about this.If you are looking for a file that will allow you to sort receipts or other small papers by month, then this folder would serve your purposes.  It stands squarely on the floor and is not easily tipped over.  It would also sit on a desk squarely.  I didn't read the description very well and did not realize that there was no flap which would fold over and enclose the file.  So, if you are not able to sit this file in a place where it will not tip over, I would look for another file.  As for how it is made--it is very sturdy and stretches out accordion style very easily.This is a more than acceptable organizer.  But there are minor points that the buyer might want to know.No flap on top.  Smead makes a selling point out of this!  But I think most people want a flap - you can always cut it off it you don't need it.A little sloppy on the cosmetics.  The paper lining the front and back is glued on and some of the edges look like they might be peeling.  This would have NO effect on the organizer as a whole - just looks a little sloppy and I might have that one bad apple in the batch.It IS very strong.  The tyvex panels in front and back are overkill. Nice.  I think the parts that wear the most (side panels) are reasonably strong.  Good enough.It'll probably last for decades.This review is from: Smead Expanding File, Custom Printed Stock, Open Top, Jan-Dec Index, 12x10 Inch (70488) (Office Product)Vine Customer Review of Free Product (What's this?)I gave this product 1 star for a specific reason:Don't tell me something is &#34;leather-like&#34;, and then send me a product that is made 100% of paper products. The only thing &#34;leather-like&#34; about this product is that they printed a pattern on a piece of paper and then glued it to both sides of the folio. I won't reward a misleading product description in any way.Further, they made a design mistake on how they apply the &#34;skin&#34; they think makes it look &#34;leather-like&#34;. There IS a reinforcing material at the bottom corners of the file. However, the &#34;skin&#34; was glued on last, over the top of the corner reinforcement. It won't be very long at all before the glued down paper starts to separate at the corner, either from humidity or general wear. When that happens it will spread, and eventually the file will look pretty bad.I also think that the file should have been made just a touch wider. It is OK if all you want to do is dump receipts and pieces of paper into it. However, should you want to further organize your dividers by putting file folders into it, that is an issue. While you can get a file folder to slide into it, it is not at all convenient to do so, and it has to squeeze into the wider part of the section, where the accordion side is at its widest. If you want to put a few file folders in it, you'll be out of luck. Even making this 1/8th inch wider would have eliminated that problem. If you've ever put receipts into a file like this, and then tried digging around blind in the bottom trying to find and grasp them, you'll appreciate how much easier it is to have them in a regular file folder that you can slide into one of these and then just pull it back out with the full contents.They make the claim that each pocket expands to 7/8ths inch. Maybe in their dreams. Yes, if you virtually pull the product apart to fully expand one pocket, sticking your hand all the way in to assist in flattening out the bottom, you could get it to extend to 7/8ths of an inch. It wouldn't stay there, nor could you conceivably expand EVERY pocket to that width.I've had a similar accordion file from Globe Weiss for years which has a higher quality glossy exterior, IS wide enough to easily slide a file folder into, and has a fold over top which closes with velcro ... to keep you from accidentally spilling the contents of your file should you accidentally knock the thing off your desk. I would purchase that accordion file product over and over again and never consider this one in a direct comparison, and both are essentially the same price.When the description for the product said "leather-like" and "desk-top organizer", I was expecting something heavy with some kind of faux- leather finish. This organizer is sturdy, but entirely of the same standard cardboard material most expandable files are made from. The "leather" design printed on the front and back isn't even slightly convincing or particularly attractive.It is convenient to have the open top with no flap in the way, and I have found it to stay neatly upright and in place on my desk with worries about tipping or spillage. I usedPost-it Durable Hanging File Folder Tabs, 2 Inches, Angled, Ideal For Hanging File Folders, Assorted Bright Colors, 24 per Pack  (686A-1BB)over the monthly tabs. I found the built-in tabs inconvenient to read unless I was standing up over the file box, as they sit below the top edge of the file.My biggest complaints about the product are that it's just the slightest bit too narrow to put file folders in (much too narrow for anything like a regular pocket folder) and that smaller pieces or scraps of paper that settle to the bottom of a pocket are difficult to fish out. Papers need to be securely stapled or paper-clipped together before going in if you want to easily get them all back out.Overall, it isn't bad and will do the job. In the future, though, I will definitely steer clear of the "leather" finish.This expanding file does the job. It's sturdy and the tabs are labeled for each month. Each slot is big enough to hold plenty of receipts, papers, etc. It doesn't stand up on its own, so it does need to be propped against something.Overall, it's just fine as expanding files go. If you need anything other than organization by month, though, you shouldn't get this particular one.I quit using conventional file folders a long time ago.  With the pocketed ones like these, you never lose papers, especially small pieces of paper that you might want to include.  These particular ones seem to be tough and expanded nicely.  They are decently attractive too.  I wouldn't exactly call them "leather-like" as the description says, but they still look good.  If you need expanding file folders, especially ones with 12 pockets, you can't go wrong with these.  Smead has been around a long time and they produce good quality products and these folders are no exception.I really do like this expanding file!  It is sturdy and it holds a lot, while still feeling secure.  There is reinforcement at the top and bottom of the "accordian" part, and in the month or two that I've had this, it simply does not seem like it is going to rip apart.The "leather-like"description is a bit strange though.  The 8.5x11" sides of the folder are covered in a paper that I suppose sort-of looks like leather.  It does look nice, but the phrase "leather-like" would not have occurred to me.I added labels over the Jan-Dec tabs, as I don't need monthly tabs.  The ones there were nicely printed and easy to look at.I hate a file that comes apart, so this one is a winner!Well, this is a decent enough file holder.  It holds files, is reasonably sturdy, and the faux leather look is quite attractive.  However, I found that it has some sticking points that I'd consider to be problems.  First off, the company advertising makes a big selling point of how this folder has no flap and how convenient it is and all, and it sounds good at first, but it's actually not a good thing.  You could never take this anywhere without putting a couple giant rubber bands around it to keep it closed because all your stuff will fall out.  Also, it doesn't balance too well on its own, so expect to have to prop it up against something on your desk.  Not being able to stay upright on it's own wouldn't be too much of a problem if it had a flap to keep it closed and your stuff inside it, so you can see how much of a problem this is. Also, the folder is already pre-labelled with months of the year so if you want some other labels you'll have to attach sticky labels to it.  It would've been nice if it had been left blank so the customer could write in their own label, or if it had come with blank sticker labels to fill out.  That would've been a bit more convenient.  So, anyway, it's a decent enough file holder, but the lack of a top flap was a lot more problematic than I'd originally foreseen, so I don't think I'll be using this much.This is a high-quality folder with the pockets pre-labeled with 12 months of the year on each pocket.The "leather" finish looks nice and I like it.Construction:This folder is made of paper, all the way. Paper reinforced with more paper at places.Outside boards are thicker and tougher, and should hold up to regular handling and shelf scuffing.The pocket dividers are sturdy which means they won't tear just from getting things out of the folder.Usage:It's perfect for keeping track of those loose receipts and loose papers, especially small pieces of paper that you might want to include. However, it lacks a latching top cover. So I use a bungee cord to keep it compact when traveling. If you need an open file for your office that you don't plan to travel with it, this is for you.Con:My biggest complaint about the product is that it's just the slightest bit too narrow to put file folders in. And papers need to be securely stapled or paper-clipped together before going in if you want to easily get them all back out.Summary:Overall, if you don't mind the missing cover, this is a good product for the value.After reading David Allen's "Getting Things Done" I actually followed through and got this file folder.It works well as a tickler or next month to do file. It is better suited for home or office use as thereis no flap or string enclosure to keep it closed.All in all a useful file folder which is already helping me to "Get Things Done".When the description for the product said "leather-like" and "desk-top organizer," I was expecting something heavy with some kind of faux- leather finish. This organizer is sturdy, but made from the same standard cardboard material most expandable files are made from. The "leather" design printed on the front and back isn't even slightly convincing or attractive. Very deceptive advertising.I found the organizer to be much too narrow, to hold much of anything, let alone it's advertised 900+ sheets of paper.  The pockets are not large enough to hold a file folder so I'm always fishing around the bottom for loose papers. The open top is convenient, but the size and construction make it a fairly disposable item. Doesn't really work for me.This is a traditional open top expanding file folder with Jan-Dec. indexes on the top tabs. I use this for filing monthly papers and keeping track of receipts. The measurements are 12x10 so normal 11 1/2 by 8 papers fit nicely with some wiggle room. There are no bells and whistles here-just a basic file folder. It is well made and the bottom and corners are reinforced nicely. If you need to keep track of receipts for a small or home-based business or just personal use, I recommend this expanding file. It holds a lot!The Smead Tuff file organizer is just like the rest of the Smead products.  Positively wonderful!  This is a letter size organizer, that's perfect for keeping track of those loose receipts, school work, office paperwork, and has a million other uses.  It is a paper product, not indestructible, but I found it to be very strong and durable.  And I should know as I have two of these in my office, (both letter and legal size) and one for home use.  The tabs on top are already labeled monthly for your convenience.  However, I used plastic tabs, and taped them to the top to make my own labels.  It actually looks very spiffy.  Or you could just print a label and put it over the written month on a particular tab in order to change it.  The inserts themselves are, again, pretty durable, but they are not as strong as the material on the outside.  Another key note: make sure not to overfill the individual areas as buckling will occur.  As for the bottom of the organizer, the ends are rounded, and covered to provide better support.  I've, so far, never had an issue with the bottom coming apart. The Smead expanding file is perfect for individual or business use, and is sure to keep all your paperwork organized and neat!This is a high-quality folder with the pockets labeled by month.  The pocket dividers are also sturdy which means they shouldn't tear just from getting things out of the folder.  I am using this to file various statements I receive each month, replacing the system of separate, and rather messy, manilla folders I have been using.  While you can't stuff a whole bunch of paper into each section and smaller sheets would be hard to retrieve, this will definitely accommodate the letter-size statements I'm using it for.  I am planning on emptying the folder at the end of the year and starting over again for the next year.  While anything made out of paper won't last forever, I feel like this product will last several years before it gives out.I like it all right, but I'm not crazy about not being able to change the tabs.  They're printed directly on the dividers.  However, it's sturdy, well made, and holds what I need it to.  The only other thing I would change, besides the tabs, is having some sort of cover on it.It bugs me like something will slip out of it or something.  Also, it's not really "leather-like" in any way.  It's a very typical brown expanding file.Not sure why it is a leather-like description, since it is made up of the typical cardboard material with a leather design rather than material. This has the months stamped on each of the 12 tabs, and holds letter sized papers. The major disappointing feature is that it lacks a latching top cover, and unless the file is stable enough to stand upright, can pose a threat of dumping at a moment's time. I used string to correct the shortcoming but it is more of a hassle than anything else. This would be more functional in a safe or box container where it cannot topple over.This is a file that has the 12 pockets labeled with the months on it.Pros:- Sturdy. Material is substantial, feels nice, looks nice in the office. (However, having said that, I think the term "Leather-Like" used in the description is pushing it a touch. I never once thought leather when handling the file.)Cons:- No way to cover the top.- No way to fasten the file closed.Bottom line:If you need an open file for your office that you don't plan to travel with it, this is for you. It holds a lot, it looks nice, and you won't be afraid of destroying it by handling it. But be aware there is no way to close this file.The Smead Tuff expanding file is a sturdy product.  The January - December folder will help us file away things that need to be done months into the future, such as paying a property tax bill.  Each month can also have a reminder of what occurs in that month, such as birthdays, anniversaries, mother's day, etc.  If we really get organized, we can have the appropriate greeting cards in each month.  The Smead Tuff is large enough and sturdy enough to accommodate all of these uses.  The only feature that someone might want to consider is a flap that closes over the top, if the file is transported in a car.  Overall, it's a quality product I recommend.My typical method of filing things is to toss everything into a box and then sort it out once a year when I need it.  This year, I've decided to try something different: the "Smead Tuff Expanding File, 12 Pockets" folder, to file/sort my receipts, bills, statements, and the like by month.  Below are my impressions of this 12 pocket folder.Likes:- It's very sturdy; the front, back, sides, and bottom are all made from thick, stiff paper/cardboard.- According to the product description, it can hold over 900 pages (almost two reams worth of paper).  Based on my use, I'd say the claim is accurate, although I personally wouldn't want to stuff quite that much into the folder.  (And as each pocket only expands to about 7/8 of an inch, you can only put about 1/12 of that 900 pages into any one pocket.)Con:- It doesn't have a flap or drawstring to secure the folder from the top, so if it tips, things could fall out.Neither a pro or a con:- The product claims to be "leather-like".  What this means is that brown photo-textured paper covers the front and back of the folder.  While it isn't unattractive, it really doesn't add anything to the functionality of the folder, and I doubt many people are going to be "displaying" the folder.Overall, though, this is a sturdy, roomy pocket folder that will hold 12 months worth of paper for you.  Four stars.As with any ink cartridge, we are black mailed into paying way too much for what amounts to a small amount of ink. If not for the impact on landfills it sometimes is cheaper to buy a new printer then new ink.I always use HP printer cartridges for my HP Office Jet 6300 All in One printer. The 95 HP color cartridge prints out beautiful colored pictures, posters and labels which I use for my church bulletin boards and TOPS group. I highly recommend this 95 HP color cartridge for your HP printer.The cartridge worked alright so my complaint is the deceptive wording that hides the fact that it is a generic or refilled product.This was like hitting the lottary. I love my HP Officejet 6310 All In One. But ink is expensive for any printer. The price on this was was very low. It's new, in the original box and seems as though it has not been tampered with. How does that man say it on the soccer announce. GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!Now I can print pictures of my grandson from my cell phone & camera and display them in my memory albums.Ok, that said this cartridge is not in a box but in a plastic bag. This, however, doesn't mean the ink isn't great. It is! I've been using it and it seems to be of the same type as the boxed ink. A really good buy!!I am actually excited to be writing this review.I bought my HP 6940 on an amazing on-line special/blowout deal (forty bucks with shipping - brand new) after seeing the replacement cartridge for my older (and worn out) HP printer was MORE than a brand new printer, shipping included.I literally thought I would be better off just buying whatever new printer was on special from whomever at free shipping than ever pay for an HP Ink Cartridge again.  I was disgusted by the thought of the waste and absurdity of the environmental impact the HP (and all other printer manufacturers) Printer pricing policy whereby they sell their printers at very low prices (with a brand new sent of ink cartridges) knowing once you own their printer, they can charge so much for the replacement Ink Cartridges.Personally, I am VERY PHOBIC OF: 'Reconditioned'  'Recertified' products in general, paying for shipping, as well as on-line retailers who I don't know for sure have a good return policy.Given extensive on-line searching for an HP 96 Black ink cartridge, I was on the verge of just finding another blowout of any printer (I saw some other brand recently for $24.99 with shipping) but checked out the 'Other Sellers' of the same product and the radical difference in price for the ink cartridges from totally unknown sellers who charged shipping and had various 'recertified' 'reconditioned' wording (all my phobias together) I gave it a shot, expecting the worst, and prepared to take the loss of $9 over the ridiculous options of paying for a brand new cartridge at the lowest price with free shipping/and or actually buying the $24 dollar brand new printer.THE CARTRIDGE ARRIVED IN 3 DAYS.  POPPED IT IN.  WORKS FINE. (I am a very light printer user ... so I can not give any info about how long it will last)I Semi-Randomly chose 'SOPHIA GLOBAL' based on lowest price+shipping and customer rating.After placing the order I got a confirmation including a friendly worded message acknowledging ALL my own personal concerns and phobias (so I gather a lot of people feel the same way).Even better, when I replied 'great confirmation', they actually personally replied back.UNLESS THERE IS SOMETHING (I CAN'T IMAGINE), I would recommend trying the option of other sellers and other 'condition' of the products and I stand behind 'SOPHIA GLOBAL' among the sellers from my own personal very happy experience (The others may be the same or not ... I don't know).THANKS SOPHIA GLOBAL!  Will look to you for all future Ink needs.oh .... it did not arrive in a box as pictured.  it was just a regular shipping bag via US mail and inside was the cartridge in a professionally looking sealed plastic printer ink cartridge.  There was a protective transparent sticker across the print head (just like all brand new ink cartridges) and couldn't be happier (one less box to recycle).Loved sitting at home and ordering my printer ink at a reduced rate from Target or anywhere else. Had it within just a few days. So easy.Despite being very happy with my HP Officejet 7310, the ink has turned out to be a painful expense.  In the past six months, I have gone through three of these cartridges. I hate to single HP out, but the entire inkjet industry is guilty of fighting price transparency with inexpensive printers and inflated ink.  This is not to mention the constant changing of ink cartridges models. Does HP really need 200 different models of ink cartridges?  No. It would, in fact, be much cheaper to consolidate the cartridge offerings.  However, this would lead to excessive duplication and remanufacturing by third parties.What is particularly amusing, and perhaps offensive to some, is the enclosed "recycling" envelope that comes with new HP ink cartridges. This prepaid envelope, with the empty cartridge, goes back to HP so that it can demonstrate its environmental leadership. Of course, HP doesn't want the empty cartridges to go back into the hands of companies that refill and remanufacture them. Although I haven't done the calculations, I would assume the transportation and handling costs would actually do more harm than good to the environment. My suggestion is to fill the prepaid envelope with torn up remains of the consumer packaging that comes with the cartridges.HP makes good printers.  This is good ink for those good printers.  Unlike some other manufacturers, the ink lasts more than a few pages so it's worth it even if a tad more expensive.Creates great printouts on plain paper. The only complain I have is even when printing black and white, the cart. doesn't seem to last very long. Otherwise, I haven't run into a single cart. that didn't work.If your printer requires #97 cartridges, the twin pack is the pack to purchase: (HP 97 Tri-color Twin Pack Ink Cartridge in Retail Packaging (C9349FN#140)). I always like to have a spare cartridge on hand, not because they have little printing capacity, but because I never like to be caught with my pants down and no ink to print.I've had two HP printers over the past four years that both used this cartridge, and have had no problems with printing using HP cartridges. This #97 is the larger volume counterpart to the 95 cartridge. Paired with a 96 extra volume black cartridge (HP 96 Twin pack Black Inkjet Print Cartridge with Vivera Ink (C9348FN#140)), I get a decent page count out of this printer.Although not fabulous, but acceptable for printing photographs, the 99 cartridge paired with this one does a reasonable job. 99 is not easy to find in stores:HP 99 Photo  Ink Cartridge in Retail Packaging (C9369WN#140).If I'm not in a hurry and printing on inexpensive paper, I usually ignore the flashing front panel low ink lights and wait until the one of the colors doesn't print anymore. That maximizes ink usage from these cartridges. If the printer stops printing because the lights are on solid or the software refuses to print, simply remove both cartridges and replace them - you've now reset the ink level sensor.Compared to Lexmark, HP ink is less expensive. I think HP and Epson are pretty well matched on ink cost.Although users are quite happy with the printer, I would be hesitant with this printer purchase. What happens if you run out of one color? You'd have to buy a whole new color cartridge?It's hard to write a review on ink cartridges.  This cartridge was authentic, it is performing well.  I would recommend.Great ink...it seemed to last a reasonable length of time and have always been happy with it being from the original manufacturer.I hate going to the store. It is so easy to sit at my iPad and order my ink. It always comes within a few short days ready to use. Cheaper, too.This ink lasts a long time.  Pictures come out bright & crystal clear.  Smudges a little but you need to let the ink dry as with any ink cartridge.Favorite pen around our office.I knew what I was ordering when I purchased these: A precise, fine-point, retractable pen that's comfortable to hold and will last longer than the ink inside. At the price, I can stash them all over the house and in a purse, a backpack, and the car.Not really a fan of these pen.  I thought it was the gel model...it turns out that just a basic penWorking in a hospital, I needed a pen that was smooth and fine tip. I like that I can fill in documents quickly and the retractablility of this pen is important and makes the task and paperwork go by quickly. I love that it's refillable because I'm tired of throwing away good pens that dont have refill capacities. I love it so much that I bought the pen in two other colors. It's light and compact. I think I am a lover of this pen for life!Another very nice writing instrument from Pilot. This pen is for sign on the back of credit cards, or on white-outs or other shinny surfaces. I combo this with the Pilot G2 bold gel ink pens, then I am set for all writing purposes.This pen has a comfort grip at bottom of barrel. It is retractable with a clip. It writes decently, though not as good as other Pilot pens. With that said, it is still better than 90% of the pens out there.I love these Pilot Easy Touch Retractable Ballpoint Pens. I love the way they write.  I give them to people as gifts. Everyone loves them!I got so tired of looking for a letter opener or using my fingers to rip open an envelope that I decided to look on Amazon to see if I could find an opener that would make my life easier. Well, this is it!!! It shears off the edge of the envelope quickly, evenly, and I have yet to damage any contents in any of the envelopes I've opened. It can be used as a hand-held opener or used when sitting on your desk. The biggest plus is that it's easy to find. It's not huge, measures about 6&#34; x 2&#34;, is attractive, and battery installation is quick and easy. I highly recommend this frustration reliever!I bought myself one of these 1624's from an office supply house this past summer.Have used it for a few months and I have nothing but good things to say to you about this little machine.Then through Amazon dot Com, I bought two more as gifts, because I like mine so much.And I like the people to whom I sent these 1624's.Now what does that tell you?About how much I like the 1624.Need I go into detail about the little machine's selling points, or gift-giving points?Ok, you asked for it.A number of years ago, it dawned on me:If you're pretty sure that you'll use something every day, then go ahead and buy it.Well, I use my 1624 every day and it puts fun into what was always a minor nuisance.Zip those suckers open lickety-split.Trust me, it's fun.What surprised me is that I'm still on the first set of AA batteries that I originally installed last summer and it still opens the mail real fast.I like this little hand-held battery-operated letter opener.It's fast.Quick.Easy.Fun.No electric wires, no transformer, no desk space needed.Unobtrusive, inconspicuous, handy as heck.My 1624 is just a little friend of mine.You might think that it looks like a toy, but no, don't judge it by its outward appearance folks.And don't be afraid that you'll be buying new batteries every week.Nope.Good little machine.Amazing.C L SmithLove love love it, makes opening the mail a breeze.  Batteries last forever.  Great value will definitely replace if ever needed.it made my life easier when i have to open 20 mails a day. this is very easy to useI thought I'd give this letter opener a try since it's so highly rated and recommended by other shoppers.Pros----- FastIt takes about a second to open a letter.- SmallThe device is small and won't take up a whole lot of deskspace. It's probably a bit longer and taller than a full-sized stapler. It fits quite snugly in your hand if you want to hand-hold it.- One-Handed OperationYou can either hand-hold the letter opener or set the letter opener on the desk and feed the envelop with one hand.Cons----- May Cut ContentsThe letter opener opens an envelope by shaving off the edge of the envelope. However, it cuts far enough from the edge that it may sometimes cut the contents of the envelope as well.- Cheap PlasticThe plastic looks a bit on the cheap side. It has a shiny not matte texture.---The Martin Yale Automatic Letter Opener will make opening your letters fast and easy. Despite a couple of shortcomings, I like it!Purchased more than a year ago and still use it daily, still on original set of batteries.  A great little gadget, makes my weekend bill payment /slash/ spam trash hour, hmm, enjoyable?!  Gave these away as gifts too, just makes me happy to make somebody else's life a little easier.Great stapler. Uses high quality staples. Does not jam. Does not warp the staple. Not sure what else we look for in stapler, but the kind of solid, reliable staplers I like.For several years I have been using a store brand stapler after I lost my Swingline in a move.  I finally got this &#34;old school&#34; Swingline Classic stapler to replace the still useable store brand, and it is great.  I am so glad I went back to Swingline.  The store brand stapler did put the staple into the paper but not where one would expect them to go.  Perhaps its because I have used this Swingline style of stapler for so long, but when I put the paper into this stapler I know exactly where the staple will end up.  And it always works.  Never a malfunction.There is NO other stapler to buy.  This is the one.  The best .  The Swingline classic.AD2There is really nothing special about this stapler.  I basically quit using staplers some time ago as I found them frustrating and unreliable.  I thought I would try a new one to see if I liked it any better.  This one is just like the one I had 20 years ago.  This is not to say it is a bad stapler, it is just a plain lightweight stapler.  Nothing new or modern about it.  It does not come with any staples which is a disappointment.These Swingline 747's are a workhorses.  I have stapled many a bulletin board design at school and countless packets of papers for students.  My only complaint about this stapler would be the raised palm area where you press.  They should add some rubber there so that repeated stapling is a little less painful.My kids have had an endless supply of school papers and assignments to staple the past several months.  I've been using my handy mini-stapler, and realized that every Sunday night as I went to staple their packets, I was getting more and more frustrated with the mid-way through stapling and the jamming.  Switched to Swingline, and the packets and I are much happier.  No jams, it staples those stubborn, thick packets all the way through on the first try, and I like that it's heavy duty.I like the quality of this stapler when compared to other models, but it isn't as heavy duty as older Swingline staplers. I remember being able to pick my mom's stapler up at work, and it felt like a mini-brick. The old one I use in my office does too.This one is nice but perhaps not nice enough to merit the initial investment and the need for special staples unless you are super attached to the brand and model.I really wish this stapler was red - only because it would be perfect then.  See, the swingline doesn't bind up as much as the Boston stapler does. It functions exactly like a classic stapler.  In every fashion.  Put paper in it - not too much - and press down.  It is simple, classic and just works.I also really like the slightly matte finish on the body of the stapler.With this device, you are able to attach several pieces of paper together with a small metal wire-like piece of folded metal that essentially &#34;staples&#34; the sheets together.  This is done with a mechanism that will clamp the metal teeth through the pages and fold it together on the opposite side.  Many popular periodicals use a similar device to attach the pages of their magazine together.  With one of these in your house, you will not be able to replicate a magazine, but have several loose pages stay together by application of a staple (a popular location choice would be the top left).Spring-loaded cartridge on top gives you many staples so you don't have to reload after each single use.  The plastics and metals used in construction of the stapler are strong and resilient.  It is easy to activate, with the strength of your hand grip or perhaps a push down onto a stable surface.Sometimes I like to pretend that it is a living creature and can talk to me.  It's voice is not unlike Gilbert Godfrey.Swingline has been the go to name for staplers for many generations. Even my elderly father (84 years old) still has an old metal Swingline stapler he bought when he was a young man...and it is still going strong. While the model back then was very different to this one, it still has the same thick metal body and solid design. The good ones are just built to last. I had a couple of cheaper plastic made staplers here, but they lack the power to get through lots of sheet.I am sure you have come across this exact model before many times in offices and schools throughout your life, so you know how well made and sturdy it is. All I can add beyond that, is that this model from Amazon is the same classic type.Please be aware that this unit does not come with staples so you will need to get a box along with this. Just remember staples make a good stapler better so try to avoid the cheaper house brand staples. If you buy cheaply made ones they do not have the power to get through lots of sheets, they also tend to jam more inside the stapler. Be sure to pick up the &#34;Swingline S.F. 4 Premium Chisel Point Staples&#34; to go along side this purchase.If you want a solid stapler that will likely last longer than a lifetime this is the one to buy. There are not many things in life we can buy one of anymore and it will last as long as we will.I have one of these exact same staplers from decades ago. The style has barely changed. When something is designed well there is no need to change it. I think the major difference is the paint coating. Assuming the parts and design inside have not changed much either this stapler will last forever. Just buy staples, pop em in, and prepare to pass this off to your kids when they move out. This, like the name says, is a classic.Although paper is being somewhat phased out for electronic communication, I  find I still need a stapler for organization and re-sealing certain non-business items at home (e.g. seed packets).And the Swingline 747 is flat out terrific at this basic task. Although I haven't tested its' 20 sheet ability, I have stapled many pages together for reports. The Swingline smoothly handles the task, and leaves a tight, crisp staple in the back, never leaving a staple edge raised to catch a finger.  It's a sturdy, completely reliable, handy tool for home business paperwork, and much more economical than an electric stapler left constantly plugged in. Love it!.- - - "Commercial" model vs. "747 Classic"TheSwingline Commercial Desk Stapler (44401)is available for about half the cost ($8 or less on a good day). A little less guarantee, and it doesn't open 180 for tacking. But maybe better looking, unless you like the boxy 1970's look.As a tribute to customer confusion, Swingline names the less robust model "Commercial."- - - Choosing Staples - - -The box says to use S.F. 4 staples. These are apparently a premium version of "Standard S.F. 1" staples. Supposedly fewer jams. Swingline does not care to explain the differences, or the fact that either type will work. I only tried the stapler with S.F. 1 staples and it works fine so far.[keywords: SF4, SF1, SF-4, SF-1]~~~ Comments & questions welcome ~~~Had my Swingline for years and it doesn't show any signs of aging.  It doubles for duty as a paperweight on my office desk.  Well worth a few extra bucks for a Swingline classic stapler you may never need to replace. (unless you loose it!)I did intend to hammer on this thing and it did do what I expected, it jammed.  Once jammed hard, it seemed easier to jam with staples, must be a slight bend.  The movie Office Space joked about the famous &#34;red stapler&#34;, but the reason that resonated with most office folk, is because it's true.  The old staplers were made so well and with better steel, they did not bend or jam easy.  My dad had some of these and I've seen them at past offices.  The crime is this one is probably the best you'll find, and if you take care of it personally, and don't pound it with your fist, or try and join 50 sheets of paper, it may last a while before it gets bent.  For this low price, they will probably never make the nearly indestructible ones of the past, so be content.  Recommended, there's nothing else near this price, and it's not bad, it's just not indestructible, like the legendary &#34;red&#34;.more solid than the commercial model, stands up to use, keep it hidden or it will disappear, September 26, 2012a co worker killed my old, reliable yet persnickety HEAVY GUN METAL stapler from the old days when things were built to last.Somehow she broke it, not knowing the secret rite of restoring it to usefulness, and permanently broke it.I despaired of ever stapling agian, and got the really cheap one at the large store,a nd it failed.Then I got this one.I keep it hidden.It works.Keep it hidden or it will disappear!Stronger actually than other models, like the standard or the commercial, built for hard use like in the days of old, the classic days!This is a nice heavy stapler. It is metal, not plastic. It takes standard staples. It will  hold a pretty good stack of paper too, almost as thick as the staple prong. I am very happy with this stapler, and should I need another it will be this particular brand and model.Though this is still a good quality stapler, I get the slight feel that something is off. I'm not exactly sure what it is, but's different from the Swingline staplers that I've been using over the years. If feels different, kinda cheaper. It works well, but I don't think it will last as long as the staplers I've used over the years. Time will tell.I've been pounding on this stapler 8-9 times a day for YEARS and it:-Still works perfectly-Still looks like newMaybe I've used it 20,000 times and it hasn't jammed (except once when I mistakenly tried to staple a magazine) plus it's nice and heavy at 18 ounces and stays put when I use it. Luckily nobody has "borrowed" it from my desk, and if they did I'd be right back here and ordering another one exactly the same.I have had this model of Swingline stapler on my desk for over 35 years, and the original one that I obtained at my first job out of college still graces my home office desk and continues to work perfectly. It is a product that was designed perfectly for the task of stapling and there is nothing that I can see that can be done to improve it. I looked at the new stapler that I received from Amazon and it is identical, except for color, to the one I have been using all these years. A perfectly designed product that continues to work so well after all these years. I highly recommend this as a necessary office tool!Buy it! This is the real thing, a real classic. It may be made in China now, and have been changed but only slightly. Do not waste your money on cheaper staplers. This one will last! It's a heavy & solidly made item.  I have another, the same model, which must be 10 years old and works perfectly. Highly recommended.In my 37.5 years as a teacher, this was my favorite stapler. It was durable and worked without fail. Jamming was minimal.Classic 747 Stapler by Swingline is the industry go-to stapler. Robust all-metal construction 100% performance guarantee. Easily staples 2 to 20 sheets of paper. Loads a full strip of 210 staples and has a small cut-out area so you know if it is getting low on staples. Uses S.F. 4 premium staples.  Perfect choice for home, office, craft room, school, shop, and garage.This product does its job.  Can staple 15-20 pages with ease.  It's is a little bit lightweight but seems like a decent quality stapler.For everyday stapling, this is the stapler you want.  It won't staple more than 20 sheets properly, but most of the time you won't be stapling more than twenty sheets.  Unless you work in a law office.  Case files tend to be thick.I remember when this model was made entirely of metal, and I do not regret the switch to plastic.  The metal ones were very heavy, and frankly, a bit of a hazard.  Seriously, if you drop an all-metal one on your foot, your foot will probably break.  Plastic notwithstanding, this stapler is sturdy.  The rubber bottom is less likely to slide than plastic or metal, and shouldn't leave marks on your work surface.This is the model you can open out straight should you need to do some light tacking.  This would be primarily for such things as bulletin boards, but it can be used for some upholstering tasks as well.In an emergency, you ocan staple the hem of your slacks or skirt, but I encourage you to learn to sew a hem.Finally, and the #1 reason to go with this stapler is:  You will always be able to find staples that fit!  I own other staplers, and my absolute favorite is one with a grip, like pharmacies use.  But it needs "non-standard" staples, as do my heavy duty staplers; these other size staplers aren't carried by all merchants.  So, if you need a stapler, this is the one you want.  You will not regret it.The Swingline 747 is an all metal stapler in a black matte finish. The stapler is heavy-duty without being overly heavy to hold. There is a release lever that allows you to make the stapler vertical for stapling things to a wall or board and the stapler then closes quietly. The staples load well with a sturdy spring pulling up as you lift and the copper colored plate at the end of the spring makes it a bit easier to keep track of staples as you do the loading, if your eyesight isn't what it used to be.The box calls for using S.F. 4 staples for optimum performance. We loaded standard staples first and they worked fine for our needs. It easily stapled through multiple sheets and didn't jam after repeated uses.  This is a good stapler for a desk that sees a lot of stapling work or as a teacher's stapler for her or his desk.The first thing I noticed about this stapler was how heavy the package was when I pulled it out of the mailbox. This stapler is solidly built out of what looks to be cast aluminum. The style is classic so inserting a bar of staples took about 2 seconds. The lines a slimmer than most staplers, at least on the width and the length is a bit longer. I grabbed a stack of junk mail out of the recycle bin and put together 20 sheets of paper to test the limit. Using standard #4 staples the stack stapled together ok with enough of a fold under bend on the bottom to hold the stack together well. I stapled together this stack both holding the stapler in my hand and with the stapler sitting flat on the desktop and both results were satisfactory although the effort to get through the stack was less with the stapler on the desktop. If you're looking for a solid stapler with good capacity and is easy to use than look no further.Swingline and stapler are forever linked in business supply.This company simply makes an excellent product that is the standard office stapler found on most desks.The design is simple and effective.We know how to work and load it from years of experience with it.I won&#8217;t say there is never a problem but this is a dependable proven product that meets our needs time after time.I have this and another Swingline stapler, theSwingline LightTouch Reduced Effort Stapler. I like that other one better. It staples with less effort, and more smoothly. It lives on my desk, this one doesn't (anymore). This one is made with more metal, but the plastic on the other feels durable, and it won't be breaking anytime soon.This one does have one advantage: it will open 180 degrees, and can therefore be used to tack papers onto a bulletin board. While the other one lives on my desk, I will grab this one if I need to tack papers onto something.Anyway, if you need that tacking ability, get this one. Otherwise, I prefer the other one for desk use. Both are made in China, so no difference there.GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE RECEIVED! I am somewhat pleased with this product. I previously owned one of these staplers for several years. I loved it so much I decided to order one just like it. This one I can only assume is the NEWER VERSION. It is not as Heavy Duty and Durable as the one I previously had. This is the reason I gave this item 4 stars.I remember using my mom's Swingline 747 many years ago and it is pretty similar to this one.  Yet, this new Swingline 747 is much lighter and has a matte finish that makes it feel a bit cheap.  I also have a Swingline 444, from only 4 years ago that cost a lot less than this 747, but seems better constructed.  The straight and sleek design is nice on the new 747 and reminds me of my mom's stapler, but I definitely prefer the extra heft of the older Swingline 747 and my Swingline 444.You don't appreciate a good, basic stapler until you've had to deal with a cheaply-built, poorly-designed one. This Swingline is the kind of stapler that makes you realize just how valuable a good stapler can be. But don't take my word for it. Here's my wife's review:&#34;I LOVE this Swingline stapler! I've had my old cheap/plastic stapler for going on 15 years and have had serious frustrations with the fact that it won't staple together more than 15 pages. This Swingline miraculously and effortlessly just stapled together 30 pages! I bet it could do more, too. Also, the weight of it just feels sturdier in my hands, giving me confidence that it won't crumble under the pressure of the pages to come. :)&#34;Wow, it's amazing what a little thing like the perfect stapler can do for a person...&#34;Yeah, she does a lot of stapling. I did some of my own, to verify her opinion. It's true. This stapler absolutely crushes the other brand we had been putting up with. It looks good. It feels nearly indestructible.Buy it and don't worry about having a decent stapler for the rest of your life. Or until the world finally goes paperless. (Hey, wasn't that supposed to be about 10 years ago?)As a teacher, I covet my 20-year-old staplers because they are so much sturdier and solid than the ones made today.  This one is no exception.  It works just fine, and I assume it will continue to work until it's been dropped one too many times.  My hope is that it will last a school year, but I've had similar ones only make it 3-6 months.  If you're not in the market for a heavy use stapler, this one will do the trick for home/office use.After quickly going through several staplers that kept jamming, I spent some time carefully reading reviews, both on and off Amazon, and bought one of these in 2010.  It's still stapling just great.  No problems.  I don't think it's ever jammed.  When my oldest son went to college, I sent him with one of these.  Now that my second son will be heading to college, he will be taking one as well.  Nice to see that they have added color choices.  My first two were red, because that was the only choice.I would note that the black one of has a slightly different, less rounded, shape that I don't like as much.Highly recommended.This swingline model is a heavy duty stapler that will hold up to any kind of stapler jobs you need to do, whether it is at home or at the office.  It is a little pricier than some staplers but is well made and will last.I do A LOT of stapling. I mean really, more than the average person, I think. So I put this one to the test doing sets of EXACTLY 20 sheets of paper. About 50% of the time it did great. The other 50% it would mess up the staple and I had to fish the mangled staple out of the paper or the stapler. If you're just going to be doing a normal amount of stapling, this is a fine, normal, standard stapler. But if you're doing thick documents often, get a heavier duty one.There is nothing fancy about this stapler, it is well built, functional and capable of stapling 2 pages or 20+ with only a change in the staples.  When used as a "normal" desk stapler, standard staples work fine. With them I have stapled as many as 20 sheets. For a project that requires stapling more pages,  the standard staples can be replaced with the longer-legged SF4 staples.Loading the stapler is easily done--lift the handle, turn the stapler upside down so that the staples drop out of the track. put the stapler right side up, put whatever size stapes you are going to use in the track, and put the handle back in position.No staples come with the stapler.Amazon sells good quality staples of both types.Swingline is known for good quality staplers and staples.Sturdy, durable, east to use and great quality. It's nice to know some products are as good as they claim to be. I got this for my wife to use in her classroom as her school supplied stapler (not a swing line) always break after about a month. She loves it!This is a nice heavy duty office stapler. Not the cheap kind you buy at discount stores. I have had it for 1 year now, and it has held up awesome for home business use. Never had any problems with it! My last stapler had a loose spring that I had to constantly adjust or re-install to get it to work, so when I bought this one, it was a sure step up!This all metal stapler is obviously meant for heavy duty office use. It's not big, but it is extremely heavy. It requires more force to use than the Easy Touch stapler, but can staple through a sheet of 20 copier paper without any issues, especially since you can easily pound on it and it won't even notice.In addition to stapling, it can tack as well as pin. There's a catch at the base, accessed from the bottom - press to release the base for tacking. Don't try to pull it apart like most staplers.What's pinning? That's when you staple, but instead of the legs of the staple bending inwards, it bends outwards. It is useful for temporary binding. It's a lot easier to remove, obviously, since you can just slide the (almost straight) staple out. To pin, you push up on the anvil from the base and rotate it. Very effortless and the (spring loaded) anvil locks securely into position when released.If you want something that stays on a desk and can handle lots of abuse, this one is a good choice. My favorite hand held stapler is a plier type - the Bostitch B8HDP. It's not a desk stapler, but it can punch through more sheets of paper (30 or 45, depending on the staple used) without breaking a sweat.The venerable full-length desktop Swingline Model 94-41 has occupied countless offices for decades.  It was made in the USA and weighs 1 lb 2.3 ounces.  This more modern version of that classic stapler, introduced almost 10 years ago, weighs just 12.8 ounces, is about 1/2 inch shorter and is made in China, yet holds as many of the same staples and offers identical features.Like the previous model, this stapler will join up to 20+ sheets of 20# paper and opens, so it can be used as a tacker.  The entire bottom of this stapler is rubber-covered to protect table and desk surfaces.  There is no lever action, so joining a large sheaf of papers will require more force than a levered stapler, as was the case with the Model 94-41.Like Swingline's previous model, this stapler offers the option of rotating the strike-plate to fold the staples inward conventionally, to join papers more permanently, or to fold the staples outward, so the staples can be more easily removed without a tool.  With less weight, this stapler appears to be as usable and durable as any of Swingline's previous classic models.I received this stapler through Amazon's Vine Program.  That means that I received it for free in exchange for my agreement to write this review.At the time that I ordered this stapler, the stapler that I had used for about 15 years was constantly jamming, so this item came just in the nick of time.  It works perfectly, and I highly recommend it if you want a standard stapler.This is a sturdy metal stapler in a traditional design. It holds a full strip of staples, and is easy to load. Release latch on the bottom allows for opening it all the way up to staple on a bulletin board. It's a little tricky to release this, but I figured out that you just need to press the stapler together, release the latch, and then open it up.  Staples through a thick stack of paper with ease. You can flip the part on the foot around to make the staples bend out for easy removal. I use this feature when adding a price tag to Tshirts.It has rubber grips on the bottom that don't grip very well on a shiny table surface. They grip on paper, and other more porous surfaces.Overall, it's pretty good quality with the only plastic being the bottom part. I would give it 5 stars if the grips on the bottom were better quality.There was a time when all the staplers in the office were solid metal swinglines.  But over time they were lost or stored or just plain vanished.  They were all replaced by ultra cheap plastic staplers that feel awful in the hand and always put the staples in poorly.This swingline classic reminded me how it is supposed to feel when you drive a staple.  Clean and straight with a satisfying &#34;clickit&#34; sound.  Sure there are cheaper staplers but get this one--it's worth it.This baby made a cameo in Office Space - in fire-engine red - and if you saw the movie you'll remember it.Why?  Because it's an office icon.  These babies can go for hundreds of thousands of staples and keep working.  They're easy to use, you never stab yourself while reloading, and they just get the job done.I was amused to get a Vine stapler for free because I've bought many of these over the years, for my staff and of course myself.  This one will grace my home office; my work office has a burgundy one - just reddish enough to be an Office Space reference without being crazy stand out.Let me make it simple:  You got stapling to do?  Buy this.  You'll wonder how you lived without it.I sure enjoyed this stapler over my old swingline it is nice to buy a replacement that works better than the one before. Glad it is a trustworthy name. The other just got tired and worn out.This is the classic office desk stapler.  The design appears unchanged since I have seen staplers- and there is a reason for that- it works.The stapler does have a matt finish as opposed to the gloss one I have, but it takes the same staples and works just as well.The design does not make it comfortable to pick up the stapler and use in your hand.  It is made for, works best for and is most comfortable sitting on the desk.  If you like picking up staplers and using them in your hand, you might consider a smaller, lighter unit that has curves for your hands.But on you desk, this one continues to rule.The trend for staple manufacturers has been to make the cheapest, most short lived staplers imaginable. I have been using one from the 70s because of this: I continue to buy new staplers and they're useless within a year, whether they're permanently jammed, shooting out bent up staples, you name it.This Swingline 747 stapler has brought back the quality from the past. It's a heavy stapler made of metal with plastic trim (but not too much to make it disposable). The staples come out easily and are straight and clean. There is no wavy bending of staples here.I highly recommend this stapler to anyone who is looking for a stapler that is truly built to last.This is a classic stapler by Swingline and works just like you'd expect, consistantly and well. I tried this on various numbers of pages, up to even as much as 25 pages, and the stapler worked smoothly without blocking up or bending staples. This is a good choice for medium duty home, or office desk use. I have one in my classroom that is used by students, and so far the same stapler is still chugging along after a full year of moderate student use. Worth a look if you need a good, basic stapler.The stapler did not jam with 6 sheets, this is what I staple most often, most times it the off brand staples that will jam your stapler, I would recommend this product  I suggest Swingline Staples too.For the past few years I've been using a mini no-name stapler that was iffy at best; but this standard size Swingline stapler is great. It is easy to load and staples every time.This stapler gets heavy  use from a wide variety of users in the offices of the New York-New Jersey Trail Conference and it seems to hold up well.It can staple 24 pages of 18 pound bond with little trouble, and can go up to 30 pages with a double staple, one from the front and one almost on top on the bottom.It's lighter than the ones from ten years ago -- those were made in Mexico and this example was made in China. But it does the same job very well.Robert C. RossMay 2014I've got two staplers at work, both from Swingline. One's the infamous red one, and the other's a silver one with a mirror finish. I love my Swingline staplers, and get upset whenever someone tries to take mine.They're built to less, and I've had no jams whenever using Swinglines.This 747 "classic" stapler is pretty much the same thing, constructed in a smooth matte finish, but what I don't like about it is that it has a rectangular head. My other staplers have a smoother finish that makes it look sleeker.Functionality-wise, there's no difference; it's just personal preference. Some may prefer the flatter top as there's less of a chance of the hand slipping when stapling a heavy stack. I, however, have had no issues with my others, thankfully.Wow. Can't believe I went that much at length to describe a stapler. Who knew staplers are not built the same, despite having a sole purpose?I've used these since I can remember... 40 years? They are work horses and never quit. I'll always buy them.Most of us think a stapler is a stapler, but this is not true.  Swingline has been around a long while and although it is made in China, this one appears to be sturdy and well made.What separates this stapler from many others out there is that it is metal, not plastic.  Yes, it takes regular staples and it also opens up so that teachers, for example, can use it on bulletin boards.It does not come with any staples, so make sure you order those. It has a limited lifetime warranty when used with Swingline staples.  I like the feel of the metal in my hands-very smooth. I gave it 4 stars only because sometimes it gets stuck when stapling more than 5 sheets at a time.This is a large, heavy duty stapler.  I don't have to staple papers more than once with it like my small, flimsy staplers.  It's easy to use, looks professional, and has some weight to it.  It holds a great deal of staples, too, though it does not come with any.  I'm happy with it.The Swingline 747 is a smart, efficient way to hold multiple pieces of paper together. The secret to the Swingline's paper-holding powers is the use of a piece of bent metal that is pushed through the papers, which is then clipped over to fasten the papers together. Once the metal piece has been pushed through the papers and it has been clipped together, the papers are then successfully attached together. Technology truly is amazing!Also, this stapler uses a classic design, it's sturdy, nicely weighted, and will last a lifetime.This is just like the classic staplers I'd seen and used in my teachers' classrooms, only with a slightly updated design and a few feature tweaks.Pros:* Make primarily of metal, sturdy design* Holds a bucketload of staples* Can handle stapling 10 sheets without batting an eyelash, and 15-20 if you put some effort in* Unhinges so you can staple on a flat surface* Non-slip rubber grip on the bottomNeutral (or, rather, design tweaks):* You must press a latch on the bottom to unhinge rather than simply pulling the stapler open at the hinge* Stapling a lot in a short succession may result in a store palm with a square-ish indentation (ask me how I know)--in other words, square metal = uncomfortableOverall, I love this stapler and find myself using it more often than my other handheld Swingline.The stapler works well, looks decent, and has the ability to staple through a pretty good size stack of papers.  I have had these in the past and this new one seems to weigh less, but it still appears to be of good enough quality that it should last a long time.A stapler isn't a very exciting office product, though I'm sure they were very exciting when invented in the late 1800s. Can't you imagine what an innovation it seemed at the time?I have a penchant for office supplies. Just one of the odd quirks that form my (perhaps odd and quirky) personality, so I've both owned a number of staplers for use at my home, and used a lot of staplers owned by various companies where I've worked for many years of employment. Actually I remember buying myself a tiny Swingline Stapler in the 1960's from a &#34;five and dime&#34; store.  It was only a couple of inches long and held maybe 10 - 15 staples. Boy did I think I was cool.This Swingline 747 is as described: a classic. No, THE Classic. It's still metal, albeit with a plastic cap on the business end. I presume that is to protect one's hand from metal edges when using. I've never been a stapler slapper - I'm gentle with all my tools - so I don't know how well it works if you slam your hand or fist on the top. I know it works without fail from the first staple to the last when you press it gently (but authoritatively!) as it rests on a firm surface, as it also does  when held in one hand and squeezed.I stapled 16 pages of 20lb. copy paper without a fail. The description says it will staple 20 sheets, but I didn't feel the need to try the last four. For one thing, stapling is becoming a thing of the past. With digital documents and files surpassing the paper ones, staples now are a problem when preparing paper for scanning. I can't imagine any circumstance when I'll need to staple 20 + sheets together. But if I do. . .Doesn't matter to me, though I love my office supplies, and this pretty baby now has a home in my desk drawer beside a couple of other models. And while I may not use it a lot anymore, I know without a doubt that if and when I do need it, it will be ready and able to perform for me excellently.I literally am still using a decades-old and smaller, gray metal version of the Swingline Classic stapler that I stole from my dad so often, he finally gave it to me. When MY kids need a stapler, they always come grab mine. The small plastic ones that fit in their backpacks always break or just don't staple enough sheets together. So now they have this larger black one in their school supply drawer, although I may be stealing it from them on occasion! With its sleek design and smooth lines, it feels better in the hand than my old one.As you'd expect from Swingline, it's heavy duty, both in the weight and feel of it, and in its ability to cleanly staple several sheets together (I have not tried to do 20 at once, but I don't doubt it will). If I am sitting down, I tend to prefer holding the stapler in the air when using it, and some staplers aren't strong enough to work properly like that, because they rely on downward force. The Swingline works just fine whether you're squeezing it together or pushing down on it on a hard surface. Because it's all metal, it would be a bit heavy for a backpack. It's best kept where you'll use it most (and if your child's teacher doesn't have one this nice, it's cheap enough for you to buy it for him or her as a gift for the classroom!).Really, there's no reason to buy any other brand. I expect this Swingline to last as long as my 40-year-old one (and I am glad I won't have to refill it as often...it holds a lot more staples!). There's a reason it's a classic!This is an office staple (no pun intended).  Something that you would find in most retail stores and in small offices.  I have used staplers like this for decades.  This new model is good but not as sturdy as I remember it to be.  When I whack on this stapler if often becomes jammed.  I find that I have to be more gentle with it and slowly depressed the stapler's head in order to keep it from getting stuck.  Still, if treated with care it does work.The 747 series is my favorite basic desktop stapler.  his particular model is the classic design I've been using reliably for many years.But my new favorite isthis versionwhich is available in several colors including red (think Milton in "Office Space") and even chrome!  It has basically the same internals and reliability but a blunt nose instead of square.After about 10 years of use, my tan 747 is still holding up, although the plastic wrap-around piece on top has fallen off and it reliably staples 10-16 sheets rather than 20.  With the lifetime warranty, I can replace it when I'm ready.The black is a professional matte black, and my red stapler is more glossy.It takes a full strip of staples, but do put in quality staples.  The only time I've had regular jamming was with a box of cheaper store-brand staples.  Swingline recommends their ownSwingline S.F. 4 Staples, but I've done fine with any quality staples.You can't go wrong with a Swingline 747 stapler!... but they just don't build 'em like they used to.My mom has an old 747 at her house, and the thing is a tank. Don't get me wrong. This thing feels fairly solid, and I would go so far as to say that it's as solid as any stapler made today. However, I hate it that everyone feels the need to cut costs at the expense of an inferior product.That said, this has been a solid performer for our infrequent home use, and I love how it opens easy for tacking. That's probably my biggest use.I would recommend this for anyone looking for a home stapler. As far as office use, I can't say I've used it enough to give a fair assessment, but my guess would be that this would be more than adequate for the job.The only problem is that it isn't red.Normally, I'd review a device like this by pointing out that it works and that it's hard to make a non-functioning stapler.  Sadly, plenty of manufacturers have figured out how to make crappy staplers.  Swingline still makes quality.  Line up the papers, squeeze, smack, or whatever, and done.I dread the day when some cheapskate investor types buy swingline and ruin the quality.  It hasn't happened yet.  Fingers crossed.This stapler is the dependable sturdy no fuss stapler for teachers,home use etc. It has really been the classic stapler with sturdy construction and easy to load or use open or closed. So many models play with design color etc,but this is the stapler to buy if you want it to last and be just plain practical.The 747 is a classic Swingline stapler. Its metal construction is very robust. Although it does have a plastic strip on the top and a rubbery grip on the bottom, it has far more metal than other brands. This stapler claims to staple 20 sheets, and it does that cleanly. With other brands, the maximum stated number of sheets is often an ideal figure but doesn't necessarily represent a mixture with heavy paper.I compared this to aPaperPro Prodigy Desktop Stapler, which coats about twice the price and has a 25 sheet capacity. The PaperPro took decidedly less effort to use. The Swingline was by no means difficult, but the PaperPro works with literally the touch of a finger. With 14 sheets of paper, both stapled cleanly and the PaperPro was the hands down winner. When it came to 20 sheets, which was far less than the maximum capacity of the PaperPro, I expected the same results. But I got the opposite. The PaperPro was still easier to use. But only the Swingline stapled cleanly and consistently. The PaperPro often left the top of the staple sticking out by as much as an eighth of an inch, often bent,  and stapled cleanly a bit over half the time. The Swingline was able to handle 20 sheets cleanly 100% of the time.The Swingline uses a more traditional mechanism and it shouldn't be a problem for an adult to staple 20 sheets while holding the stapler in one hand. It should work fine on a solid desk too, but on a flimsy tray or card table, you will get the feeling that you are better off holding the stapler than trying to push down with your palm to staple 20 sheets. For smaller children, I might still recommend a PaperPro for ease of use, provided that it's not overloaded. Swingline makes anOptima 70 Desk Stapler, Reduced Effortwith a similar design to that one, but it gave me poor results when I tested it in 2011. Children might still prefer aSwingline Bling Fashion Stapler, which will be no problem for a typical number of pages used by a student.The bottom line is that for a good price, the 747 gives you something durable, robust, and that works consistently without any gimmicks.Avery -- there are more letters in the alphabet than just the letter "W".And thse binders are WAY too small to contain anything other than FLAT PIECES OF PAPER.I am dismayed. Perhaps I MITThed the boat on this one. Although AVERY Quality is NOT Debatable -- it is very good -- it is obvious that Avery is not where I want to go to find Binders Full of Women.Unfair.  Avery makes good products but their marketing -- or is it Mr. Romney's praise -- seems not to have attained the 21st Century.  This may be the cheapest binder you can try to fill with women, but what about gay men?  Where are the binders for us?  Sure, it would have to be made of black leather (no vinyl or polyester for us, No!) but I'm sure the gay market would suffer a bigger price if it were made of all natural materials.  Especially if it has a few Bears preloaded into it.  (Loaded with heavily loaded Bears would be best of all.)  I have posted a photo here to give the busy marketing minds at Avery just such an inspiration.AVERY-DENNISON Economy Round Ring Binders are very durable and they are the perfect size for my paperwork that I use as a reference when I blog.More than ever before, supporting binders in the workplace should be viewed as a national security imperative. In my view, the public sector can do a better job of investing in 3-ring, black binders. We must do more to develop the skills and confidence that will encourage binders in a technology-driven, globalized world.This is a very inexpensive binder. It is definitely no "Trap-her Keep-her". It offers little protection for your most valuable women, and won't hold many at all. It is OK for your cheap women though. For your most precious ones, spend a little more for a binder that offers some better protection. This 1 inch binder is most suitable for home use or small businesses.  For large corporations,  you'll want to upgrade to a 2 inch binder. If you're a former governor running for the Presidency of the United States,  then go with a 3 inch,  better built binder.I can fit a lot of paper work its perfect if you are a self-employed personthe color was a nice touchAs an early feminist with nearly 40 years of work history in Silicon Valley, enduring discrimination, misconceptions, glass ceilings, and harassment, I have accumulated life experiences and education and skills (and a few extra lbs. too) to the extent that I am quite certain I cannot be squeezed into the economical 1" binder. And why does it have to be black anyway? So that we "women in binders" can be shelved neatly and forgotten, eventually to be packed up and sent away to Datasafe? I think not. I demand a 5" D-Ring binder with multiple index tabs and sturdy pockets and it needs to be fluorescent pink so that I can be bright and visible - it's about time! I deserve the biggest, boldest binder that Avery makes. I am not going to allow myself to be stuffed quietly into a nondescript economy version skinny black binder. We "women in binders" must unite to get what we deserve.I am researching family tree and needed a binder to keep the paperwork in for each major branch off of the tree. It's a very big tree so far and may need more binders. Much easier to handle than a large binder at this point and can locate ancestors quickly using labels on the outside and dividers on the inside.This product is inexpensive, but not cheap!  Good quality and cheaper on Amazon than I found in the stores.  I bought extras for the kids to use & they have held up very well!  I'm impressed.This is a great binder that will last for a long time.  The side folder are very strong and can hold a good amount of paper.  If you a binder that has good quality at a low price look no further.As an employer in Boston,MA im always trying to diversify my catering business with equal numbers of woman and men. But as time passed,the women became more educated and left my business for more skilled jobs outside of the kitchen. So when i found out that i can find some women in binders,i immediately jumped on the opportunity. I bought two dozen of these binders expecting them to be full of women and even shipped them via 1-Day Amazon Prime shipping! When i got my package from UPS i noticed that the box was a little smaller than i expected. Once I fully opened everything, to my surprise i saw that the binders were completely empty. I called Amazon customer service immediatetly and got connected to an agent from India,who seemed very confused when i tried explaining to her that my binders were missing the women i was told about. So unfortunately it looks like i was deceived by some guy named Willard on TV in regards to these binders :/These binders maybe good for a couple papers but lack the women i was told about. I hope amazon is understanding and refunds me when i try giving them a call again tomorrowFollow the instructions properly and you get good results. I made custom T-Shirts with our Band's logo on the day of a Gig we had. Quite easy once you get the hang of it.Some common mistakes are:- Iron not hot enough- Make sure its a flat bottom iron (no holes at the bottom, water/steam irons can't work)- Make sure the surface you are pressing on it smooth and solid (use solid and flat fabric to press on, avoid carpet kinda material like towels, etc)- Be sure to put something like a cotton pillow case over the printout when ironing it on- Make sure the T-Shirt is mostly cotton- When ironing it on make sure you focus the center of the iron, move slowly left to right, top to bottom.- Concentrate on the ends- If you could try to cut the edges of the print out round- Cut close (but not to close) to the actual image on the print out. You don't want to leave too much blank transfer paper because that could cause hazing.My Wife washed my shirts after the Gig and it seems fine so far.We had another gig the other day and my band mates washed their to wear at the gig also, the shirts seem ok to me and I had no complains from them so far.Enjoy!The other reviewers are concentrating on the advertised purpose of these sheets. I am making a different use of these sheets and they work great for it.  I take my digital images from my iphone, work on them in photoshop and then transfer them to handmade paper using this product.  The image comes through beautifully and makes a great art work for hanging.  This use involves no washing of the end product in your washing machine so that is not a factor as it is in the other reviews. Some images work better than others in this process but that is an artistic judgment in that the medium is more well suited for some images than others.  This is true of any new art or craft technique and only trial and error show which images will work best.  I agree with the reviewer who states that this product is being very nicely improved each and every year.  I used this product about five years ago and it was incapable of being used then for the way I am using it today.We used these transfers for making literally hundreds of handkerchiefs as gifts. They work great and have an easy learning curve. Try practicing with a little piece first to get the hang of it and read and follow the directions carefully so that you have no problems. Quite a few of us worked on these and none of us had any problems. Remember to keep your iron moving so that you don't burn the material underneath. These also wash up well and the colors hold up well also.Not expensive, easy to use with great results.I designed a small logo, printed and transferred it to a dozen T shirts with great success ina short period of time.Everything works great if you follow the instructions.I used these image transfer pages to make specialized onesies.  I started with white 100% cotton onesies that I prewashed/dried.  Following the directions, I preheat my iron (a no name cheap brand) with out any water inside for 5 mins.  I placed the onesie on a pillow case on a chair, applied the transfer paper and ironed for 20 seconds right to left, then another 20 seconds up and down pushing down while I ironed.  I allowed each onesie to sit for 5 mins before I pulled the paper off.  Each onesie came out perfect.As a tip, I would recommend that you make sure no dust or hair falls onto your item... I had a hair that is now part of the beautiful artwork I made for the onesies.They have a sticker on the packages saying the colors are brighter and they won't crack.  I tried those first and they are beautiful.  I bought some more, but they didn't have the sticker on them.  Those must be what everyone here is reviewing.  The old ones are indeed waxy with okay colors.  I hope they don't peel like everyone says.  But those improved ones are wonderful - brilliant colors and nice feel, not waxy at all.  Trust me, there is a difference.  I haven't washed the new improved ones yet, but they do look like they are durable and will withstand the wash.  Wish there was a way to tell if the package we are getting from Amazon is new or old.  I think the stock number is the same.UPDATE:  It has been an entire year since I've done some thirty or so transfers using various brands.  Those new and improved Avery transfers are the best.  One year later, through repeated washings, the new and improved ones still look bright and beautiful.  The others are old and faded.  Look carefully on the package.  If they are new and improved Avery, that's the one you want.I made decals to put on some tee shirts.  They were mostly red so I wasn't sure how they would print on this paper.  They turned out perfect.  Luckily I have a printer where you can choose what you are printing on.  I selected tee shirt transfer and it printed the lettering backwards so when I ironed it on, it was correct. The transfer pealed off easily and the tee lookied like something you would purchase in a store.  My only issue, which may not have even been from the transfer paper was that the instructions said to leave a small border around the transfer when you cut it out.  I did and it looked fine until I washed it, then that border turned a light yellow.  If I had known that sooner, I would have cut the transfer exactly to size.  But overall I am happy with this purchase.These worked well and inexpensively for a small confernce. I made labels for the outside and they looked fine. Inside fit a business card.Be sure to read the product description.  I cannot complain about the product, but I did not get what I thought I was ordering.  But, that was my fault.  The product clearly says &#34;embossed.&#34;  I was looking for the smooth laminated type finish.  I will keep these around the office and use them for something.  Lesson learned.  Read before you buy.2 pocket, bright green folders.  Definitely not the highest quality paper, but we were looking for inexpensive folders, and have had no issues with workmanship - no defects, color is consistent, and these are about 1/2 the cost of purchasing from the big box store.  We've been using for about a year, also the kind with 3-prongs - both work fine.Loved these folders -- durable, good quality, and perfect for my small business presentations.  Very affordable, fast shipping.  Will definitely purchase again.The reason I say good folders is because I really thought I was just paying for one!  I did not pay any attention to quantity. I just needed one for my mother to turn in her quarterly papers to senior building. Green is a favorite color of mine, so I will be using them in the future. We used to use them a lot when I was working. I recommend for the price!This item was shipped to me from Sam's Club so I was wondering what was delivered. For the most part these are exactly as you would expect a basic 2-pocket folder to be. The color is a true black (if that makes any sense). I gave this 4 stars as at least 5 out of the box of 25 had some sort of defect... a run in the color typically. Also, the ones I received did not have a place for a business card as pictured but this was not an issue for me.This is a lot of tape for a good price with the dispenser. I ordered a few and I recommend them.This is a great deal, with a great product. The tape dispenser is large and heavy which is great you don't have to worry about it moving while you pull of tape., the tape fill arm swings out so no more loosing the roller when you pull backwards. Perfect all around, and at the price how can you beat the combo.Make it easier to dispenc using your other hand to hold down the item  being taped. Easy to load and unload. ThanksI do love the ease of replacing the tape, and that it's heavy so that I can get the tape with one hand. But only complain I had is that the item was scratched on the top out of the box. And very noticeable as if a kid grabbed it and dragged it across a harsh surface.The dispenser is weighted to keep it from sliding when pulling the tape.  It has a nice style. The tape is good quality.  I think all tape is way overpriced, but this is about as good as you'll find for quality tape.This review is too the point:  this item is as advertised.  So, if you like the ad, you will like this item!!  I am satified with mine! Reasonable price for purchase.The dispenser has a good weight, and the bottom of it has nice thick rubber pads to prevent it from sliding around. The tape that came with it is nice and thick, not cheap and thin like some others. Did not really expect the dispenser to be as nice as this one is, that alone is worth the price. Will make gift wrapping quicker and more enjoyable.I used to use the disposable ones. I finally broke down and got this one. I use it for some arts craft stuff.  It works well.This is a quality dispenser, and the tape included makes for a nice package. Heavy base and tractive rubber bottom for serious staying power when pulling tape.I have used this tape for years, it is the best brand, the dispenser is also one of my favorites -- however, the price is pretty high, but I couldn't find it much cheaper any other seller on Amazon, and overall, I think it was the best deal.got tired of these little rolls of tape that don't stick and don't have much tape on them and you run out in the middle of a projectWhen I ordered this, I thought the dispenser that came with it would be some cheap, lightweight dispenser but I was wrong.  The dispenser is attractive in design and very sturdy.  It doesn't look or feel cheap at all, it is weighted.  So when I'm pulling on tape, it doesn't start scooting at me like so many other dispensers do.  The way you put the tape in is unique too, and keeps you from losing the spool.  I ordered this for the tape, thinking it would be a bonus to get a dispenser with it but I ended up feeling like it was a bonus to get the tape when the dispenser turned out to be so good.  Very pleased.What can you say about tape? Well, you get what you pay for and this is a whole lot better than Dollar store tape. A good value for the bundle.Arrived when I expected and in perfect condition.  Great price for what you get.  Gave 4 stars because it works perfectly, but is not the nicest or fanciest.  But for the price it is perfect.  Not a bad addition to my desk and came with plenty of refills.Golly Suzam. Excellent product and as the name indicates it is very good. Fast shipping and came with dispenser.Gooood. Go for it.I ordered this as a special and got a great price.  The dispenser looks great on my desk, is weighted and has a quick release for refilling the tape.  It also came with an abundance of tape.  Thanks Amazon for offering it at such a low price, wouldn't be able to find that in an office store.I needed a stand for my laptop but couldn't justify paying $40-50 for a shaped piece of metal or plastic... so when I saw this one at this price I jumped and definitely love it.It is really sturdy, and holds my laptops (Samsung Series 7 and Macbook Air) splendidly. The rubber base and rubber bottom edge that holds the laptop keeps the laptop secure and in place, even when opening/closing the lid. Also, it allows easy access to the SD card slot on my Samsung, which is found on the front left.The only problem, not related to the stand, is that my laptops don't open all the way, so I'm limited to the angle I can rest the laptop. No fear though, as the stand is adjustable and lets me place it at the angle I need. Also, I tried using my Samsung slate at the highest angle, and it holds that perfectly as well.This is really easy to set up.  Look at the picture on the box and put the two pieces together by unscrewing a set-screw and then putting them together in the position you would like to use your laptop.  Mine is at its lowest point as I still use the keyboard for some small things.The other nice thing about this stand is the way it captures cords behind it.  I'm about to start drilling holes at the back of my desk to get rid of some of the cords.  Anything that captures cords is welcome on my desk.  Unless it brings more cords with it,I had a Lenovo stand originally intended for myHP Envy 4-1010us Sleekbook 14-Inch Laptop (Black), but it was far too flimsy to keep the computer on my desk.I got through laptops quickly, and stands as well when the laptop changes.  My previous laptop I got in Jan of this year, was a Lenovo Helix, which only opened up so far (the hinge had limiters in it because the top comes off in tablet form so it couldn't open much past about 110 degrees or so).  In April I got the Thinkpad Yoga, which can flip around 360 degrees, so I wanted a stand that would place it higher off the desk in my office, more in line with the second monitor I use.  That way I didn't have one nearly on the desk and the extended monitor up on the stand.This seemed to fit the need, since it allows for a pretty high screen on a laptop if the screen can open up that wide.  And it does, and I would have loved it and given 5 stars, except that when the laptop is set to be raised to that high of an angle, you can't get it anywhere near flush to a wall or anything behind it, because that foot extends back.  So you're only able to get about 6 inches or so from the edge of anything, which puts this, in my layout anyway, at too weird of an angle compared to the stationary monitor in the corner.It works well though if that isn't an issue for you.  The rubber on the bottom edge does a great job of keeping it in place, and the angle is quickly and easily adjusted with a simple thumb screw.  There's no wiggle, no rattle, and nothing at all to get in the way of ports on your laptop.  It even has a couple slots in the back for cable management if your setup allows cables to run straight out the back of the foot.All told a nearly perfect product for me, 5 star build quality but for my use, only 4 stars for usability in my circumstances.  But still better than the shallower one I replaced that I used on the Helix that couldn't open the screen very wide.I used to get terrible neck and shoulder pain while working on my laptop (which I do everyday for 8 hrs +). Having this stand and adding an external keyboard has vastly improved the ergonomics of my desk. I love it so much that I bought another for a family member who was having neck issues. I've been using it for over 6 months and have no regrets! I have a 15.4" laptop and it sits quite securely on this stand (I think the few reviewers who say it's unstable must have assembled it incorrectly or had it oriented the wrong way).  Don't hesitate to buy this!I got a new HP 17&#34; 6 1/2 pound laptop but wanted to use it with a KVM as a desktop replacement.  Not knowing what to do with it due to the size, I got this stand and put it on top of the computer hutch.  It does the trick.  Even though it's plastic, it has lots of grip and hold the HP 17&#34; touchsmart pretty solidly.I love my 3M Adjustable Monitor Stand.  My monitor is not height adjustable so I was forced to look downward which kind of bothered my neck after long use.The leg of stand is removable in pieces to adjust the height so that your monitor will be closer to your eye level.The stand is simple and effective.Anyone who works with computer and have monitor set incorrectly too low should consider getting stand like this to improve your ergonomic position.  It is an investment well worth spending.What more can I say.  It's made out of cheap plastic, but it does what it's supposed to do, and it does it well.These are really nice for our 15" Dell monitors.  The wider 20" - 24" monitors really need the wider platform for stability and to not look funny.That being said, these are very durable for plastic construction, offer adjustments of the feet, and allow storage space under the monitor, which would otherwise be dead space.I have a soundbar connected to the television in my living room. Both are in a large entertainment center and I didn't want to mount either on a wall. I've had the soundbar in front of the television for some time, but it blocked the remote control transmission for the TV remote, so I had to hold the remote up high when I was manipulating the TV.I finally found a stand that I felt would work for my TV. The 3M Adjustable Monitor Stand (MS80B) is adjustable in height so that I was able to get it to a height that still fit in the space my entertainment center had for the TV, but lifted the TV enough that the soundbar no longer blocks remote control commands.The stand was easy to put together and also easy to take apart when I put one too many pieces on the legs. The legs and the platform feel sturdy. 3M suggests it can hold up to 80 pounds, and so far it has held myVIZIO E3D470VX 47-Inch Class Theater 3D LCD HDTV with Internet Appswithout a problem.I bought this to raise up my laptop and connected a separate keyboard to the laptop.  It works fine and helps keep my shoulders from hurting by being slumped over.The stand wobbles a bit going side to side, but not enough to really be a problem. The legs (stackable things to change height) don't lock in place, so they keep falling apart while trying to move the stand around.The 3M Adjustable Monitor Stand is pretty stable and I like that you can adjust the height by adding/removing sections of the legs. I only wish it were a little bigger so that you can store things underneath since my desk real estate is very limited.PROS:- Stable- AdjustableCOMMENTS:- Not so much a design flaw, but just that it would be more functional if I could better utilize the space underneath.Very rigid and easy to assemble.The center platform does not flex at all.  Very nice design.Good price.  I recommend it.This is one of the best sharpeners I have ever had. As the box says, it does withstands continual use in the classroom setting.The only downside is that it is a little bit to noisy and only allows one type of pencil (compared to others that can sharpen different pencil sizes). Aside of that, this is truly a heavy duty sharpener that is well worth the money.Likes:>Good, strong,"Extra Heavy Duty motor" makes sharpening pencils a breeze.>Designed for "Daily Continuous Usage".>Intended for "Office Use".>"Pencilsaver" prevents over-sharpening and waste.>Auto-reset to prevent motor burnout.>Relatively quiet.Dislikes:>VERY small/volume-challenged shavings receptacle/tray.>Only one standard sized opening for #2 pencils.>Shavings tray is part of the front cover; the weak plastic may not withstand repeated removal/reinstallation.>$50.29 for this?>Long term durability?Bottom Line:Lots of promises but failed to deliver on some crucial points:  A high usage, heavy duty office pencil sharpener should have a much bigger shavings tray.  Repeated emptying of the puny shavings tray may weaken/damage the weak plastic and attachment points.  It doesn't require a rocket scientist to design an effective pencil sharpener; just good common sense!Sharpens quickly, efficiently and quietly. Seems to be a nice, sturdy product. We have been very happy with this sharpener and highly recommend it.It does what it should do perfectly.Pros:* Weight is heavy and does not move when inserting pencil* Super fast motor sharpens very quickly* Tip of pencil (lead) is sturdy with very fine point* Good sized waste container allows several sharpening* Attractive designCons: NoneThe X-Acto Deluxe Heavy-Duty Electric Pencil Sharpener is a great sharpener. I love an electric pencil sharpener and this one does the job. I sub at a small rural school and they still have the old grinders on the wall so I take this one with me when I sub and the kids are glad to see me because they love it! The first thing they do is get all their pencils sharpened so this one has sharpened a lot of pencils. Get one, you'll love it!Four school-aged kids sharpen a lot of pencils.  This model did a great job for a few hundred sharpenings, but ultimately stopped working after just a few months.  I can't be sure what made it broke (there is a fair chance of foul play from the kids), but I didn't find anything jammed in there.  In my opinion these need to be built to withstand normal wear and tear from kids and this one didn't last long enough to feel good about.We were comparing this unit to an older very similar model X-Acto we have.  It is faster (the motor is stronger) and quieter than the older similar model we bought a couple of years ago.  The point that is put on the pencils exposes slightly more wood which is good if you tend to hold the pencil by the exposed wood.  It also has a nice amount of heft to it that means you don't have to hold it while you are sharpening--it will stay in place even as you push pencils in.However, the cup is really disappointing.  It is shallow and makes a mess when it is pulled out.  We had filled the cup with shavings after only sharpening about 10 pencils.  Also, the accumulated static electricity made the wood shavings jump around and get on everything.  So while the motor is heavy duty and the point it makes is pretty good the cup for the shavings is way too shallow for a "heavy duty" machine.  I contrast it to the Stanley Bostitch EPS12HC SuperPro 6 which has a cup at least 10 times the size of this X-Acto.However, the Bostich doesn't put as nice a point on pencils.  So if you are sharpening only a very small amount then the emptying of the cup won't be as big an issue for you and there is a good chance you'll like the point this machine makes.This sharpener gives a very nice point and does it quickly.  My only complaints: The base could be heavier or grip the desk better to prevent a little bit of sliding when you insert the pencil and it's easy to insert the pencil too far, stopping the motor.  This makes operation a little less smooth for kids, the primary users in our house.  That said, it absolutely does a good job and I am satisfied with it.Great sharpener. This is a great size for my desk at work. Sharpens easily and evenly, never one side over-sharpened. I would definitely recommend this product and not waste your time with the battery powered versions.I am an elementary school art teacher who has to sharpen and resharpen pencils for 150 students during a typical day, so a durable sharpener is essential for me. After a couple of months of use, I feel that this is one of the best of the many sharpeners I've tried. It sharpens smoothly, without damaging leads or creating asymmetrical "wooden spears". It is very fast but gentle enough for colored pencils. The design flaws that other reviewers have mentioned don't bother me, but the one problem I'd point out is the recessed hole for the pencil. It is designed so that a pencil cannot be inserted after it has been worn down to about four inches--in a public school one has to make supplies last, so this is a rather wasteful limitation. This is not the first model I've seen with that frustrating drawback, and I don't understand the logic of that design choice (if I were paranoid, I'd say the pencil guys and the sharpener guys were in cahoots...).I wanted to like the "X-Acto 1645 Deluxe Heavy-Duty Electric Pencil Sharpener" more than I did.To be sure, it does what it needs to do - puts a fine point on a pencil, a third quicker than most. Plus it's hefty, weighing in at 2 pounds 5 ounces on my kitchen scale; and at only 4" wide by 4" high by 6" deep it feels dense and sturdy. But as I sharpen only a few times a day "heavy duty"  isn't something I can attest to, so I'll fall back on the wisdom of Jurassic Park... Gennaro: "Is it heavy?" Tim: "Yeah." Gennaro: "Then it's expensive, put it back." Not to put too fine a point on it (ahem), it certainly feels heavy duty, but this reviewer can't prove it. Now for the shortcomings...WASTEFUL. With the X-Acto you'll be using five pencils for every four of some others, a 20% waste. Let me explain (warning, math alert): the blades are set too far back from the front, so the shortest pencil that can be sharpened is 3". This may not seem like a problem but consider that a pencil has only 7" of lead. My electric Panasonic and my manual Boston sharpeners can both sharpen an inch further, down to a 2" stub. The difference means getting 4" of usable pencil with the X-Acto versus 5" with the others. You may argue that no one can use such a small stub anyway, but being a conservationist minded guy (and a cheapskate), I like to use a Pencil Lengthener, Regular Beechwood. Finetec to get every last inch out of my expensivePalomino Graphite Pencils - HB Eraser Tipped Orange - 12 Count. To top it off, there is no "pencil saver technology" on this model - no automatic shutoff when the pencil is sharp, so every now and then a fellow pointlessly (ahem, ahem) grinds away half an inch excess pencil, from sheer absentmindedness.ERGONOMICALLY CHALLENGED. Heavy as it is, and so-called non-skid feet notwithstanding, the X-acto slides backwards on my granite desktop. This means I have to use two hands to sharpen: one to hold the pencil and the other to hold the sharpener. This is a failing common to all front-holed electric pencil sharpeners in my experience (because their operating vibration loosens all friction) and the only solution is to put the pencil-hole on top. My rickety oldPanasonic KP150BK Vertical Electric Pencil Sharpener, Black, One Unit(rickety because I kept kicking the power cord and pulling it to the floor) sets the standard, but, alas, Panasonic inexplicably stopped production. I keep the Panasonic and the X-Acto side by side on my desk, but 95% of the time I reach for the Panasonic - simply because I'm too lazy to lift two arms over to the X-Acto when I can lift just one to the Panasonic. It sounds stupid, but on a day-to-day basis this ergonomic factor outweighed speed and smooth operation. Suggestion: if I had to use only the X-Acto I would try3M Scotch Heavy Duty Mounting Tape, 1-Inch by 50-Inch (114/DC)to hold it in place.Now, these criticisms may seem finicky, but this is an expensive sharpener ($50 in August, 2012) so I think the criterion should be tough.BOTTOM LINE. It's quite sturdy and quickly puts a good point on a pencil. But at this price I knocked off two stars for being wasteful on pencils and ergonomically difficult.... . SIX MONTH UPDATE . .I took my own advice and used some mounting tape to permanently fix the sharpener to my desk. Voila! Now I can use the X-Acto one-handed. And because it's less rickety than the Panasonic, it has become my sharpener of choice - several times a day.Highly efficient electric pencil sharpener that is easy to use. Sits in a corner and blends with its surroundings. Serves it purpose. Would highly recommend this product.If, like most people, you use pencils only occasionally, get an old standby Boston hand-crank sharpener. Frequent pencil users, though, should consider a good electric sharpener. This X-Acto (by Boston) is a heavy duty device that should provide many years of service. It only handles the standard #2 pencil size, which is far and away the most common. The catch tray for shavings incorporates the guide hole for the pencil, and snaps rather tightly onto the main unit. (The tray doesn't hold all that much.) The X-Acto is fairly comparable to my old favorite, the Panasonic Auto-Stop, a sharpener that I've used for decades. There's no real Auto-Stop function on the X-Acto, but the motor slows right down when the pencil is sharpened. Also, while my Panasonic has four suction cups on its base for attachment to a desktop, the X-Acto merely has rubber feet. However, it's heavy enough to make suction cups unnecessary. It should be mentioned that the X-Acto's manual warns against sharpening waxy-leaded pencils, so colored pencil artists might choose another sharpener. This unit is somewhat expensive, but does one job and does it well. Pencils sharpened in this device will have a good point, but not a needle-like point that will break off with little pressure. The X-Acto's sturdy and heavy-duty construction makes it an electric sharpener to definitely consider purchasing if you need one.Real nice sharpener. Replaces a Panasonic that I had for two decades. I've owned this model for nearly a year now, with no troubles and it makes a sharp point. A minor thing, the reservoir is a little small, so you need to empty out the shavings more than I would like. But on the important matter of doing a good job sharpening, this gets it done, and is good and sturdy and acts like it will have a good long life. I liked it well enough that I recently got a second one for another part of the house.I have tested out quite a few pencil sharpeners in the past few years in a high use office environment.There is nothing quite like several people using a sharpener all day, to really see its quality and performance.This X-Acto Deluxe has thus far been a bit of a disappointment.  It looks like a quality item.  However, the point it puts on the pencil is not very good compared to another X-Acto we have.  Furthermore, sometimes it doesn't put a point at all.  Finally, the pencil savings cup is one of the smallest I have seen.  Honestly, for a product priced and positioned as a Premium Sharpener, the size of the shavings cup is somewhat laughable.The X-ACTO Teacher Pro (1675) sharpener I have had vastly superior results with, it features a large cup, and costs less.Unless I received a bad unit, I just can't recommend this over other sharpeners.  Even if I got a bad unit, it doesn't excuse the insane small shavings cup, an area that the Teacher Pro model excels at.This sharpener does a good job of sharpening a pencil. There is supposed to be a change in sound when the pencil is sharp. Too subtle for my ears. Thermal cut-off if it overheats. Compact, neat look and easy to empty crumb drawer. ( sharpener won't work unless the drawer is completely inserted.)A few things you should consider before buying:1: sharpener accepts only one size pencil. If you have students who use the fatter pencils this won't work.2: Not for use with colored pencils so if you use artists Prismacolor  pencils , as I do, this is not for you. The wax will gum up the works.3: There is no replacement cutter although there is a two year warranty. 90 day warranty on other plastic parts. Made in China, of course.Bottom line is I really have no major complaint about the sharpener. Obviously I can't attest to the longevity.  I think it might be a little pricey for what it does but that's just my opinion.I use this for my 2 son's pencils.... maybe 20 every month. That's not alot, but I  have to say I tried a battery style, and it's slow and cut uneven; and the batteries would wear out quickly. I tried the smaller electric sharpener for about $20 bucks, because I refused to pay over $40 to sharpen pencils. That one cut pencils unevenly and you had to force the pencil in to get a cut, and it was never cut even. So I bought a smaller Xacto, and it seemed to work ok, but was slow and you had to push hard to get a nice even cut. So my kid broke that by trying to sharpent the eraser side of the pencil.So I broke down and bought this sharpener. I have spent about $100 now to find out that i should have gotten this to begin with. It's big, but it's not that big. The tray is a medium size. It cost about $40 and it has a big motor. All I can say is that this is the mother of all sharpeners. For the home, it is perfect. I can cut a pencil to a perfect even point in about 3 1/2 seconds; everytime. I had to come to grips, that my kids will be in school for many years, and I should have just gotten this to begin with.I would have to imagine that any sharpener at this price point could do the same job. The nice thing about this is that although it seems like it eats pencils, it dosen't; once the point was cut, I measured it with an uncut pencil, and they are the same size. It does not eat the pencil, the blade just eats the sides of the pencil to make the point real fast, that's all. You know when to take it out because there is resistance when you try to push it further. I figured this out on my second pencil. It only has one blade, I wanted two blades, but somehow it cuts evenly as long as you push it until you feel that "pressure".Yes, it's just a pencil sharpener.. who knew it would be this complicated.We had a Panasonic Sharpener for many years, and when it needed replacement I thought I'd get another Panasonic.  Well, the only good one was WAY TOO MUCH money, and this was the next best rated sharpener.  It's working fine and as long as you listen as you sharpen your pencils you will not over-sharpen them.  Satisfied and hope to get many years from this item.It arrived yesterday and so far I love it. To those stating they sharpen 20-30 pencils at a time I'd say, ease off and slow down. Give it a rest.  And the included slip clearly states not for use in sharpening waxy type soft art pencils. The catch tray for the shavings is not huge, so remember to empty it regularly. I do laugh ... they call this Heavy Duty. My old Boston sharpener was also 2.0amps, same as this one, was 1/2 the size, and not labeled heavy duty. Prices have gone up. This one is twice what I paid for the old one, but it's 15 years later, after all. This appears to be high quality and should last for a few years. UPDATE 3/2012: Here it is a year later. It still works fine, but very noisey. Did try some machine oil on the gears but noise continues. I expected it to last longer than this, more quietly. ADDITIONAL UPDATE 6/2012: The noise continues and is getting worse. I would not buy this brand again.When I was a kid, we had a boston electric pencil sharpener.So you can imagine my happiness/surprise when I saw "Xacto by Boston" on the box.  I felt better about my purchase already, because Xacto means nothing to me, really, as far as pencil sharpeners go.  Seeing as how I had just spent a small fortune on a pencil sharpener, I needed something to make me feel better but I had already gone through several manual and one battery powered sharpener and I really needed something as good as the ol' Boston we had when I was a child.Other interesting details from the box:1) This supposedly has a receptacle size 7.  The largest is a 10.2) On a scale of 1 to 4, this one is rated for "heavy" use (a 3).  The only higher usage is "continuous" (a 4).3) It has a whopping 2 year guarantee.4) The box also says "Auto-reset prevents motor burnout".  we already used this feature.  My kids sharpened about 50 pencils IN A ROW.  it was soooo satisfying for them to see a perfectly sharpened pencil emerge each and every time they sharpened (even my wife's friend came by and wanted to sharpen a few).  But, they overheated the poor sharpener.  it stopped running.  Sho nuff, the next day after it had cooled down it was ready for action again!Overall, i have to say I was VERY unhappy to spend $40 to get a good sharpener, but this one has every indication of lasting a long, long, time.I would rate this a definite BUY, once you gag down the almost $40 price tag.  I wish I had bought it to begin with!For a pencil sharpener, I would give it five stars as it sharpens about as well as any I've tried. However, I placed it on a wood table, and noticed yesterday there are black rings from the rubber feet which have stained the wood and would not come up no matter what I tried. I am very upset as this was nice wood. So if you buy it, place something under it before putting on a wood desk!!!This one is going back - after about a month of moderate use it just stopped working. The other reviews I read were so good, and i was disappointed.I am an art teacher in a K-8 school who typically sharpens a hundred or more pencils a day, including large quantities of colored pencils. This sharpener is heads and shoulders above the model that my school orders (another x-acto that costs about the same as this!). I must say that I really abused mine--it suffered a couple of hard drops to the floor and I busted the tray that holds the shavings (be careful to empty that regularly, it gets stuck if you let it overfill). It sharpens extremely well--very quickly and evenly. After about 3 1/2 months it is starting to break down--pencils are sharpening asymmetrically, points are breaking off--but that is much better than the other models I have tried. If I were using it under normal classroom/office conditions and had been gentler it would've probably held out considerably longer.Update: I've purchased another one of these, and although it is working well I would second a criticism mentioned by another reviewer. The sharpener is designed with a recessed hole, so that a pencil cannot be inserted after it has been worn down to about four inches--in a public school one has to make supplies last, so this is a very wasteful limitation.I purchased this item July 18th and finally got it today. When I put in a pencil nothing happened, I tried 2 other outlets which were both working and nothing. I should have listened to the other reviews and stayed away from what they called junk.X-Acto 1744 Heavy-Duty Electric Pencil Sharpener, Black, 1 Unitupdate nov. 15th 2012 had replacement sharpener for months now works fine.Purchased new from Amazon warehouse, and I'm very pleased... like new product at nearly half price with no cosmetic defects.The S3 has a very powerful motor but works in such a way as to be gentle, shaving small bits of wood, providing a smooth finish and no breakage.  I sharpened my whole set of 132 Prismacolor (TM)  pencils with zero breakage, same with the Faber-Castell Polychromos (TM)... I've yet to have a pencil break.The 'pencil saver' technology works well... applying only gentle pressure when inserting pencil, the machine stops sharpening, leaving a needle-sharp point which is critical with most applications when working with colored pencil.After sharpening all my pencils I ran a couple cheap #2 pencils through it just to help keep the cutters clean.Finding a pencil sharpener for art pencils is a challenge;  I've found the perfect electric pencil sharpener with the S3.Quick aside:  If you want a manual sharpener for travel, forget the Multipoint (TM) and consider the X-Acto Bulldog (TM) ($7 at most retailers) ... It sharpens art pencils of any kind to a very nice point with no breakage and is easy to clean with full access to the cutter assembly.Thank you for taking time to read.UPDATE 2/22/14:  this worked great for a while, then needed constant disassembly and cleaning, tip kept breaking off, motor drags... I've cleaned it to 'like new' to no avail... would not recommend... I'm sticking with a manual sharpener now for art pencils... I knew it was too good to be true, but I hoped it would last at least six months... I got just over oneComing from a family of educators, we tend to be very picky about our pencil sharpeners. We like them solid and efficient; quickly driving the #2 down to a fine and sharp point without wasting much of the pencil length. Poorly designed sharpeners are horrible, and often require you to constantly grind the pencil down before achieving an adequate point. You will not have that problem with this pencil sharpener. The X-Acto Electric Pencil Sharpener is well built, durable, and finely-tuned to meet your lead sharpening requirements. The pencil is quickly sharpened to a fine, exact point, without being wasted. Disposal of the grind is easy with the removable trap. We've owned many of these sharpeners over the years, and this one is the best so far. Highly recommended!Very basic pencil sharpener that works exactly like I would expect it should. Cord is long enough to run behind a desk and plug in on a power strip on the floor. The unit is all black, no silver/grey color on the front as pictured in the stock photo. Also it has the product name on the front which is also not pictured on the stock photo. Easy to empty the shavings; there is a small drawer on the front of the unit that slides open to dump them out. The drawer stays securely shut when you want it to, so even if you lean the sharpener forward, it wont accidentally slide open.Sharpens pencils fine. No lopsided sharpening or sharpening in a way that causes the lead to break inside and slide out. An adult finger will not fit into the sharpening hole, but small kids fingers could, so keep out of their reach.Great sharpener at a inexpensive price.I draw and this means that I constantly am sharpening pencils. I'm tired of burned out handhelds and blisters so I decided to go for an electric. I was faced with a  large selection of varying priced sharpeners when I did my search. I decided to go in for a cheaper one. I knew xacto to be good from past experience. So I wound up with this guy.When it arrived I plugged it in and it worked out of the box which is great. Apparently other reviewers had some DOA which is a bummer. As far as sharpening pencils, I can get a stab-worthy point out of pencils with this (I've actually stabbed myself enough to leave a little cut on accident with a pencil sharpened from this). Though if you don't sharpen it as long, you don't have to get the super harsh points. The opening is a bit small so any pencils even slightly larger than a standard pencil are going to be VERY snug fits.This is my only complaint. Aside from that, it's great.Edit: My cat has knocked this off the shelf it sits on several times and it still works, so that's a plus!The electric pencil sharpener is one of those items you never thought you needed until you got one.Up until now we were content to use those, cheap hand-held manual sharpeners that tended to break more points than they actually sharpened.  But with our son in grade school, and going through pencils like crazy, we felt it was time to go electric, and, so far we're very pleased with the X-Acto Electric Pencil Sharpener (1818).The no-frills sharpener does exactly what it promises to do, delivering evenly-sharpened pencils for a reasonable price.  It's got a good weight to it with the added benefit of non-skid rubber feet to make sure it doesn't scoot across the desk.  And, just in case you happen to be in a pencil-sharpening frenzy, it has a thermal overload feature that shuts off an overheated motor so it won't burn out.  To date, it hasn't needed to do that, although we don't usually sharpen more than a half-dozen pencils at a time.I haven't used this sharpener for long (since the beginning of December), but it works wonderfully! Some pencils sharpen better than other pencils, but this sharpener works lovely. A tip: Do not sharpen colored pencils or pencils with glitter and designs on it. I made it a rule that these pencils are not allowed in my pencil sharpener. Also, do not allow students to use this sharpener. It will NOT last if you allow students to abuse the sharpener. Make sure you empty the cup or the sharpener will not sharpen effectively.I was looking for a cheap utility pencil sharpener for our office and this fit the bill quite well.  There were similar products for some multiple in price - frankly, I can not imagine what they could possibly do better.  The bin is easy to empty and the pencils come out perfect.We need a sharpner that doesnt stop working in only a month. I bought two of these and they are holding up, Make sure students dont bang the tray - if they break the end it wont workAfter reading the reviews posted on this product (A bunch of fine reviews too, I must say), there seems to be a very wide range of opinion concerning this electric pencil sharpener.  After reading both the good and bad reviews it would almost seem like we are all talking about two completely different products.  I am not sure why this is happening and can only speculate.  I suspect that it is a combination of things ranging from customer's different expectations all the way to some major quality control issues at the factory (Where ever that is) where the sharpeners are made.Be that as it may, I can only tell you my personal experiences with this particular product.  I had and have an earlier model of this sharpener here on my desk.  It has given me about eight years of very dependable services.  Of late though you can tell it is suffering from old age and is about to give up the ghost.  When these machines became available on Vine I jumped at the chance.The price here is quite reasonable for what you are getting.  These are not industrial type sharpeners.  They are for light office use and I do not recommend them for use in places such as schools.  There are reasons for this.  First, they are noisy; unbelievable noisy as a matter of fact.  Having a bunch of kids destroying perfectly good pencils for seven or eight hours could quite well drive you to distraction...to say the least.  Secondly, these sharpeners are designed to do the work for you.  By that I mean you are suppose to gently but firmly place the pencil in the sharpener and let it work for you.  Kids do not like to do this.  They will invariably cram the pencil in as hard as their little hands will allow and see how much pencil they can eat up before you tell them to stop.  That is just the way kids are...always have been, always will be.  If you put too much force on the pencil you will find that the point comes out quite lop-sided with wood going all the way to the tip.Now that being said, when I first opened this sharpener I immediately sharpened 24 pencils that I had in my desk.  This sharpener is extremely fast and delivers a very, very sharp point.  The down side here is that the exposed wood on the tip is a bit rougher than I like.  I suppose the single blade versus the double grinders found on hand sharpeners makes the difference.  This is a minor problem though and is more a personal thing than anything else.I like the fact that this sharpener is electric rather than battery.  Sharpeners eat up batteries at about the same rate they eat up pencils.I liked the rather long cord; it was much longer than my old model had which had created some problems in the past.  I also like the sleek look of this thing.  I also like the fact that it is heavy enough that you do not have to bolt it down somewhere.  I liked the fact that this machine did not break ever other point as it sharpened.Now I do a lot of drawing and sharpen most of my drawing pencils by had using a knife.  This is particularly true of my colored pencils.  I am old, it was the way I was trained and I have no intention of changing.  It should be noted though that if you use this machine or any other electric pencil sharpener, that you may have a problem with some of the wax based leads in some of the colored pencils...they can cause clogging.  That is the nature of most sharpeners.The reason I am giving this one four stars rather than five is due to the noise level and the fact that every so often you find that you get a lop-sided tip...this was probably my fault, but I feel the machine should have been engineered to cover up my stupidity and ineptness.Nice sharpener for the money.  Hope it lasts as long as the last one.Don BlankenshipThe Ozarkswhen we go places i like to use pencils for jotting down things...while staying with our son's family in a rental condo found we needed a pencil sharpener...this one works like a champ...I can sharpen a pencil within 3 - 7 seconds, and get it nice and pointy, without a wooden foreskin happening. You know what I'm talking about. You sharpen with certain sharpeners, and there's this long wooden piece that flaps over the lead, and makes it impossible to write with. The X-acto sharpener makes a nice, neat point that's easy to write with. I sharpened (in a row) a whole box of pencils, with no problems.Only reason I'm not rating this a full 5 stars is because the thing is /noisy/. And I mean really noisy. It also shakes a lot. Even though I'm compelled to hold it down with my hands, it's not necessary. However, because of how much it vibrates and shakes and noise-makes, I make sure to hold it down with my hands anyway.Had an old one for about 25 years that finally died, Hope it is as good.  Ask me in 25 years...I had a Boston Sharpener that looked just like this one.  I had had it for 20 years and it worked really well.  Finally it gave out and I got this one which looked to be pretty much the same thing... I think Xacto even bought out Boston.It isn't the same but like everything now a days quality is in decline.  I think I'd have had to pay $50 or $100 for the same quality unit as I had had before... and I just didn't have that kind of money to spend on a pencil sharpener that I may or may not like if you know what I mean.The motor just does not feel as powerful.  It takes longer to sharpen a pencil.  It says it has an auto shut off and it does but it is not as easy to tell with this model as it was with my other one... it's a very subtle sound and feel on this one.  This one gets hot faster than my other one so I can only sharpen 7 pencils before I feel that I need to stop and let it "rest" before it overheats and stops running.I also note that the pencils don't seem to get sharpened all the way on one side, you have to twist them half way through a sharpen to make sure all sides get sharpened to a point if that makes sense.So while I am disappointed with the quality I think this is the best you are going to do for the price.  If you want better quality you will probably have to pay extra for it.This is a fine sharpener for occaisonal office or home use. I am a teacher and this would not last long in the classroom - too light, not enough power. It is fairly loud and does not always "sense" when to stop so I have to guess - and if I am not paying attention I might sharpen away an inch or two of pencil; which is really annoying when it is a nice drawing pencil.(For the classroom the only model that I have found holds up is theBoston elec school pro sharpnr.)Also, while it works fine, this X-Acto model can only sharpen one size pencil. The base has padded feet but the feet do not have suction cups, so if you are not careful you may push it off your desk if you are an eager and avid sharpener of pencils. If you only ever need to sharpen a standard size pencil, and you will not be using it in a classroom, there is no need to spend money on a more expensive model.We've purchased a few electric sharpeners over the past decade.  Quality ranged from an expensive professional model (which started out in our office and then into our home until it mysteriously "disappeared" one day, to consumer models ranging from cheap to expensive.  Our last was a Wescott ipoint which was awful.  So far, this sharpener seems solid enough by comparison.  It sharpens pencils very sharp and the wood tapers pretty well.  No loose lead filling or other issues.  It may occasionally sharpen uneven if I insert a pencil at too hard an angle (up or down), however, if I use any care at all when sharpening, the results are perfect.  My children sharpen several pencils daily on it and they love it so far.The motor obviously isn't industrial strength like my MIA sharpener or other sharpeners that you usually find at work or in schools, but it is still very capable.  In fact, it will devour a pencil (or most of it) if you're not careful and push too hard for too long. A good buy for home use.  Hopefully, it will last longer than the last few electric sharpeners we've had, all of which had an average lifespan of roughly six months.  With my busy household, we'll find out soon enough.The reviews of I've read of modern electric pencil sharpeners suggest that they aren't up to the standards of my parents' old Panasonic, so I'm relieved that, so far, this X-Acto sharpener seems to be doing very well at its job.  It's getting pencils extremely sharp.  Our main complaint so far is that the drawer for pencil shavings sticks pretty badly, which could conceivably lead to incidents with shavings going everywhere.  Other than that, no problems yet!The thing that saved my classroom from shavings and other than the kids &#34;breaking&#34; the sharpener (it was overfilled) -- it worked extremely well. I've only had two instances where it truly broke - lead jammed -- but easily fixable.I have used a Hunt Boston pencil sharpener for years.  The Hunt Boston sharpener is relatively quiet and efficient.  I think we have used it for at least five years or more.  I am also a huge fan of X-Acto knives.  I have a bunch of X-Acto knives along with dozens of blades.  X-Acto brand knives and blades are great for woodworking, building plastic models, and other hobbies.  Thus, I was excited to try a pencil sharpener from X-Acto.The pencil sharpener looks like a high quality product.  It feels solid and sturdy and rests firmly and flatly on my workbench.  I was initially impressed and almost ready to sharpen pencils.  Before I did, I removed the tray that holds the wood shavings.  The tray seemed a little cheap, but hey, it is a plastic tray to hold trash, so how fancy does it need to be?  The problem came when I tried to put the tray back into the pencil sharpener.  The tray would not go back into its slot.Surely, I was doing something wrong.  I took the tray back out to make sure I had not missed some sort of adjustment that needed set to get the tray back into the sharpener.  After all, I am a typical guy and I only read the instructions after figuring out how something works, if ever.  However, I had not missed anything.  The problem is that a plastic prong on the back of the tray, which I think engages a safety switch that enables to sharpener to work only when the tray is in place, did not properly mate with the hole.  It takes some jiggling of the tray to get it in place each time I remove it.  The inability to easily mate with the pencil sharpener subtracts one and a half stars.After finally getting the tray back into the pencil sharpener, I was ready to sharpen a pencil or a bunch of them since I seem to accumulate dull pencils on my workbench, where I do not have a pencil sharpener.  Into the sharpener went a pencil.  The good news is that the sharpener did quickly put a nice point on the end of my pencil.  The bad news is that I thought the sharpener was broken.  The sharpener makes a horrible grinding noise every time I sharpen a pencil.  In contrast, my Hunt Boston sharpener makes a humming noise when the motor operates.  The X-Acto sharpener seems to be working well; it is just relatively noisy compared with my current Hunt Boston, and a former electric sharpener that the Hunt Boston replaced.  The noise is also obnoxious and sounds like something is operating in a way it should not be operating.  I subtract a second star and a half for excessive and unnecessary noise, which may be an indication of something that may break in the long term.I must to admit to some disappointment.  X-Acto is a brand I associate with high quality.  The shaving tray is hard to install and the motor sounds like grinding gears.  It is possible that my pencil sharpener is defective.  However, I would have thought that routine acceptance testing would catch a defective product prior to shipment.  That leads me to believe that X-Acto considers this product typical production.  If that is the case, I have to recommend against purchasing this product.I looked at the ratings on Amazon for this product and, unsurprisingly, learned that this product has many one and two star ratings.  The one and two star ratings tell a story.  Many of the ratings are because the sharpener failed to sharpen either well or at all.  Many of these ratings are because the sharpener failed immediately or within days, weeks or months of purchase.  What I wonder is whether someone thought it might be a good idea to involve Amazon Vine reviewers in the hope that Vine reviewers might be more favorable.  If that was the thought, the thought was in vain because I am only slightly more impressed than previous reviewers are.I hoped the X-Acto name was an indication of the quality of this product.  It is not.  I am disappointed with the shavings tray and with the noise level and the type of noise.  This product does not seem to me like it is going to be durable and without changes, I would not buy this product again.  Because I would not purchase this product for quality and performance reasons, it automatically receives two stars.Good Luck!This pencil sharpener by X-Acto definitely sharpens pencils well;  and I like that! The power cord is relatively long which makes it easy to place it just about wherever on your desk you want it.However, it is a bit louder than I would have liked it to be. Therefore, this wouldn't be the best choice in quiet environments like libraries or school study halls. I also agree with other reviewers who note that the drawer that collects the shavings is somewhat tricky to re-insert after you've cleaned it out; you really have to line the drawer up just so in order for it to fit back in and I would have liked an easier time with this.Overall, it's not that this pencil sharpener is actually bad; the machine does do its job and the power cord is fairly long. However, it's just not quite what I wanted. If you really want a fine pencil sharpener, keep looking and be prepared for the possibility that you may have to pay a little bit more for the pencil sharpener you want.Being an Art teacher in the public school system, I have gone through a LOT of electric sharpeners, many of them X-Acto brand sharpeners.  When I got the chance to get my hands on this specific model, I thought it was the perfect opportunity to put a baseline electric sharpener through its paces, and I have to say that this one actually gives my heavy duty, designed-for-the-classroom X-Acto sharpener a run for its money, and even beats it when it comes to sharpening certain difficult-to-sharpen pencils that I use.I put this model 1818 sharpener up against theX-Acto School Pro Heavy-Duty Electric Sharpener (1670), which I've used as a standard in my classroom over the past five years at least. The features that I DID miss from this particular model of sharpener, and have grown acclimated to in the School Pro, are the automatic shutoff (preventing waste and oversharpening of pencils) and the adjustable pencil diameter dial. But, where my School Pro fell short in comparison to this baseline X-Acto sharpener is in the most important area: sharpening the actual pencils.I don't know if it's that the model 1818 that I used in my test is just so brand-spanking new and the sharpener blade itself hasn't endured any wear and tear yet, but with the one item that I have the most difficulty sharpening in my classroom - a particular type of watercolor pencil - the model 1818 sharpened every single pencil beautifully, and only overheated and shut off after subjecting it to the sharpening of easily 200 pencils, one after the other.With my X-Acto School Pro sharpener, it does nothing but sharpen theCrayola 24ct Watercolor Colored Pencilsonly about halfway before breaking the point. You can imagine how frustrating this is for an Art teacher for whom this is the one type of colored pencil that I keep stocked in my art room, especially in light of how pricey these can be in a 240 count classpack box (about sixty-five bucks a box, with a fixed annual art budget that floats around six hundred bucks a year, maybe a little more if I'm lucky, for use with 650 to 700 students). To my immense joy, however, this X-Acto model 1818 sharpener did a beautiful job on each and every single watercolor pencil that I used it to sharpen. Out of said 200 pencils sharpened, I had maybe five points break in total. The other pencils came out super sharp, and ready to go. The only places where this model 1818 fell short for me were in the lack of an adjustable diameter dial for different-sized pencils, and the lack of automatic shutoff when the pencil is fully sharpened (one clear reason for me not to allow my students to use this sharpener, especially my littler ones).So, long story short, I don't think that the at-home artist can possibly go wrong with this sharpener IF all of your pencils are standard diameter. Many proper art supplies will be, but items like a Conte' pencil or a Ticonderoga pencil will NOT fit in the opening on this sharpener. You'll also need to be cognizant of pulling the pencil out to check it (you can SORT of feel when the sharpener may not be working so hard to cut through wood casings any more, but you'll have to pay close attention to notice that). Outside of those two factors, right out of the box, this sharpener is more than able to handle just about anything you can throw at it, from softer-leaded pencils like Crayola's watercolor pencils (which are GREAT for the extra options they offer the average user, and why I keep those stocked and little else), right up to pencils at the standard number 2 hardness (a.k.a. HB hardness pencils for those of us in the art world), and undoubtedly beyond.As a side note on construction, the picture here makes it look as if the plate through which you'll insert your pencil is made of metal. With mine, that plate is plastic, as is the rest of the sharpener's casing, and once it gets overheated, like most sharpeners, it DOES get hot. But the heat is not so much that I believe it likely to melt the plastic motor housing, or any of the rest of the plastic that composes the body of the sharpener. It also took less than fifteen minutes for the sharpener to cool down enough to start sharpening again, but being that I had about fifty more pencils to sharpen, it wasn't cool enough to do all of them before shutting off again. Either way, for less than twenty five bucks, you really can't go wrong with this sharpener. It's a great one to have around the house, and it'll even do the trick in a standard classroom, with adult-controlled usage.This sharpener is good, not great, but probably right for the price. I sharpened a bunch of pencils in a row (we homeschool) and it ran smoothly about 90% of the time. There were a few clunky starts, nothing dramatic but not perfect. Also, and this is the reason for the lack of stars; the drawer is a bit of a pain.  When you sharpen, of course there are shavings in the small drawer which is accessible right on the front, below the hole. Well, when you go to put the drawer back in, it's a tiny bit of a struggle. There is a small plastic `tube' or offshoot in the back of the drawer and you have to line it up with a hole inside the machine. Because the drawer is a rather cheap plastic, as is the tube/offshoot, I had the feeling it would break if I let my kids use it. Decent length cord, about as noisy as any X-Acto electric sharpener.As a homeschooling family we've gone through our fair share of pencil sharpeners.  We've had all kinds including small hand held, battery operated and plug in style.  This one is by far the best!The pros: Sharpens evenly and quickly.  Even after sharpening 50+ pencils it showed no sigh of overheating.Cons: It's too loud to use while the baby is sleeping.If you don't have to worry about this being used while a baby is napping, this is the sharpener for you!  I bought ours from the Amazon Warehouse and have not been disappointed one bit.  It's a 5 star product!I ordered this to replace an older model from a different brand (a generic Chinese model, purchased at a local store) that's a lot like this one.  The problem with that one is that (at least now) it tends to shave things to one side unless you hold the pencil just right and sometimes when you do that it breaks the tip.  Like this one, it had a single roller cutter, and as another reviewer mentioned, sometimes they seem to work just right and sometimes they don't.  So far this one works just fine, and I've had no problems with it, but I'll update if things change after a few more month's of use.  It's a no-frills, no extras, basic electronic sharpener with a single roller cutter inside, a relatively quiet motor, and a tray for the wood shavings left behind.  Every time I've used it it gets the tip quite sharp, just like I want it.  It's got a bit of heft to it, unlike my older one which was fairly lightweight, and that means I can put a pencil in and hold it there with one hand while it sharpens, whereas with my older model I had to hold the pencil in one hand and hold the sharpener in the other.  I wouldn't recommend this for the classroom as it's not extremely fast, but it's fast enough and just right for home use especially if you have school aged children who are expected to bring sharpened pencils to class every day.I wasn't expecting much when I got this, due to a multitude of bad reviews but it turned out to be pretty damn good. Perhaps X-Acto has started churning out a newer version or fixed defects earlier reviewers had with this sharpener. I think this because the sharpener i have and the picture Amazon has is different; as mine is all black. Anyways, here's my thoughts on the performance:Pros:-Sharpens pencils quickly(~5sec from new pencil to fully sharpened)-Doesn't break the lead, even with cheap pencils-Has a nice long outlet cord to connect to the outlet.-Has a connector at the bottom to prevent sliding which isn't necessary really as its pretty heavy.-Looks pretty nice and high quality.Cons:-Occasionally, some pencils got sharpened so that one side was still slightly covered with the pencils wood. This doesnt happenoften but it its common enough that I took away a star.-Waste bin is somewhat tough to get out.If your trying to decide between electric or battery, I suggest an electric sharpener. I had a battery operated one, that not only ate batteries constantly ; it couldn't even sharpen pencils properly and continually broke the lead.To conclude, i think this electric sharpener is quite a good deal at 20$. If you're looking for a cheap sharpener that can get the job done, i would recommend this.I had been using a small hand-twist pencil sharpener for a long time -- I don't know why because I do pencil art and constantly hand-sharpening pencils certainly slowed my progress. Now all I do is stick the pencil in the hole and it's instantly super-sharp. It works equally well on colored pencils, 2B pencils, 4F pencils, and all the others.I couldn't do without it and I highly recommend it.After a lot of looking and contemplating how much I wanted to invest in a pencil sharpener as a gift for a teacher, I settled on this one. It seemed to have the best reviews and offered the best value for features/rating/price.I can only rate it from my experience and since it was a gift, I wouldn't rate it higher unless I heard back.Plugged it in, sharpened pencils well as you would expect.I have not figured out the "over sharpening prevention" feature. I was able to grind down a new pencil to half its size with no problem.Noticed that with "ridged" pencils (as opposed to round) sometimes catch on the sides of the hole when sharpening, as if the hole were a tiny bit too small.  Maybe that's a feature that prevents the pencil from turning while sharpening.Otherwise- it's a good solid electric sharpener.Works well. Use it in my office. Does a good job on sharping pencils. Like the size, not balky, doesn't take up much space.X-Acto Electric Pencil Sharpener (1818)is a nice, sturdy, powerful pencil sharpener for both household and office use. It brings average sized pencils to a nice sharp point. This sharpener even works well on the cheap decorated pencils that often shred in other sharpeners. Works well on colored pencils as well.Because it is electric, the power and strength of the sharpener is always consistent. I far prefer electric sharpeners over battery powered ones.If you are looking for a straight-forward sharpener, I think you will be very happy with this one.I bought this pencil sharpener based on its good reviews as a gift for my nephew.  He hasn't complained about it, (but then, sullen teens usually have a lot more to complain about than pencil sharpeners,) so I guess it's OK.I have been searching for a pencil sharpener that could keep up with my girls for some time. I knew I wanted one that was electric as opposed to battery operated. The last sharpener we had ran on batteries and I felt like we were constantly changing them. I also wanted one that had very sharp blades - where it wouldn't take forever to sharpen a single pencil. The X-Acto Sharpener has more than met our needs. I have three little girls that love to write and like to sharpen their pencils and colored pencils. This machines has gotten a workout since it came through the door and has kept up great. Even when the 4 year old stuck the eraser end of the pencil in the sharpener it was sturdy enough to handle it and keep right on trucking once we got the pencil in the right direction. A great sharpener that is more than able to keep up with our needs and won't run out of batteries.This sharpener is powerful and smooth, creating a very sharp, well-centered point.  It also leaves a smoother wood finish than my other pencil sharpeners.  It can sharpen a brand new pencil in less than 5 seconds!  In the few cases that the pencil tip is off-center (with too much wood on one side), I just stuck the pencil back in, twisted it a little, and it came out fine.It plugs in (as opposed to batteries) and mine had a 4'8" cord with a 2-prong plug.  It takes standard diameter pencils only, and isn't recommended for "crayons, chalk, or soft waxy pencils as they will clog your sharpener's cutters."  However, you can get at the blades through the waste receptacle opening if you need to clean them.The waste receptacle is plastic with a bar sticking out the back that triggers a switch inside the sharpener so it will only turn on with the receptacle in place.  The receptacle is a complete bowl (unlike my other electric sharpener) so the shavings won't spill when you pull it out.  These shavings are by far the finest of my several sharpeners - a fine dust that can electrostatically cling to the plastic receptacle (and innards of the sharpener)!The warranty is 2 years on the "cutter parts", 90 days one everything else (such as the plastic waste receptacle).This will replace my battery-operatedStaples Battery Operated Pencil Sharpenerwhich took 4 AA batteries and had barely enough power to sharpen and stalled frequently.I also have a manualX-Acto Model KS Table- or Wall-Mount Pencil Sharpener (1031), which can handle various pencil diameters, and which I recommend if you don't want a powered model.I decided to get this because I was sick of the traditional &#34;alligator&#34; staple removers. I'm glad I did! This is so much better! It's easier to use, and even has a magnet to catch the staples that you remove, so they don't fall on the floor and get stepped on.at first, i thought this thing is not working. that was because i did not slide the staple far enough. when i did, it lifted the staple in an easy and clean manner. perfect little toolI got tired of using the old style staple remover when my last unit broke. I purchased several different products and found I liked this one the best. It's very fast, comfortable to hold, and I stay in control of the old staples so they don't get into trouble. It was also the least expensive of all the units I tested. Best product, lowest price - a simple decision.The claw...that is what I call the old school staple remover. With its twin set of two &#34;teeth&#34; it ravaged my paperwork while it tried to chew into the staple to remove it. Half the time it worked, half the time I curse it to float to the bottom of the river Hades and remove staples from some poor doomed soul.This Magnetic Staple remover works like a shovel, you slide the tip under the staple..push it out and voila. Seamless removal. It has a magnet on it, so any stray staples....bam bam bam...sticks too it and right into the trash they go. I know....its amazing. My only isue is that the staples as you take them out, build up in the &#34;reserve&#34; and sometimes they dont come out too easy.I know, like the first time I saw a Rubik's cube, I just sat and stared at this thing for about five minutes to figure out how it works. At first, I thought I received the wrong shipment: I thought this was some sort of unpopular female grooming device. I called Amazon customer support and a really smart agent, Hareesh, told me how to use it. Many thanks, Hareesh from New Delhi.It works by gripping the staple with those jaw-like teeth, then this device gently plucks staples out of paper. Already used staples loosen their pincer grip on the paper, and fall out like thin metal whiskers from a giant robot or something. The staples, alas, cannot be re-used. A suggestion for a future version of this device would be to somehow crimp the staple when it's being withdrawn from the paper to be re-used in some fashion. That would make the device more ecologically friendly. I took a star off my rating because if even I, who has been using this now for about three minutes, can think of ways to make it better, then something is definitely wrong in Who-ville. Plus the fact that it only comes in one color, black. I think a rainbow of colors would be reasonable and would make this a focal point of the desktop. For instance, I would have chosen fuschia, if it was a choice.All in all, though, it gets the job done. It takes staples out of paper. I wish it had a letter opener and maybe a Scotch tape dispenser build in...or better yet, a stapler! The pulled out staples could somehow go back into the stapler and be reused on the spot, you know, like when you put the staple in at a funny angle and you wish you could re-do it. Well, you could, if my idea works. If the manufacturer wants to take my ideas and run with them, that's fine, I don't need any money. You can just name it after me.I work with medical charts and remove countless staples at work each day. These are the best staple removers I've found, my co-workers and I would fight over the one we had because it's the only one that got the job done. Durabl e and effective.I use this everyday at work! The perfect tool to remove staples without having to worry about that darn claw stapler remover.  I put this near my pens so it's easy to reach and grab.  I've been known at the cool person at work with all the fancy products!  Would definitely recommend to a friend!I am used to the clamp-type of staple removers so really didn't know what to expect when I ordered this.  Boy-o-boy, this is such a dream to use.  Just slide it under the staple and move it up on each side.  The staple comes off and stays on the magnet so you don't have to try to find the darn things.  I'm very pleased with these and will be ordering some for gifts.As an elementary teacher, I am forever in the process of stapling things to walls--which of course later leads to the necessity of removing those staples. So I figured it was about time to stop using everything else under the sun to pull those staples from the wall and buy an actual staple remover that would work for walls.I went with this one seeing it had good reviews.  However, I had to wonder why in the world this thing was magnetic.  Did it handily stick to my board or something?  What real perk was that?  No, the magnet just makes it that much easier to remove a staple. Trust me, it works wonders I never thought possible.I also like the handle. It looks nice and feels nice in the hand.Great staple remover at a great price.It removes staples by getting under the staple, and the megnetized part may (or may not) catch one when you flip it up. Although it supposedly leaves the paper intact, that's not always the case. It's comfortable, but truth be told the old claw remover is more efficient.Simple to use, definitely easier than the the ones that you squeeze.  If used carefully, doesn't tear the paper.  Very good product.Love it. Works very well in taking out staples from my classroom walls without taking paint off too (if I am careful).This staple remover does what it's supposed to do best: it quickly and easily removes staples. The handle fits comfortably in your hand and the magnetic end holds a good number of staples while preventing staples from littering the ground. Be careful when loaning this out; I've had co-workers &#34;accidentally&#34; forget to return it after commenting over how much they liked it.I wish I had known this product existed earlier.  I have had the pleasure (or not) of having to remove staples from bulletin boards displays for a few years at work.  I have used a standard staple remover, fingernails, scissors, etc. and nothing ever worked very well.After using this staple remover, I can't believe how well it works.  It removes staples easily and does not damage the item you are removing staples from.  It is a huge time saver because staples just pop right out.  Perhaps the best part is that it is magnetic so the staples hang onto the remover so you can remove staple after staple quickly without pausing to make sure each staple is picked up.This staple remover has almost all five star reviews because it is simply the best. The contour handle is easy to grip, and the magnet on the underside is very handy when removing staples near a copier or scanner (we all know how a loose staple can really mess things up). But where this really shines in my office is removing large heavy duty staples. Lots of staple removers can remove a small staple binding a couple of pages. But only this staple remover can undo an inch thick document with one of those monster staples without destroying the pages.Once you try this, you'll never go back to a conventional staple remover. This is one of those very simple tools that simply works great at performing a function that arises every day in a busy office. I also keep one at home because it is much simpler and more effective than other staple removers even for a simple job. I recommend this.Works great for gently removing standard staples from paper, magazines, or bulletin boards (much better than the "claw" style), BUT... the thin metal and plastic are WAY TOO FLIMSY to use for removing those heavy-duty paper staples (the kind used for 25+ sheets), or staples from wood/upholstery, or those big copper-color box staples.It may be obvious, but to use the stapler you simply push it forward under the staple and the staple wire is gently pulled out of the holes (the INCORRECT way to use it is to stick it under the staple and try to pry it up, which can make a mess of your paper just like the old "claw" style).If only two pages are stapled together, I find that this tool causes some tearing of the paper before the staple is removed. However, it works fantastically well when three or more pages are stapled together.I bought two of these - one for use at work and one for use at home. On both of them, the magnet is too weak to have any perceptible effect. The staple slides off the tool, and I must pick it up from my desktop several inches from where the staple was removed. I would prefer a magnet strong enough to hold the staple conveniently on the tool after the staple is removed. I suspect that may have been the intent of the designer, but on the two units that I bought, it doesn't work.ADDENDUM:The magnet is handy for picking up the staples after they have been removed. The staples do not stick to the staple remover during the removal process, but you can hold the bottom of the staple remover against the removed staples on your desktop, and it picks them up, so you can then more easily remove those staples from the bottom of the staple remover - it's just easier than picking the staples up from the desktop using your fingers. This is not the purpose that I expected, but in practice it is helpful. I remain very enthusiastic about using the staple remover when three or more pages are stapled together - something I do frequently.I've tried lots of staple removers that ultimately broke or even hurt my hand to use.  Not this!  It's very comfortable/easy to use and quickly removes staples.  A nice desk accessory.Good but not perfect.  From my experience this staple remover is great if you have to remove staples from stacks of paper, but tends to tear the staple right through the page if only a few.  Other than that, it works as advertised.  It&#8217;s fast and easy.  Overall a good product.T.S. CharlesAuthor of young adult book, &#34;Consumed.&#34; Available on Amazon.This handheld office stapler is not really made strong enough for day to day wear and tear. Although compact and light, it doesn't hold enough staplers and one will eventually lose production time on changing them so often. Can staple only about 20 pages and other than that, the staples bend. Best use for at home projects like divorce papers and DUI reports.This handheld office stapler is not really made strong enough for day to day wear and tear. Although compact and light, it doesn't hold enough staplers and one will eventually lose production time on changing them so often. Can staple only about 20 pages and other than that, the staples bend. Best use for at home projects like divorce papers and DUI reports.The "Stanley Bostitch Standard Booklet Stapler" is a very solid (read heavy) saddle stapler that makes binding pamphlets and booklets a breeze!This stapler is very well made and is mostly metal. No worries about this stapler shifting when being used since the rubber feet and weight ensure that this will not be likely to budge.We have not had any jamming problems or failures of any type.Highly recommended! For those looking for a very light use stapler for pamphlets and booklets, considerSPR01316 - Long Reach Stapler, 20 Sht Cap, Standard Staples,Putty/Black.We bought this one over the more expensive competitor based on the reviews here. We were not disappointed: This stapler easily binds our booklets which have 10 sheets (20 pages) plus a heavy cover. 100% satisfaction, five stars.Now, for staples. We had a box of cheap staples hanging around. These don't penetrate the paper very well. Name brand staples with nice sharp points work fine. If the staple doesn't drive cleanly and easily through 10+ sheets, try another brand. Please note, purchase only .25inch staples for this stapler, it doesn't handle longer staples.Purchased this for the office to bind (staple) together small pamphlets and leaflets.  Works great, easy to use and I'm not sure why other buyers are having issues with staples.  I fortunately did not have that issue.  Fast delivery and product so far has lived up to its promises.These work great for 10 - 15 4X6 photo prints. They don't scratch the glossy front and they are large enough to slide in a piece of thin cardboard on the front and back of the photos for mailing.The logo printed on the back, on the seam that T.M.Reader mentions is like the code seal on a cardboard box; who notices it? The lighter these are the better; they still ship USPS first class for .45 with four sheets of 20 lb. paper.Here is the secret, and the reason that these are on sale: USPS will accept these if the clasp is removed. They might occasionally accept one for .45 without the clasp being removed, but not dozens again and again.A great price, for quality (and quantity) envelopes.  The paper is thick enough that you don't feel that these are cheep, and they are made well, appear to hold together well, the clasp is nice.  The envelope seals by wetting the glue (it's not pressure stick glue)Good, decent weight envelopes, I use these for shipping smaller flat items. I always tape over the seams and cover flap with packing tape just for safety, never had one fail. I would buy these again.They were as expected.Seems like that's how it is nowadays.  I should have known that any product marketed with the word "quality" in the title . . . would exhibit problems with quality.These 6x9 brown kraft clasp envelopes are ok.  But just ok.  I tried these out as a variation from the brand I usually use, as the Quality Park were just slightly cheaper.Compared to my usual brand (I won't mention the name here), the "lick 'em" adhesive glue performs about the same, which is marginally acceptable - I usually have to back it up with packaging tape.  This is true for both the Quality Park and my usual brand.These Quality Park envelopes also grab some free advertising by posting their name on each envelope (it's small and I don't mind much, but I tire of seeing a logo on EVERYTHING anymore).My main beef is the seam which runs up the back, and this is a flaw worth remarking on.  The seam is not glued flat and presents a lip which can snag and cause a tear open.  The seam lip was consistently there on all 100 envelopes in the box.  It's not a problem with my "other brand", which I am returning to.I first used one of these some 20 years ago, and was immediately struck by how handy they are. This one is nice and sturdy and in addition to letters, has tabs for days of the week. Makes filing and staying organized SO much easier.Love this extra large divider. It has both alpha and numeric tabs for multiple tasking and holds more pages than the smaller ones do. I recommend this item to anyone who handles a great deal of paperwork for filing.I already had a sorter and wanted to have another one to keep at home.  I use sorters to sort my students' work for portfolios or to be sent home.  I do this by assigning each student a number and use the numbering system on the sorter.This sorter can hold A LOT of papers and still go back to its original shape.  HUNDREDS of papers.  Not only that, you can fill each individual section with (at least) 40 papers and it isn't over-stuffed.A great addition to any office OR classroom.I searched and searched all over for this. When i worked in a office in the 70's we used this thing to sort the mail. before we used a box to sort the mail. but with this you can quickly sort items like mail in alpha order. you can even sort by numbers. this is one product that has come out of the 30's and is still a great product 70 years latter. man has not made a cheaper, easier, and more efficient, then this item.This are absolutely indispensable if you do any filing. I have literally bought them for workplaces that didn't have them, they are so handy. Makes alphabetizing a breeze!After several months I can honestly say I LOVE this.  Quite sturdy, rolls easily and I sort of kick it around everywhere in the hosue.I have been kicking these stools around in libraries since the weekend after the flood, and they always did exactly what they were intended to be, an easily moved (kicked, actually) step up, which automatically settles firmly into place when you step on a lower step. I had a brief reservation when I saw a few negative reviews which said these were not as good as they used to be.Well, I tell you, from one bookworm to another, these are, or seem in every respect, to be as good as those ones I kicked around in whatever library I happen to be near. They even work reasonably well on a short pile rug. Assembly is so easy, it almost seems a shame to call it that. It's about as easy as fitting two Lego bricks together, and that's it.We've been using this stool in our law office for almost a year. It comes flat packed but assembles VERY easily with no tools. It rolls nicely and is secure when you stand on it. After a year of being kicked around (literally), it still looks good. A useful little stool and the price on Amazon is a good one.Most people have seen these somewhere at some point in their lives; they have been around forever.  There is a reason that they have stood the test of time: they work!  It glides along the floor as your foot guides it to the spot you would like to use and then, when you stand on it, it remains firmly in place.  It's slightly higher than a typical step stool, but not as high as a step ladder.  I use it in my office to reach high bookshelves and in my pantry to get to the top cupboards.  I love that it is so easy to move.  It also makes a comfortable stool in a pinch.  The Silvertone looks good (it's not as shiny as stainless -- more like a cross between grey and stainless) and is neutral enough to match just about any room it needs to be in.We have tons of these at work, the old &#34;made in the USA&#34; versions. Bought this as a gift for my mom, it's really nice, not quite as sturdy as they used to be just disappointing that this old company has moved production overseas. Outside that it works well, looks nice and pretty fair pricing.If you have wood or vinyl floors, and you find yourself trying to get about a foot higher to reach something, this stool is excellent.  The stool is heavy duty, so most men will be able to step up on it carrying a heavy load.  The finish is polished steel, which looks excellent with a minimun amount of cleaning.  There is a good amount of rubber to keep the stool from damaging walls, doors, or furniture if it should be pushed into one of them by accident.  The stool has spring-loaded rollers that permit easy movement of the stool from place to place.  The rollers retract as you apply weight to the stool so that the stool remains in place.  The stool give you 14 inches of height, which is good for many household, workshop, office, or library needs.  Even some large pantries or closets could use one of these stools.  The steps have slip resistant rubber on them.This step stool is my preferred variety because of its sturdiness and quality.  If you keep the stool clean it will maintain its appearance for years.  It is easy to use, move and store.  The general design of this product has remained stable for years, but sometimes a product works so well that it seems there is little that can be done to make it better.  This product is those nearly perfect products.This is an amazing little step stool!  I have hard wood floors throughout my Condo, and I also have a lot of Chrome Wire Shelving for food storage.  This little gem allows me to reach the top shelf with ease.  Here is the rest of my review ...1) Quality:  I don't think there is a better quality step stool on the market.  My dad had one of this at his store when I was growing up, and the same unit is still there 50 years later!2) Assembly:  The unit comes in two pieces.  Just snap the two together for a permanent fit.  No tools required!3) Look and Feel:  The unit is very nice and rolls around with the tap of my foot, then easily becomes stationary when I step on the stool.The only complaint I would have is that there is a warning sticker on the unit that is not easily removed.  Still 5 stars though.I have this step stool except I got the solid black one and it is one of the best things I have bought for my kitchen. I am short and had trouble reaching into high spaces. This stool is super tough and when you step on first step it locks to the floor becoming skid proof. You then feel safe to step up and reach for anything in cabinets.I highly reccomend it.These used to have a bigger standing surface and were easier to use. It does stay put, but more top surface would be great.Very well constructed, easy assembly, no tools required.  All that is quite good - BUT one big big problem - this is for our library and we now have a new carpet - this one does not roll well on the very low carpet - I have an older one of these made by the same company and there is no such problem with that one.This stool was purchased after looking at literally dozens of step and rolling stools. When I found out it was like the old-fashing rolling step stools my parents had, I was hooked. My only concern was quality. I have to say, it is terrific! The materials seem to be very similar to what I remember from growing up. The only thing that would have been better is a &#34;Made in USA&#34; stamp, but those days are probably over. Still, it was a reasonable price, and we use it daily to reach items stored on high shelves. Excellent product!The Henkel Duck "EZ Start" carton sealing tape with dispenser is really as advertised "Frustration Free". The plastic hand dispenser is nothing new, however, the serrated cutter blade is better than most I have used.. The stuff unrolls easily and sticks to boxes I just sealed without incident. Not having used the tape long enough to confirm the adhesive is  resistant to reduce yellowing, aging, and dry-out. I like the product.Tape is tape - so I thought.  Hmm... "EZ start" and "Frustration Free".  "What are they talking about?" I thought.It became apparent upon first setting the tape onto the serrated dispenser blade.  It peeled off the roll with ease.  But it had a non-adhesive starter section at the end of the tape.  Would it still come off easily if I took it off the plastic dispenser tongue and put it back on the roll?  You know how it is with tape.  You have to use your fingernail to get it started and then it's a challenge to get it going without tearing it.  Sometimes the challenge is just getting a piece loose with your fingernail.Well, it takes a couple of ticks with the old fingernail, but it comes right off and peels off easily.  That's what they were talking about!  No gimmick.  Just a new twist on an old product.This is great tape in a handy dispenser.  I like the way it comes off the roll and sticks where you want it to stick.  Some tapes are a problem with the end sticking back down on the roll and then being a real pain to find and start again.  This is not a huge roll of tape, but very handy to have around the house.When it comes to sealing up boxes for packing or shipping, I absolutely swear by this brand. The tape is thick, sticky and very sturdy, and the dispenser is easy to use. When it comes to packing up boxes for moving especially, this is the cream of the crop. I've never had even the heaviest boxes fall apart when using this tape.This tape is great because you can always find the end and don't go crazy trying to unstick it from itself.  And yet it sticks very well to your package.  I like it a lot better than 3M tape and I usually find 3M products are excellent.I used this tape a lot for packing boxes, and for that purpose it worked really well, but with non cardboard items (or where the tape might have to stick to itself) it didn't do as well.PROS:EASE OF USE. when the end of the tape roll gets loose and sticks back to itself it is much easier to peel it back again for usage than other tapes.  (It can do this because the adhesive is not as strong, and the tape doesn't stick to itself as much as other tapes do.)DISPENSER.  It does come with a simple, but easy to use dispenser.  I have no complaints regarding its usage.NOISE.  Because the tape is less sticky, it is less noisy than other tapes.CONS:STICKINESS TO ITSELF.  Because it is not as sticky as other tapes you have to be careful when using that you don't touch the tape to itself, because the tape might eventually come off if someone starts pulling on the parts where the tape is touching the tape...  This means that you have to be careful when wrapping, because if you don't do it with this in mind you are wrapping less securely than you think.* Overall, I like this tape, and the benefit of the end of the tape NOT shredding when I attempt to peel it really makes it worthwhile.  Just be careful how you use it, and what you stick it on, and you should be fine.This tape is very easy to use and hassle free. It's pretty thick and sticks very well. I use it to seal packages and letters for shipping, and it works great. No complaints here.With some products it's pretty hard to distinguish one brand from another, and certainly that's true when it comes to tape. The differences are subtle. How sticky is it? Does the blade cut the tape without too much fussing about? Is the tape clear or blotchy? In this case, you're looking at one of the better brands, and for that you'll pay a little more, but yes, it's the right amount of stickiness, it cuts clean without having to fight the blade, and the tape has a consistent transparency. Good stuff.I like my normal tape gun just fine, but sometimes the tape threads incorrectly and it's a struggle to put things right as the tape sticks to itself and the gun. This dispenser is much easier to use since there's not much to it. It lays down tape easily and cuts easily. The tape roll is replaceable. I think I'll keep using this instead of the tape gun.Henkel EZ Start Carton Sealing Tape with Dispenser is a different type of packing tape with a design that makes it easier to use than other packing tape. The manufacturer makes this tape with a no frills, no frustration design that makes it easy to seal boxes and other like items.Henkel EZ Start Carton Sealing Tape with Dispenser is certainly different from other packing tape in several important ways. Among the differences, the one you will notice right away is the way the tape releases itself from the roll. It dispenses with almost no effort and no sound. Other packing tapes are more resistant and they come off the roll with a loud, almost painful ripping sound. There is no such problem with Henkel EZ Start Carton Sealing Tape with Dispenser. It comes off the roll with almost no effort at all.Another important difference with this tape is the tearing of the tape. The dispenser does have a nice, handy cutting bar, but the truth is, you don't necessarily need the tearing bar. The reason is due to the ease of tearing this tape. It is very easy to grab an edge, between the fingers, and tear off a piece of tape. Other tapes are tougher and are manufactured in such a way that a metal bar or scissors are necessary to cut the tape, but there is no such need with Henkel EZ Start Carton Sealing Tape.The above qualities certainly set this product apart from the rest, but this tape isn't without its flaws and the greatest among them is getting the tape started. As you grab an edge with your fingernail, the tape slowly lifts up, but if you lift it too quickly, it will start to tear vertically and this is due to the ease of tearing described above. When this happens, you then have to grab the other edge and lift it up, slowly, until the two sides meet. Getting it started takes effort and patience and because of this problem, consumers should always store this tape by having it stretched out over the cutting bar. If the tape is permitted to fall back in place, touching the roll, it will have to be started again, and this could lead to the same problem just described.One other potential problem with this tape is its overall strength. It has no problems when used to seal boxes, but because the tape is so easy to tear, it doesn't have the diverse abilities of other packing tape. With other, stronger tape, the tape is strong enough and the adhesive sticky enough that the tape can be used for a multitude of purposes. This tape can only be used for its intended purpose and little else.Henkel EZ Start Carton Sealing Tape with Dispenser is, overall, a good product and it does succeed at its main purpose, which is using it for packing and sealing boxes. Its performance is satisfactory when used in this manner, but its overall use is limited and there are other, similar tapes that work just as well and for a lower price.Compared to the Scotch clear packing tape that I usually use, this tape actually is a lot easier to start. It doesn't stick as much to itself. However, I thought the tape seemed more prone to wrinkle instead of lying flat when I used it. It worked fine for my purpose of bundling up recycling boxes. Seems like it would be fine for sealing mailing packages as well.Normally (I've said it in other reviews), my stance on tape is "if it's not Scotch, don't buy it."  While the dispenser on this tape is not as great as the scotch, the tape is actually on par.  It's both thick and sticky, two traits that I can never find both of at the same time in my tape (except the Scotch stuff).  If you're an avid shipper like I am, then I recommend this tape.This tape is very similar to other packing tape products I've used (3M, Scotch, etc.). There's nothing especially remarkable about the quality of this tape or its dispenser. It's good though.Two complaints:* The package labeling doesn't come off easily, so the surface where the tape is supposed to stick when you're not using it is covered in particles from the partially peeled label. So it doesn't stick to that surface very well at first--at least not until the label eventually comes off completely. Those particles reduce the effectiveness of the tape.* The green dispenser bugs me. I've used more brightly colored dispensers in the past (usually red), and they are much easier to find on a workbench or cluttered table. I get the feeling that they used green packaging to make the consumer feel like this product is more environmentally friendly than others. It's not. It's the same plastic consumer waste as any other disposable dispenser. I don't mind the disposable dispenser, but I'm bothered by the notion that "green is better".Anyway, the tape is good. It's very suitable for shipping or moving. I'd buy it again if the price is competitive compared to other leading brands.I mail a lot of packages throughout the year, and some brands of mailing tape are absolutely maddening because the end keeps sticking back down on the roll and it takes forever to pry it up again.  Not so with this product.  I was able to tape up my boxes easily with very little stress.There isn't a lot of tape on the roll, so if you are moving or shipping a vast amount of boxes, you might want to find something else.  But for your average householding shipping needs, it's fine.I don't usually like shipping tape in a dispenser... they always gum up and I lose the end, causing, well, frustration!  However, this dispenser indeed was EASY and the tape has stayed where it's supposed to, and - just as advertised - it is completely frustration free!  AND the tape works great!!!My only "complaint" is I ship a lot of things, and I'm afraid I might run out of tape before I'm ready. Otherwise, recommended product!There isn't much to say about packaging tape, except that this sticks tight, holds the box closed without fail, and dispenses easily without fuss.  Highly recommended!This is wonderful packing tape! No more picking at a tape  end and trying to get a full piece of tape started. This EZ Start Tape peels up easily and fully with minimal effort. It is also much easier to handle if you tear off a strip and then place it on the box. Finally, when you get ready to open the box, it is easy to split, or, if you use it on a shiny surface, easy to remove. A superior product.The Duck EZ Start tape is very convenient to use.  After years of using expensive, dangerous and ineffective tape guns, I recently began to use the simple plastic dispensers.  They waste less tape by being more precise at tearing, work just as well for home use and are safer--no more bloody hands!The tape itself is easy to find and start when stuck to itself on the roll.  Though it can split at the start, I figured out to how to start it up with negligible splitting.  It also seals boxes really well and meets all postal regulations for performance, which can be important if you ever need to make a damage claim on shipments.  In the past, I've made the mistake of buying cheap, generic office supply store tape.  The Duck EZ Start tape is good quality and rivals other quality brands.In the product details, the dispenser is described as disposable but don't throw it away!  You can buyDuck Brand 1289893 One Handed EZ Start Packaging Tape Refill Rollsat an amazing price.  Each refill roll is longer (55.5 yards vs. 22.2 yards) and costs less than this starter roll with dispenser!I loved this tape the first time I used it, but I've waited to write this review until I had used it enough to confirm my first impression.  Now, after shipping about a dozen boxes in recent months, the verdict is in: I love this tape!Unlike the tape I was using before, this tape is easy to work with. No more struggling to find the end of the tape and then struggling to get the entire width of the tape to pull up without tearing into jagged strips.  Finding the end is easy, and pulling it up intact is even easier.As other reviewers have commented, be sure that after you use it, the end of the tape is under the little claws designed to hold it in place.  If you don't, then the next time you need to use it, you'll have to go through the process of finding the end of the tape on the roll, but this is much, much easier than with other clear packing tape that I've used.In addition to tearing less easily than other tapes, it seems at least as strong, though I haven't compared strengths in any quantifiable way.The bottom line is that after using this for a few months, I'll never go back to standard clear packing tape. The time and frustration I save by using it more than justifies the cost.Having experienced frustration from a range of carton sealing tapes, what a pleasure to discover a tape/dispenser combo that combines effective tape with a no-fuss dispenser.It offers the utility of much larger units, yet is small enough to leave in a desk drawer. Because th tape comes off the roll virtually silently, you won't get evil glares from across the office if you use it at your work station.I haven't had it long enough to see whether the claims about non-yellowing hold up, but honestly I don't really care. It's easy to use, effective and efficient. Top marks!I am in the midst of moving right now - and that has been quite the challenge. While I typically buy Scotch packaging tape and like it - I am a little surprised that this is a better product with one caveat. It stinks! It smells like glue. However, it sticks well, tears easily (my 6 year old can do it) and strips much less than the Scotch tape does. It hasn't done that once, while it seems to be happening all the time with the Scotch tape. It also seems to get stuck to the roll less than the Scotch tape. I would love to buy it again except for one thing - no bulk packages like Scotch does makes it a little too pricy for me mid-move.Bottom Line: I will deal with the smell in order to have the adhesive that allows it to come off the roll easier. No tape splitting. No bulk package deals make it cost-prohibitive for a large move. For casual shipping - I would definitely buy and recommend.I was skeptical to say the least since I thought I needed a tape gun, a huge roll, etc... but the reviews were so good that I tried it, for $3.99 what did I have to loose.  It works so much better than the tape dispenser and gun I had, stores away easier and the tape is a really good quality tape.I'm very impressed, extremely impressed due to the size and price that it works so well.  This is why I rely so heavily on Amazon Reviews for so many purchases because they don't lie.  It's real people telling honest reviews about their experience and it's one of the main reasons I shop on Amazon.Hope this helps! ThanksThe tape worked well enough to seal packages for mailing--the roll started easily, unrolled easily, and cut easily on the dispenser. It does feel a bit on the thin side, but that didn't hamper its performance any of the times I used it. I like the small footprint, as it's super easy to fit in a junk drawer, but it also means the roll doesn't have a ton of tape on it.I just packed a box using this dispenser and it worked very well. Good quality on the tape and the dispenser rolled right along. Tear strip was sharp enough to do the job without a struggle. I'll keep this handy in my shipping area.As someone who has bought packing tape in the dollar store, I have one piece of advice:  Don't do that!It's always hard to find the end of cheap tape, and it's impossible to pull the entire width off the roll.  In sum, cheap tape is a good example of a purchase which is "penny wise and pound foolish", since so much goes to waste.This Henkel tape is easy to dispense and to use without waste.  Since I haven't put the sealed packages aside for study over time, I can't say if it will yellow/age less than the Scotch tape I use now, but I must observe that I have never noticed problems with name-brand tape in that area.I would therefore purchase this tape or Scotch mailing tape, whichever is cheaper (their 1000 inch rolls are slightly longer than this one).  But don't buy the dollar store stuff.I've used Duck tape many times over the years and am still very happy with it.  Cheap tape gets stuck to the roll and is often near impossible to get it started again; picking, tearing, splitting down the center.  Or it's often so flimsy, it folds onto itself and sticks to itself before I can use it; wasteful!  But this Duck tape is thick and strong, so it's easy to peel it up off the roll if the end slips off the holder. And since the tape is thick and strong, there's no need to waste tape by adding extra layers, like I have to do with cheapo brands. Good stuff!!Sometimes writing a review of tape seems a little silly.  What can you say?  It's clear, it's sticky, it comes on a roll?  Typically all those things can be said about a good number of tapes.  In the case of this EZstart Frustration Free packing tape, those three previously mentioned characteristics are certainly true.  The roll of packing tape comes with a dispenser for easy cutting.  To most consumers there's probably not a whole lot about this tape that's going to make it stand out in a crowd.Is there anything special about this packing tape?  Well, actually there are a few things that make this tape seem more desirable than the 3M packing tape I've been using for years.  It's quiet.  Yes, I said the tape is quiet.  When you pull this tape off the roll it doesn't make that rather loud sound [you know, the sound that wakes the sleeping baby just after you finally got her to sleep] that other packing tapes make.  It also peels off rather easily and I haven't had any issues with the tape tearing down the middle [an all too frequent problem I have with the 3M variety].  The tape's manufacturer also claims that the tape won't yellow over time.  I haven't had the tape long enough to see if that claim is true, but I also haven't had any issues with my usual brand of packing tape yellowing.In short, it's a decent packing tape.  If you're someone who would prefer a tape that dispenses quietly, this might be a good pick for you.As far as I can tell, the tape and dispenser are identical to Scotch packaging tape, which means it's a great product. The dispenser is easy to use, and the tape is thick and strong. I'm not sure what's "EZ Start" about it, but I like it.The tape dispenser is easy to use when sealing cartons. The tape seems strong enough and not thin and cheap. The problem I have with some of the cheaper tapes is they are so thin that they tear when you try to start it. This tape is good enough to repair torn paper or boxes and for pulling pet hair off of clothes too.I've always used Scotch brand tape since it's the only brand that my local brick and mortar stores seem to carry, but my last two rolls of it have been awful -- no stick at all.  I decided to try this brand, and am so glad I did.  It really is frustration-free, while also being durable and strong.  It holds packages together really well, and will be my new go-to brand for packaging tape.This is high-quality moving tape.  It sticks well to boxes, and it holds well.  It taped up my moving boxes sturdily, and they managed the duration of the move quite well.  The easy-start claims hold up to testing- it was very easy to start this roll every time I took it off the guides.  That said, anyone who's moved knows that you go through a lot of tape and boxes.  This is a laughably small roll of tape for a move.  I think I'd need 30-40 of these just for one move.  That's just not economical.  So, while this is high-quality tape, I would definitely only buy it in a much larger roll.Tape is thick, crystal clear and easy to use.  EZ start is true, and it doesn't get stuck to itself as badly as a cheaper thinner tape.  Good quality, however, the price is a bit high for such a small roll.I am involved in a school volunteer project that goes through a large amount of shipping tape.  This brand has worked well and being that it is more economical to purchase than other brands we will now order refills with Amazon's subscribe and save program.  I have used this brand for personal use as well and have been very pleased with its durability.I was skeptical to be sure, a silent packing tape?But, it is true.  If you need to pack up boxes while your loved ones are sleeping, this little role of tape will do the trick.It is not as convenient as one of those large packing tape dispensers that you see at the post office.It is also, not entirely sticky finger free.  You do have to thread the tape, and pull out an inch or two by hand to get it started.The five stars are simply because the tape roles like a dream with no quack squeak, "uh oh the baby is awake".I used this to seal up bins with winter clothing/accessories, and put them in the garage.  We had used duct tape last year, and within a couple of weeks, it had unsealed, and the bin lid popped off, allowing dirt into the bins.  This has held over the last month, and looks as if it will continue to hold.  The bins are the standard rubbermaid bin.  I will update this review towards the middle of the summer as temperatures heat up.One thing I would note is that the sticky residue doesn't seem to be as bad as with duct tape.This tape is very good for packing boxes - I used most of it to pack boxes that I used to ship items from eBay sales, etc.The tape was easy to rip, had a strong hold on the packages, and didn't get your hands all messy like some of the other tape on the market. Also, I've used tape that smells horrible - this one really has no odor.All in all, a solid packing tape.Not really like duct tape, this is THICK, clear, and sticky.Won't tear by hand, but it comes on a roll with a tear strip.If it MUST stay stuck, use this, it's just right.And it won't peel off of an old surface. (I tried)We sell stuff through Ebay, so I go through quite a bit of packing tape. Usually I'll get whatever is cheap, but the last batch was awful, I think a wet paper towel would have stuck better to the boxes! In search of a new brand without buying a 12-pack, I was happy when this EZ Start was offered on Vine.I was initially disappointed by the roll size, typical packing tape rolls are 40 - 60 yards long and the roll itself is 3 1/2" to 4" diameter with the inner core measuring 3" to fit the average tape gun. This is just 22 yards, and the inner roll is only 1 1/2" diameter so it looks very tiny.After one use, I am hooked! I don't know how they did it, but this tape is absolutely silent! No ripping sounds to scare the cats or wake the kids. Next I noticed I could tear off a strip and it wouldn't try and stick to itself because of static electricity.The tape itself is very easy to apply, sticks instantly and stays stuck.For folks who only ship occasionally, I absolutely recommend this tape above any other options out there. This compact roll design and built-in dispenser will easily fit in a drawer and the tape is so much easier to work with.This has 1/2 the tape of 3m/scotch available at sams club.  I mean VERY LITTLE tape actually exists on this dispenserThis packing tape is quiet, not making loud noises, it thick and sticks well and is easy to use: it's a good size, not for serious packaging, but for a handy size to keep in the car or a toolbox, or just to have a bit of good tape around.  It's clear, smooth and neat to use, seals packages nicely: I would highly recommend this tape!I know. You're thinking, "He's reviewing carton sealing tape. He must live a truly exciting life." and you're right. My life is action-packed, and I need the best tape I can get to seal my action-packages. Enter Duck tape! It does the job!So you've got 22 yards of this stuff, which is a pretty good value. I can't complain, anyway. The dispenser/cutter is pretty standard for this kind of tape, but it does what it's supposed to do without any mess or problems.The tape itself is just what carton sealing tape should be: Sticky, strong, and easy to use. It doesn't get "lost" on the roll if you accidentally roll it back too far. It's easy to find the edge and start it rolling again. It's sticky enough to stay in place on cartons and cardboard boxes, and it's strong enough to seal tightly and endure a trip through the postal service. That's all I can ask.The price is right, the value is there, and I see no reason not to tell you to buy this sticky roll of adhesive goodness if you need it. It won't disappoint you.I used this packing tape to seal packages I have shipped and find that it works just fine. It is not too heavy so that it does not unnecessarily add to the weight of the package, but, at the same time, it is more than strong enough to secure and seal a carton/box. The dispenser worked perfectly for me, and the price is comparable to similar products.The good thing about this tape is that it really is very easy to tear. The dispenser is a cheap plastic but it does the trick. It is even easier to tear than my Scotch tear by hand tape. The dispenser also makes it easy to tape up packages. The only thing is that the tape doesn't seem too strong. It holds but it seems a little bit flimsy, at least a lot more than the Scotch tape.Furthermore, it doesn't seem like there's much tape. If you're taping up boxes on a regular basis, this probably would not last long.Henkel Duck Carton Sealing Tape compared to other types of sealing tape and dispensers is much, much easier to use!  You have more control of the tape versus the tape with the handle that you hope that your getting it on straight which sometimes doesn't happen.  With the Henkel Tape dispenser you can go slow and get it on very even without wrinkling it.  The Henkel Tape is light in weight compared to using the heavy tape gun.  All in all the Henkel tape dispenser would get 10 stars and the other types 3 stars.  Henkel says it is frustration free and that is 100% correct.  Will be buying this tape from now on.  This is a must have, you won't be sorry.Don't you hate packing tape that either tears unevenly, or gets stuck together so you can't find the beginning of the roll?  This tape is wonderful; it does what packing tape is supposed to do:  dispense clear, easy-to-use tape.  Can't find any flaws in this tape and I've used about half the roll.  Not sure why the weird dimensions (22.5 yards and 1.88 inches wide); why not 20 yards and 2 inches?  Doesn't matter, this tape is the one to buy.Not much to say here.  The EZ Start really does tear easily and rolls off easily.  It doesn't fold over and stick to itself the way other tapes do.  It seems to be just as strong as ordinary tape but it does have a brittleness missing from the regular packing tapes.  One caveat:  this tape's easy tearing is a vulnerability as well as an asset. An easy tearing edge could make it easier for a carton to break open; if the edge of the tape receives a nick.I didn't have to Duck, but we were out of packing tape and I kept forgetting to pick some up at a store. After ordering this on Amazon, I had the clear tape in my hand within two days and for a price just as good as I could've had locally.The tape is easy to pull with an end that's easily located. I especially like that the tape dispenses quietly in case I want to get a package ready while Mrs. Spudman is asleep.Bottom line - This is a good-performing product for a good price that is delivered right to your door. Best yet, with Amazon prime there's no shipping charge either.10 or 20 years ago, this stuff was introduced and sold as a consumer product WITHOUT a dispenser as "easy tear tape" because you can easily tear it to length without a dispenser or scissors. If you are very careful never to allow the free end to "collapse" onto the roll and always fold over an about 1" section when done for a new "starter", it works fairly well without a dispenser or even scissors.However, if you use it with a cheap dispenser (which comes with some packaged versions), it is easy for the free end to collapse onto the roll. If that happens, it is almost impossible to restart the roll, because its tendancy to "slivering and splitting".EZ-tape adheres well to paper, but is not "extra-wide household tape".  It does not adhere well to itself nor to non-paper articles.  For example, it would NOT be suitable for temporarily bundling a dozen poles together, sealing a tear in a vinyl raincoat, temporarily waterproofing a cracked taillight, temporarily reinforcing a cracked window, nor any number of other household uses that ordinary 2" wide clear tape is useful for.  (For most purposes as "general household tape", blue "painter's tape" far superior, but is not clear.)3M 2090-1A Scotch Blue Painter's Tape for Multi-Surfaces 1-Inch-by-60-YardThe 3"-core rolls, installed on a good professional dispenser, used by experienced hands, works beautifully for sealing cartons and protecting mailing lables. It is unusally easy to install in the dispenser, unwinds unusually easy and quietly, and cuts unusually easy.If you do alot of packaging in a quiet environment, such as a library, then this tape may be advantageous, it does not "screeeeeech" as it comes off the roll.  Some brands of tape require real muscle to pull off the roll, and so, a day of sealing boxes can be a workout.  The EZ tape rolls off the roll almost effortly---so much so, that you may have to find ways to slow it down with some professional dispensers (an easy adjustment with most).Since the TSA may confiscate scissors a 2"-core roll (without the dispenser) can be useful for light packaging when traveling.  SUGGESTION:  I always travel with 2" round-tip scissors, which have never ben confiscated.HOW TO RESTART ROLLSPlace a peice of tape (ideally masking tape) perpendicularly across the EZ tape near the end.  Rub the masking (or other) tape to insure maximum adhesion.  As slowly as you can, peel up the end of the EZ tape back to the masking (or other) tape.  Because of the slivering, you may have to peel back 5 or 5 "slivers".  Then peel off the "unit" held together by the masking tape.CONCLUSIONI still greatly prefer premium Scotch brand tape, however EZ tape may be preferable in special cases.I like the smaller roll since I do not do much mailing.  It stuck to my box and tore easily when I used it.  I'm sure if I were purchasing tape at Christmas, I would want a longer roll, but for general use, it is perfectly fine tape.I found this tape and it's dispenser easy to use.  It adhered well to the box and seemed a bit more 'stiff' than the other brand I have been using. For me, that meant it didn't stick to itself so easily.  I have a habit of tearing off the lengths of tape that I need and sticking them to the stainless steel towel holder on a butcher block cart next to my kitchen counter so as I am taping the box I don't have to fuss with the dispenser and the tape is ready for use.I would buy this tape again!We ship packages fairly often and use a lot of packing tape. We usually buy the bulk pack at Sam's, but honestly, the Scotch tape dispenser drives me crazy. The tape easily slips out of the guide in the dispenser, then gets stuck to itself, then tears when I try to unstick it. I always have to fold over a small piece and stick it to itself to prevent that, and then cut off the small piece.The Duck tape has none of those problems! The tape dispensed easily, although it didn't tear on the teeth as cleanly. However, it was much quieter, and when I did get a piece of tape stuck to itself, I was able to pull it apart without tearing -- and therefore wasting -- the tape. Because it's not as sticky as the Scotch brand, I wasn't sure it would still as well to cardboard, but it seems to just fine.Yes, it's more expensive, but it is far less frustrating to use and therefore worth the extra cost!Excellent tape, easy to start, never sticks to itself, very thick, high grade.  I'm ordering again.It's hard to review tape - tape is tape, right? However, I enjoyed using this Henkel sealing tape because I never lost the end even once! The description of this product explain the fancy technology behind the EZ Start, and the tape dispenser does exactly what it advertises.This tape never splits on me & is nice and thick.  The dispenser cuts the tape really well.  It's not too noisy when unrolling it, either.  Works like a dream!UPDATE: I lost the end to the tape the other day, but was able to easily find it.  When I tried to detach it from the roll, the tape did split, but that was easily fixed.It comes off the dispenser easily, is easy to work with, and sticks well. We used it to package boxes for storage in an unheated space, and have had no complaints with its performance.~A_E~This is an excellent product.  I am very pleased with the performance.  It is better than other products I have purchased, stronger and it adheres to all surfaces.It is completely clear so is ideal for taping over labels.I ship packages often, and needed a cost effective, easy to use, QUALITY product. This tape is PERFECT! It is the perfect thickness to handle without creasing on the packages, and once it sticks it is STUCK FOR GOOD. I always worried about other poor quality brands I had used in the past, because if I made a mistake I could sometimes just peel up my mistake and start over. If I could remove it, I wondered if others could remove it or if it stayed stuck tight for a UPS trip, which, rumor has it, CAN BE ROUGH ;)I won't purchase anything else. Folks who are getting my packages say they arrive in GREAT shape, much better than in the past. If you have a need to ship and want your clients to be happy their packages stayed intact, this is your product!NOTE, I also find because this tape is such good quality a little goes a LONG WAY, a little dab will do you. Instead of wrapping around the whole package to "make sure it stays shut" I now just do the seam on the bottom of the box and the seam on the top. It holds, NO PROBLEM, so I am using much less tape. GREAT PRODUCT, I will be using this Duck brand HP260 High performance grade packing tape from now on.After much frustration with tape that doesn't stick well, I'm satisfied with this product.It's still not as sticky as I would like when it comes to cardboard boxes, but it's good enough for me.  I'm now using this tape for all packaging needs for my eBay sales.Duck Brand HP260 High Performance Packaging Tape with Dispenser is as advertised. I used some to close and seal holiday decorations and like how easy the dispenser made it and what a good seal the tape was. I will use it to ship a box and feel confident it will keep it secure. I also used a bit on the edge of my leather desk chair that was fraying and it worked great! I have used Duck Brand tapes in the past and they are a quality tape.We do a LOT of packing and shipping so we use a large quantity of packing tape. This package is the High Performance type which is very strong and is easy to use. We all feel this is a GREAT product. We are able to use less and still fell comfortable the boxes are sealed securely. We were able to get EIGHT rolls for less than it would have cost for the six pack at a local home improvement store. If you are using this to pack boxes for moving, or using it for a business, you will find this to be a very strong and reliable packing tape.I have used all kinds of packing tape and for years tried to cheapz-out only to be disappointed in lesser brands. Thisvstuffvis heavy duty and does what it is supposed to do...hold packages together!This is a very good, mid-weight packing tape that has a nice holding range for assorted temperatures. I generally buy Scotch moving and storage tape in a 4 pack, which is a comparable weight and also temperature resistant. It is about a buck more for a 4 pack of it than it is for this little roll. Of course you can buy the 4 pack of this tape for a far more reasonable price, still a little more than the Scotch, if you have a particular fondness for this brand. Myself, I can't really see much difference and will likely just go with whichever is cheaper when I next have the need.As for the dispenser, it is pretty much the standard dispenser for this size tape and is fine for what it is.Tape is nice but the price here is way too high - Not Recommended.The Duck Brand HP260 High Performance Packaging Tape with Dispenser is very handy with the dispenser included. That holds the tape in place so you can easily tear if off with the metal serrated edge.We will be moving soon so I compared it with a Scotch brand tape that was similar. The Duck Brand had the same holding power but the Scotch brand that I bought on-line was only $3.78 as an add on item.I've used many brands of tape for my shipping purposes. Can't find anything I like any better for the price. Be sure and &#34;do the math&#34; before purchasing. Inches, number of rolls, and price per inch vary in all the Amazon listings. And, it changes every time you order, it seems.I like this tape, and it is thicker and requires less than the 3M heavy duty I use. However... it's not enough thicker that it begins to justify costing as much as it does. To be fair, I normally buy packing tape in packages of 6 or 8 rolls, so it's not fair to compare the per-roll price to this item, which is one roll.However, unless the price is radically different, I think that this isn't justified. When I need really strong packing tap I use the kind with what look like fibers/strings in it and only where I need it. For other areas I use transparent tape. The stuff I normally use isn't as thick as this but it's thick enough and cheap enough that that makes up for it if I need to use twice as much.I don't dislike this tape, and if it's available in larger packages at a significantly reduced per-roll price, I'd get it.I usually use a different brand of packing tape for sending packages out and I have been very happy with it. When I tried this brand I didn't expect anything special or different, but I was pleasantly surprised. As for the quality- it compares to what I am used to. Nice and strong tape. It does not have the feel of junky thin garbage tape.What I did notice is it feels a lot tackier than other tape. I don't know if this will make it hold better in the long run, but it is definitely sticky.The other pleasant surprise was how quiet the dispenser is. It is virtually silent and I don't have to worry about waking anyone up when using this tape.I will definitely be looking at Duck Brand packing tape in the future.This is very nice, thicker tape and so far has not tangled or have I had to waste any. This is a lot better than the thin 3M or thin Duck Tape as it is not like Saran Wrap and it sticks to packages/boxes. I recommend, will buy again, and I hope this helps someone.This tape is high quality stuff.  It is probably stronger than what most people even need to be honest.  You could probably go with a thinner tape and get more bang for your buck.  But if your worried about tape not sticking or whatever then this stuff will put your mind at ease as it is very sticky and very thick.Good price, works good, sticks. It's tape for crying out loud.  Had some 3M that we were pretty disappointed in.This tape seems thicker and tackier than the typical cheap stuff we purchase and of high quality overall. The dispenser is typical of this type of product. I haven't really had problems with what I have been using (Scotch, but other brands as well), but I'll often wrap quite a bit of tape around a box just to be sure. With this I'd feel comfortable using less.I rate this as very good except for the price. It is very expensive for what you get. Note that this is a little roll, not a large role of tape. It is 22.2 yards at 1.88 inches wide. You can get six or eight 60 yard rolls (480 yards totoal) for just two or three times the price:Duck Brand HP260 High Performance Packaging Tape, 1.88 Inches x 60 Yards, 3.1 Mil, Crystal Clear, 6-Pack + 2 Bonus Rolls (1067839). Amazon also shows a 3 pack of 60 yard rolls for not much more (Duck Super High Performance Packaging Tape, 60yd Roll, 3 Pack) although there is some conflict between the picture showing three rolls and the selector specifying one roll. The comments seem to indicate it is three rolls.Overall a good product, you might choose to check out the more affordable options if you need more than just this small amount.I like Duck brand tapes. They are really good products and do a great job. This tape is very thick and tough, and the adhesive is strong. It is very clear. The dispenser is handy. I've used the HDclear tape with great success before which made me a fan of Duck brand tapes. Highly recommend this product, although I'd buy the bigger rolls in the larger packs as it's more economical that way.Excellent for packing, works great and it sturdy.  I do a lot of mailing and this seemed to be a bit thicker and sturdier than the regular tape that I buy.  I would trust this with heavy boxes.its clear but really sticky so watch for your fingers lolits affordable cheaper then my local storesits great for shippingMuch better than the $0.99 a roll stuff you can find on sale at some local store !  It is stronger and stickier, so packages bound with it will stay bound :)  I am using it to bundle rolls of old carpeting, a couple of turns is plenty to do that well :)It's inexpensive.  It sticks well.  The rolls are big (they hold a lot of tape).It comes off the roll well and doesn't tear easily.  All in all, this is a great choice for a packaging tape.This tape works great. I don't think it smells bad and it seems to stick just fine. We haven't had any issues with coming off what we use it on whether packages or household items. I recommend it.Great product great price, easy to use always adheres to packaging.  Does not lift and peal off, love it use it all the time.I haven't tried all the wrapping/sealing tapes, but I've tried quite a few. I pack and ship about sixty packages a month, and I love this stuff.  I haven't done a cost analysis of cheaper brands, but the extra money I pay for this product saves me a lot of stress, both emotional and physical, and time.  I no longer have a sense of dread come over me when I'm about to tackle ten or 15 packages--thinking about tangled tape, impossible to manipulate tape, and tape that is a real pain to replace on my tape gun.  Sometimes it's the small things in life that make a big difference. Thank you Mr. Duck Tape!I've gone through a lot of packaging tape in my day, and figured out that popping the extra for good stuff is worth the time and hassle savings. Plus, it doesn't take 9 strips to seal a box, so ultimately, I save versus buying the cheap stuff. This Duck High Performance is most definitely the good stuff.Pros:- Sticks well, so no using multiple pieces to keep it in place- Doesn't strip or tear, so no messing with it peeling into a hundred piecesCons:- Expensive. Definitely better than the cheap stuff. A small upgrade over the less expensive but still good stuff. I think I'd keep going for this for heavy/serious packages, and buy cheaper for normal, lightweight stuff.Just loaded a roll into our tape dispenser. Seems strong enough and weighed for big packages.This should do the job well and be secure for the whole trip to where it is going.Reasonable, clear. Nice stuff!This is one of the better packing tapes I have used. It is one of the thicker tapes I have used, eliminating the need to add multiple layers. It is adequately sticky as well. With some tapes, I have to make an effort to go back over them, pressing it down, or it can release before the box has even shipped. This has not been the case with the HP260.Given the price/performance characteristics, I anticipate purchasing more when this supply runs out.This seems to be a good medium weight tape. Dispenses easily for a disposable dispenser. Great for a move since you could stash these in every room since they are small.Good quality packaging tape for packing those boxes.  The tape works well enough and is strong enough for holding boxes for moving or packaging gifts.I go through a-lot of packing tape. I use it to build cardboard shipping containers and to bundle recyclable cardboard. I always buy tape in bulk and don't tend to use dispensers. I decided to try the Duck Brand HP260 High Performance Packaging Tape with Dispenser because the dispenser design looked different and I thought it may be better than the system I use.While the dispenser works alright it is nothing special and really doesn't justify the cost of this tape. The tape is adequate and has good clarity.If you are someone who only uses packing tape on rare occasions, this product will work fine for you. If you use a-lot of tape and need to have a cost-effective solution, You should keep on looking.This is a nice sturdy box tape and a bit thicker than one that I have use in the past.It worked well, tore well and I hope it holds up. Seems great but shouldn't cost much more than the other brands.I haven't had it any longer than a month to determine if it will hold up over the years for a good storage tape.I bought some of this brand of tape to save some money compared to that other leading famous brand of clear sealing tape.  What I got were rolls of tape that looked the same but were brittle.  That means that the tape split as I was pulling it off the roll, making me pick at the strip still sticking to the roll and starting it over.  I wasted so much time with this tape that I made up my mind to pay extra and buy that other leading brand that I never had this problem with.The only way I can qualify this review is that perhaps the rolls I got were too old to be sold.  Perhaps they had been in storage too long.  But after what I've been through using this tape, I can't bring myself to buy it again.I sell things from my Etsy shop and I want to make sure things stay sealed up until they get to the buyer.  This stuff is easy to use and I know I can trust Duck Brand.  Thanks!I guess if you don't have space for a larger dispenser like the Duck Brand Standard Tape Gun with Foam Handle, (Includes 1 Roll of 54 Yard Standard Tape) then you can pay about the same price for 22 yards in the throw away dispenser that isn't very sturdy.So, if you have to travel with packing tape, or want your packing tape to fit into a small drawer, then buy this.  The tape is high quality, thick, is easy to unstick from itself.The plastic dispenser is a bit flimsy though.So, go with a larger tape gun if you are able.I use packing tape every day, and normally buy Scotch or even a store brand.  This duck brand packaging tape is great, it is thick and heavy duty.  It comes with the dispenser and works well.  I use less tape since it is so heavy duty.  I would like it if came in a bigger roll.  I would buy this again. It would also work great for packing boxes to move.I used to useDuck HD Clear Tapebut wanted to try something a bit thicker. With the hd clear I would sometimes double up the tape when shipping items as I didn't feel a single layer would stand the abuse of shipment. With the HP260, I feel confident using a single layer. It sticks very well too; I never worry about my boxes coming untaped.Another place where this tape shines is in the workshop. I build small boxes with miter joints sometimes, and I use this tape to hold the box together while the glue dries. It works great with plenty of pressure.So if you ship a lot of items, or are a box builder, this tape does what it needs to with no problems whatsoever.Before I tried this tape I had bought the 3M tape 4-pack on Amazon and this tape puts it to shame!  This tape is much stickier and much thicker.  The 3M Scotch brand tape was much thinner and adhered about as well as Post It Notes!  It looks by the size of the roll that there is twice as much Duck tape on the roll compared to the 3M Scotch brand tape.  You might get 4 rolls of the thin nonsticky Scotch tape for the same price as 3 rolls of this Duck tape, but you end up using twice as much tape to secure a box!  And I don't know if the Scotch tape sold on Amazon is just old or what, but it barely sticks to anything, as many people have stated in the reviews.  Bottom line, try this tape, you won't go back to Scotch!This carton tape is as good as any I've ever used...and I've been shipping for over 40 years and have used dozens ofdifferent makes of tape...I recommend this tape very highly...I'll continue to buy it.Ol' Dave said thatI ship stuff around the country to my Daughter, Grand kids and Great grand kids. A couple of weeks ago, prepared a package to ship to one of my Great grand sons and used the latest (NEW) version of the old tried and true Sc**** tape and something had changed much for the worse. Spent over an hour wrapping a 15"X12"X12" package. Although the tape stuck to itself like it was welded there, it absolutely would NOT stick to the cardboard shipping box. Had to wrap the tape around and around the package in all directions to assure that it would not come off during shipment and then, I still had my doubts.In desperation, I jumped onto the Amazon site and started looking for packing tape. Found this one and read the reviews and was highly impressed. The user ratings were soaring high above the tape I had been using, so I hauled off and ordered this 'Duck' tape. Boy, now that I have used it and see how well it works, I will never go back to the old stuff. Not only is this cheaper but it works better than the old stuff I was used to before they changed it. This is it for me. Will use this tape for the rest of my life and never look back.Thanks Amazon and thanks Duck Brand tape.This tape is strong, durable and works fine. The dispenser lets the tape glide easily and is quiet. It is particularly good for taping boxes for mailing. The tape does seem expensive than other comparable brands.It is a tough tape as you would expect coming from Duck Brand but you pay premium for the strength.  So if you need a wide temperature range  and high tensile strength for your packages then go with this. I do think it'll guarantee your package arrives in one piece (barring crushing).  If you don't need it then Scotch makes a comparable tape for far less.That's about all I can say about it.  It's Tape.I travel a lot, and find having strapping tape on-hand is very useful. But sometimes using the tape without a dispenser is very time consuming. This tape/dispenser is travel size, and has a built in cutter. Tape is sticky and strong enough to hold together my busted suitcase through the luggage carousel maze. Recommended..This tape is good quality tape and a fantastic price on Amazon.  It is not too thin like some tape so it doesn't get twisted a lot.It's hard to tell what you're going to get when you buy this type of tape.  This stuff is the Real Deal.  It is thick, applies easily with a proper dispenser, sticks well and holds tight.  The most important part is that it is not that cellophane-thin stuff you get most of the time.  This stuff is truly heavy-duty.That's how I like my take and this stuff is tough and it sticks great! I am on my 3rd order.Update: I am on my 6th order, I can't find a better tape. It is thick and super sticky. If the tape lays down on a shipping label by accident, just rub it in because it will not come off without destroying the label but that is the price you will pay for using premium tape. After you realize that you have to place it exactly as you want the tape and not fumble with it you will be overly happy with the tape.Sturdy and strong.  Easy to work with.  This is a good small roll of packing tape.  It holds well and resists breaking.  Good stuff!I used a lot of packaging tape for mailing, and so I was eager to try this tape.  I judge packaging tape on three things.  The first of course is strength of taping. This excelled there.  It's very strong tape, and held well from the start, without having to be pressed on a lot like some tapes.  I know it would stand up to mailing rigors.  The second area where I judge is the ease of starting the tape.  This tape started easily, which helps with frustration!  The third area, however, wasn't quite as good.  That area is lack of ripping while unrolling to tape.  Some tapes very easily rip up the long way, leaving long separated strands of tape that you have to work to get to the part of the tape where they aren't ripped apart to get a nice big piece again, if you get me!  This tape mostly didn't rip, but did once.  It didn't rip into lots of pieces, and I quite easily got it back to one piece, but the fact that it ripped at all took away a star!  Overall, good tape, but not perfect!This is clearly good quality tape...for a good price too!Ha, I wasn't trying to be punny but it really is clear tape!Comes off the roll easy and doesn't seem like it will ever tear or be a mess.Nice and thick.GO DUCKS. THIS PREMIUM TAPE IS THE EQUILAVENT OF 3M'S IN EVERY ASPECT. IT'S A MATTER OF WHICH YOU CAN GET THE LOWER PRICE ON. HAPPY TAPINGP.S.- SURE WISH SOMEONE COULD MAKE THIS TYPE OF TAPE SO IT REELS OFF QUIETER !Worked well for moving boxes.  I refuse to use cheap tape after being burned many times with it.  Spend a little extra and get tape that actually holds up!I always buy 3m product. But after reading few reviews, I wanted to try this product. It is good product but if you are use to 3m product, stick with 3m.Cristal clear, completely see through, and wonderful at binding.This tape is dependable and good for shipping labels.and at a wonderful value, id recommend it to anyone looking to buy in bulk and save money.While this tape does have an odor its not overpowering, and its almost pleasant to me lol.Its a regular tape smell.Make sure that you press down good to get out all the air and provide a proper bind and you will have a reliable tape.However its not thick therefore i recommend using more than one strip on boxes.Other than that buy this tape!you will not be finding a better deal, or a clearer tape, or a more reliable tape anytime soon.so buy. :)UPDATE:It is August 4th and it has been over 4 months since i bought this tape, and my first roll just ran out. 4 and a half months and i am just getting to my second roll, that's pretty good. I do ship prepare boxes pretty often as well. so this tape is a keeper with others they would only last just over a month before i needed more. At this rate this package will last me well over 2 years.This tape met my expectations, but why the high price? Compare to Scotch Heavy Duty Shipping Packaging Tape, which is the same width and length for less than half the price (on Amazon as of this writing). The Duck Brand has a more compact design, which may be worth the premium for some, but not most.I just went through my thirteenth household move and this tape is BY FAR this best that I've ever used. It's much better than the stuff moving companies give out and it's no more expensive. This tape is worth it's weight in gold. I packed large boxes full of my heavy cookware, books, DVDs & much more- not one box even dented, let alone fell apart on me. I put some of this tape over & around my open lotion & other pump bottles to prevent leakage or spills- not one leak occurred, for the first time ever during a move to a new home. This could probably hold a building together if need be. If only my nerves & body held together as well during the move as my boxes sealed up with this tape did!This is a little harder to remove than regular tape when unpacking, so keep that in mind. Ladies, it will absolutely ruin your manicure if you try to remove it without scissors or a box cutter, so don't even bother trying to tear this off without a cutting tool. This is tough tape. On the plus side, you can get away with using less of this on your packages than with normal tape, as this seals cardboard tight like nobody's business. I will never use any other tape to send things off in the mail, pack boxes up for a move or close products tight without spillage or leaking. Amazing stuff!I have paid more for 3M tape and not had as much luck as with the Duck brand. This tape sticks well.  The last batch of 3M was peeling in a few weeks. Good price also.  A full 60yds per roll.All I can do is second the reviewer who wrote &#34;Do not buy this tape if you value your sanity.&#34;  It is almost impossible to use due to constant shredding whenever the roll needs to be re-started.  Even setting aside the hair-pulling level of frustration involved in working with it, the shredding wastes a ton of the tape -- you end up having to throw out feet and feet of it in order to get back to a full-width piece and start working again.  This is just a horrible product, worse than some of the no-name store brands I've tried.  I'll be sticking withScotch brand packaging tapefrom now on, and I regret buying even one roll of the Duck.I ship a lot of products and love this tape!  Price was good on Amazon.  Of course, I'm always looking for cheaper prices since I use so much, but not so much that I would go with a flimsy tape.  This one is sturdy and actually stays put on the package, unlike some that come right off if you lift the corner.  Quack, quack!  Way da go, Duck Brand!I've tried lots of different brands of duct tape in the past (I have an on line business), and this is my favorite by far!  It is super strong, and a great value.  Ships quickly, too!Works great, good value, but, I've seen thicker.  I would have liked that.  Besides that, they are worth the money.Man, this works way better than the Scotch clear tape, at not even half the cost.  Very thick, and adhesion is great.  We use it to pack our goods for shipping, very durable.This is a good tape with few problems.  I buy it over the other brands because the price is better but it performs well.It is difficult to get excited about packing tape, but the Duck Brand works fine and is much less expensive than comparable brands (Scotch 3M) at my drugstore. I like the two pack, as it is great having an extra roll in reserve. I am definitely satisfied with this product, it adheres nicely and the dispenser is easy to use and cuts the tape neatly.Tape is strong and a good value for the money.  It isn't the cheapest but you do get what you pay for, I like this tape and will buy it again.My job involves stapling everyday.  You cannot imagine the frustration of trying to staple a few pages together and the darn thing just doesn't  work!  Frankly, it amazes me, that we still have issues with such a common device as aStapler..but we do.  Sad...None the less, this is one of the better staplers I have found, and I hope it stays this way.  ;-)4.5 starsI do not use this a lot, but it has been very good and staples very well.  I like owning quality stuff if i can afford it and this is high quality plus it makes a very flat staple.  The flat staple allows for much flatter stacking of a group of papers.  You know how conventional staples produce a pile of papers with one end much higher than the rest, well this mostly eliminates that problem.Does everything a staoler is supposed to do.It staples, have not had a jam yet. Have not had any problems.This is the best stapler I have ever owned.  It punches through a thick stack of papers with little effort.  No jams so far.  The 30 sheet capacity is probably more a function of the length of standard staples than with the power of this stapler.  The flat-clinch feature really works.  Uses any standard staples and a full strip loads easily.  The rubber grips on the top and bottom of the stapler are a nice touch.  After using this stapler, I can't imagine ever wanting anything else.  I expect to use this for 10 years or more, as long as it doesn't get stolen.  And the price is very reasonable for what you're getting.For 30 years I worked for the government, and I imagine all I ever used were the low bidders on staplers.  Some were name brands, some were brands never heard of before or since.  The one thing they had in common is they worked - usually.  Sometimes not, which is probably why there were so many low bid staple removers around.  Here I am, retired for 10 years, still using low bid staplers and just had my fill of my &#34;surplus&#34; staplers.  I looked for top rated staplers, found this, it claims 30 pages, low effort - all these claims are true!Feels very solid, well made, nothing rattles around.  Comfortable, with much less effort than my surplus stapler put staples in 20 pages, this does 30 without a single misfire.  Such luxury!  Treat yourself to a great quality stapler.I bought a package of the Max Standard Staples and loaded it with them.  Not sure they are anything special, but I do know they work.I bought this to staple shut cardboard/Mylar coin holders. The flat cinch is essential to allow the coins to stack neatly for storage. A regular stapler will leave the crimped ends of the staple in little humps. These humps 1) take up space and 2) run the risk of rubbing against another coin and damaging it.A nice bonus is that whatever you staple has a more finished/professional look to it. You don't need to use special or hard-to-find staples either. Any standard staple brand will do. The flat cinch is a function of the stapler, not the staples you put in it.And, it takes a full strip of staples. I've had other staplers where you have to break the strip in half before putting it in the stapler, not so with this model.I recommend this stapler to anyone whether you need the flat cinch or not.I tested it out a few times to gauge the amount of pages you can effectively staple and here are my results:50 Pages-Fail45 Pages-Fail40 Pages-Just barely makes it.0-35-Works great.Good Stapler that is easy to reload.While I know it's odd to get this excited about office supplies, I must say that this stapler ROCKS.  When I first used one here at a busy hospital nursing station, I instantly ran over to a computer to order one for myself.  It easily staples stacks of pages (I've only stapled 20 at once myself so far), with one hand.  It has the profile of a normal little desktop stapler, with a hefty feel to it.  I've never seen it misfire or had to pick out a nasty bent-up half-fired staple.  Ours is so loved here that there is a very threatening note taped to the top of it to warn would-be snaggers!I've just purchased my fourth one...along a spare for when the inevitable happens...As staplers go, this model works better than any stapler that I've ever owned.  I use theMXB355M - Flat-Clinch Staples for MXBHD50DFBK, which are exceedingly sharp.  The staples close flat, unlike standard staplers, which bend the ends into an arc.  The result is that stapled corner of a pile of stapled documents doesn't bulge up.The Max staplers are solidly built.  There's some padding on the top of lever arm, which makes it comfortable to hold (and a bit of give if you whack it too hard).What else can I say?  If you need a stapler, buy this one...and don't forget the staples.These pens were purchased for someone else, and as far as I know, the person is very satisfied with them.Ink is all dried out and faded.Have to press HARD into the paper to make a definitive mark.No wonder these are all on sale and filling up all the aisles in dollar stores.Because they suck!Zebra name but worse than cheapy no name stick pens.I have several friends who are servers at my favorite restaurant.  They always need pens that write well on credit card receipts, and they need to be inexpensive since customers tend to take them. The Zebra pens fit those needs.Less expensive pens are available but they often do not write very well on credit card receipts.The barrel cracks more easily than expected.  A few of the pens would not give up ink either.  The pens that did work were fine with no skipping of ink.My favorite office-use pens are the Zebra F301 and F402.  Unfortunately I have a tendency to leave my pens laying around here and there, and I've come to realize that at a dollar or more each these two styles of pens aren't very cost effective for me.Enter the Z-Grip.  It's a bit thicker than the F301 and F402, but not enough to be objectionable for me (the Zebra Silver Select comes to mind as one pen far too big in the grip).  I do have large hands, however, so those who prefer a thin writing instrument may want to look elsewhere.As for the writing itself, I have no issues with it 95% of the time, but once in a while I find it a bit more finicky on glossy paper than the F301 or F402.  But for appr. 1/4 the price I consider this a reasonable tradeoff.  And it is miles ahead of the PaperMate junk that is available in our office supply cabinet.  Reccomended.Edit January 2013 - Since I wrote this review years ago I've generally moved on to gel pens like thePilot G2 Fine Point, Black Gel Ink Pens, Box of 12and theuni-ball Signo Gel 207 Retractable Roller Ball Pen, Medium Point, Black Ink, 12-Pack.  In comparison, the Zebra Z-Grips seem rather boring.  But you know what?  They still write OK, have a comfy grip, and cost about 1/3 of the gel pens I like.  And unlike others here, I've found the Zebras very reliable.  Still a solid 4-star pen for me.I really love the feel of the grip on these pens.  The medium point is perfect for me and I couldn't be happier with them.Great product, love the flow of the ink and the grip.  Would order again as needed.  Highly recommend this productThese are nothing special, but they work well and are inexpensive. The grip could be more comfortable, but it's a step up from no grip at all.I wish I could give these pens a good review - I think they are so nice looking, they have a good grip, and I like how they write. However, I consistently have difficulty actually keeping them writing. Multiple pens in the pack have abruptly given up working within a week of being purchased. I can see there is plenty of ink in the barrel, but nothing comes out. Very frustrating.fast shipping and works as it should. i like the fact that i didnt have to go to the store and shlep it, but in the store it is cheaper.good foldersdont tear and hold weightwould recommend for office worki use them for all my cabinets at my home officeGreat quality.  Same as what you would purchase in any office store in your area.  I'm not sure of the cost but I am sure it is comparable.Helps making life much more organized and stress free when you can quickly fin something makes life much easier. I find the green is bless to use if you have any problems with your eye sight and it's less of a distraction !I purchased a box 0f 50 of the Pendaflex folders. They are green in color. The hanging strips work as they should and I have not had any issues with the folders coming unglued at the strip area. They are heavy duty letter size and were a good buy at one of the local big box stores.Must have to keep files straight in your cabinet.  I've bought these about 3 or 4 times now after I run out and will buy again in the future.  Never have had any issue, well made!My daughter is organizing her office and she needed Pendaflex folders.  Not one of the best Christmas presents she received, but one that was needed.  Arrived in good condition and quickly.No other company can compare with the quality and consistency of these folders.  They're just A-1 in my book and will always remain so--unless Pendaflex decides to do something that makes them even better than they are.  Great product as they have always been.Ordered these in two sets, and it took a pretty long time to get them - about 2 weeks. Should've just bought them locally because this was a ripoff. I got the plastic holders, but no labels so had to spend time making my own. Not really a deal breaker, but the deal breaker was the quality of these. It's like they were rejects or something from a big office supply place because sometimes I couldn't even insert the plastic label holders into the slots. Would never order from this seller again.These Pendaflex file folders are the standard for office use, with the added benefit that they are now made of recycled paper. They come in many different colors. I got the old-fashioned, standard green. They are letter size, 1/5 cut tabs.Good quality. Highly recommended.These will serve my purpose well in my new file cabinet. I have seen some of these that were too thin and flimsy. These have a good paper weight to them and should last many years.We use a lot of these in our business and it's just one more thing I can buy online rather than trying to find a competitive price locally and best of all I don't have to spend my time going to the stores to find them and wait until they are on sale.  I love door front delivery.This is a highly versatile item, that can be used in various way.  Upfront they look like inexpensive 'Flex Tab Hanging File Folder' well, I am here to tell you they are a lot more than that.  Just keep looking and you will see that the 'Flex Tab Hanging File Folder' know by the military as 'FTHFF' is a certain dull green color.  This color, for your information, was selected by a high ranking government committee so it could go either way - Military or Civilian.  This committee knew that you could use the 'FTHFF' when you were under attack (civil unrest or military action) to cover and camouflage your body, leaving you invisible on your office floor.  Cover your self and lie still on the floor and with this color people in your office will step over you (note: stay out of heavy traffic areas).  Finally, and you can tell I am a fan of these 'FTHFF', these folders are both left hand or right hand use!  That right boys and girls, they go either way.  You can use either hand.  Hey, what more are you looking for in a 'Flex Tab Hanging File folder'?  Highly Recommended.These are standard hanging folders that appear in offices around the world.Nothing special -- not flimsy -- just a quality hanging folder. I got exactly what I wanted.Pendaflex is a name I trust for sturdy office supplies and vibrant folder colors.  Who wants a dark and dingy filing system?At home, we use these yellow ones first because they are eye-catching and second because they last a long time.  They come with matching color tabs and white inserts.Using these are just the start of cleaned up paperwork and organized files.Pendaflex is really good quality brand, and this was an OK deal.  Would have like a better price, but overall we are very happy with the quality of the product.The folders are heavy and hold up to alot of overstuffing with file folders and papers.  Tabs and hangers are very rugged.The Recycled Pendaflex Folders are terrific.  They are not has heavy as the regular Pendaflex hanging file folders, but that is not a detriment at all.  They work great plus we're saving the environment!!!These are your standard file folders.. i use these all the time and when i need more i order them here.very goodThe Tuff Stuff is a quality stick eraser - well built and functional. The tip is much smaller than the traditional click erasers, and that is why this product is loved by those who do crosswords, sudoku, and other puzzles. The tip extends in small amounts when clicked and does not push back up into the unit when erasing. Sounds perfect, right? Well, not quite. The eraser material is a bit hard and does not erase pencil marks as well as traditional softer click erasers. It still works and is built very well, so I'm only taking off one star. But perhaps a softer eraser material would have functioned better.Really like this and seems to be not as hard on paper as others, so definitly reccomend it to any pencil artist.I love these thin eraser pens.  They are great for erasing figures while budgeting.  You just can't find this size eraser pen in the stores.  I've looked in Office Depot and Staples and couldn't find these thin erasers.  Amazon came through for me again; and at a great price too!Nice design with retractable eraser. Doesn't work well with colored pencils, but it's not supposed to since it's not kneaded rubber. It's fine for everything else, though. Oh well, live and learn.This stick works great.  I do charcoal drawings and this stick does a wonderful job.  It does wear fast because it almost, self cleans so I would recommend you order replacement erasers when you order the stick.The need to constantly sharpen the eraser tip has been dealt with by the Paper Mate Tuff Stuff Eraser Stick designers, saving time and eliminating distractions.I use the Paper Mate Tuff Stuff Eraser in conjunction with mechanical pencils both at work and in school. These little eraser sticks save me the hassle of uncapping my mechanical pencils to access the on-board eraser and even better, do a fantastic job erasing.I use mechanical pencils to mark up printed products for editing including maps, drawings, and charts and thus it's very important to have very clear edits. This eraser does a great job removing nearly all pencil marks and graphite from a huge variety of paper. I've also found that the tip on this is much more accurate than standard drafting cube erasers and that this eraser tends to last much longer.Recommended!I got these to organize my pantry. They are nice and deep, they hold items in nicely (I just wish they didn't have a tapered side). I attached a piece of galvanized pipe clamp to the very front, to not only be able to pull them out of the pantry, via the &#34;pull&#34; but, I also put a label on that pull, for whatever items belong in that particular bin - it keeps a pantry organized and tidy - if it can do this for a pantry - I can only imagine that it does, just as great a job, in an office environment!Well made and sturdy! Going to get more for, under the cabinets, and use them in my Closets, bathrooms and craft room storage areas! They ARE a bit pricy - but who can REALLY put a cost on the happiness of a well organized home!I use this as my homework bin  - it is perfect.  I love using this tray.  It is big enough to hold all the papers from each period.  GREAT PRODUCT!!!These are great if you have a large quantity of papers. They are good for in boxes or outboxes and can accommodate large envelopes or large stacks of papers where others won't.We've had a series of inbox tray organizers over the years, and I like this one the best.  The plastic ones get dusty because of static, the wooden ones are expensive and get dinged up over time, and the solid metal ones look sterile.This one is inexpensive,and looks good on my desk.  It's plenty deep enough for whatever papers I want to put in it, and the clear plastic feet protect the wood on my desk.Nice basket that I think will stand up to the light beating it will take in my car. I fold the front seat down flat giving me a work surface (don't worry, not a distraction), but file folders slide around when I drive. So, this will be used as a mobile desk tray. I may Velcro it down but it has not slipped on my first drives.This is used to hold active files for easy access.  It neatly organizes the files for easy access.  Client files can get a bit bulky, so the wide slots are definitely a big plus.  Folder labels are easier to see using this sorter (instead of being stacked one on top of the other).  There are sturdier versions, like theRolodex Mesh Stacking Sorterbut have less slots and are also more expensive.  I recommend these Fellowes sorter.I got this 23.2-inch organizer and the 11.375-inch model too. Both fit perfectly into my file cabinet, but I prefer the 11.375 organizer because the spacing between the wire spacers is smaller. I put just one folder in each space so that they stand up straight, making the folder label very easy to see and identify. I ordered another 11.375 organizer to put in the same file cabinet drawer. I have the 23.2 incher down below in the lower drawer for bigger file folders like ones stuffed with old letters and product manuals, as well as folders I don't access very often so I can bunch them together with other folders in the same space. It's not as easy to identify them that way, because they tend to lean into each other, but if they're folders you don't access very often it doesn't matter and the folders take up less space.My folders have been flopping over my plastic organizers that I've been using for years. The lite finally went on!Problem solved! This holds my files perfectly. It sits on top of a book case. Keeps my most important files within hands reach for constant action.Exceeded my expectations.Keeps files and documents organized. To avoid thin stacks of papers from curling, I often keep things in file folders in each bracket.Product is just as described. Suits my needs and looks professional in my law office.I am a teacher and I keep everything organized in 1&#34; binders and then I needed a way to keep the binders themselves organized and this was PERFECT! The slots are wide and are great for text books too!It fits in my file cabinet correctly and dimensions were perfect.  Spacing is nice for binders and books.  It does take a bit of elbow grease to get the little feet on the ends.  They are rubbery plastic and its a super tight fit.  Great product though!What can I say about a drafting pencil that is built so well. I am picky about pencils and this is now my favorite.Most mechanical pencils use 5mm to 7mm lead.  The finer lead here is very good when drawing accurate technical diagrams.Like most people who have used mechanical pencils for a long time, I settled into my favorite couple pencils, bought a number of them and used them for years.  For me it was the Y&C; Double Knock and the Alvin Draftmatic dating back to the mid-90's.  But then I started using "luxury" pen and pencil sets from Cross, Parker, Pelican and Waterman and lost touch with the "functional" mechanical pencil market.  But both between a realization that these "luxury" brands aren't actually interested in making a good pencil as much as something good looking (don't get me wrong, they're good, but writing quality of their pencils is not what drives them) and my kids getting to the age where they could use a good mechanical pencil, I decided to dig back in and re-learn the current offerings.  I decided to give my older kids (as stocking stuffers for Christmas) one of each of the viable contenders and then borrow them on occasion to see what I thought.  It's now been a couple months and I'm reviewing them all:Best overall: Pentel GraphGear 500 (this review)Best value: Zebra M301 (http://www.amazon.com/review/R1U5S4D5OEPY3F)Best retractable tip: Pentel GraphGear 1000 (http://www.amazon.com/review/R1WGL8ZCB03SQK)Best rubber grip: Staedtler 925-05 (http://www.amazon.com/review/R1ZX77U5OV8OS6)Also rans (in order of preference):Alvin Draftmatic (http://www.amazon.com/review/R1VQY95VWPF0YI)Uni Kuru Tora (http://www.amazon.com/review/R2JV48N3D6KXH3)Pentel P205 (http://www.amazon.com/review/R3C11TD28G7BUT)Click on the links above for my detailed review of each.  And now for the actual review for THIS pencil, the Pentel GraphGear 500:This is a medium priced ($5-$10) pencil but minus the clip has the feel of a higher end pencil.  It has what the manufacturer calls a "metallic mesh grip" which is one of the three common types (along with ribbed plastic and the rubber grip).  I generally like the metal grips because they are very consistent even if your fingers are slick or greasy.  They are also very easy to clean and last FOREVER.  The downside is that generally it is your fingers that take the beating, not the pencil.  The Alvin Draftmatic is the most classic example of that.  Many complain about it and one definitely builds up callouses if they use them regularly.  However, this pencil's grip has a VERY nice feel to it.  Not too aggressive on the mesh, far less so than the Draftmatic, but still nowhere close to slippery.This it what makes it my winning pencil for at home or in the office.  Add to that a VERY sturdy/stiff tip, it has the least give in the medium price range by far, and a consistent clicking mechanism and you've got a winner of a pencil.If one is looking for downsides, the size and quality of the barrel leaves a bit to be desired.  It's not horrible, appropriate for the price range, but it's a bit on the small side (one of the only ones where the barrel is smaller than the grip) and overall the pencil feels like a higher end tip on a medium grade barrel.  But I ask you, if you had to pick, which would you rather have be on the high side?As stated up front, also in the downside category is the clip.  In fact, it's the most glaring weakness.  It's pretty wimpy, so wimpy I'll end up taking it off.  Combine that with the lack of a retractable tip and the very small eraser on the top (frankly, they all do) and it's not your best pocket pencil for carrying around.Nevertheless, if you're looking for a pencil that you leave at your desk where you should have a big polymer eraser at your disposal at all times (and you should) and don't care about the lack of a retractable tip, this is a winner.  Thus, this is my favorite (one of only two I gave a 5-star review) and will likely be yours too if you like a metal grip.  That you don't have to pay a bunch for it makes it all the sweeter.The fit and finish of this pencil is excellent.  It's a very very nice pencil.  The only thing I don't like about it is that the clip tends to come off a little bit too easily, but maybe some people want to take the clip off, so I can understand why it isn't permanently attached to the pencil.  I do however like the retractable tip of the graph gear 1000 alot better because the tips of these pentel mechanical pencils are really sharp.  But you can't go wrong with this pencil.  Excellent product from japan.I would highly recommend this mechanical pencil, even over the GraphGear 1000, it is that impressive of a pencil.I currently have H2 Pentel Stein lead which adds to the enjoyment.If you're a drafter or line artist, get it!The knurled metal and long tube make this extremely useful and satisfying.  It is well made and really appeals to the technical side.  Slick for doing crosswords or sketching out plans and lists.First of all, it is NOT automatic! So if you are wanting an automatic drafting pencil, you need to look else where. The pocket clip is made out of folded beer-can metal. Considering the price, I expect a much better pencil from Pentel.Wheres the rest of the pencil?  I have and use and LOVe the GG 1000.  I got this as a &#34;workshop&#34; pencil (cause there is no way my 1000 is going into the workshop).  I figured it would be a good &#34;work&#34; pencil.  On that mark it is ok.  Better than a cheapy draftmatic that broke after one drop (onto concrete- so I guess I can't complain too much) but not anywhere near the level of quality of the 1000.  The tip is non retractable and the head and grip are nice.  They have good weight and the knurling on the grip is cut well and offers good grip (especially if using with gloves).  but get past the tip and grip and it's like Pentel forgot the rest of the pencil.  The body is much thinner than the grip and is made from cheap styrine plastic (think disposabel pencils).  MUCH MUCH MUCH thinner than the head.  It almost looks like they forgot the outer body of the pencil.  Yea it is not a pleasent look.  It screams CHEAP!  I got the .9mm size (grey/silver body) and there are noticable flow lines (not a huge deal- just another part of the cheap look factor).  The body is Hexagonal (oh wait what is a six side figure called???  ok I looked it up it is hexagonal) which detracts even more from the look of this pencil.  It has a cheapy pocket clip (that can be removed easily).  The push button and small ereaser are actully well made and fit nicely.  The pencil came with 3 leads (so YEA there).  It does write nicely and clicks in typical Pentel fashion.  Taking this pencil apart is worthless as all that comes apart is the head unscrews from the body and the cap and ereaser come off.  The rest of the mechanics are more or less moded into the plastic body and a serious jam is going to render this pencil useless (unlike the 1000 that can be stripped almost completly).  So overall this is an ok mechanical pencil.  THe head is nice but the body stinks. I won't be getting another one if this one comes up broken or missing.  It is in line with some of Pentels cheaper offerings- but is not even close to the same league as the 1000.My search for the perfect erasable writing instrument continues.The Graph Gear 500 is comfortable in use, and the metal front-loads the balance nicely. The action is positive with just the right amount of feed per click and it seems to use most of the lead unlike cheaper pencils with which one has to discard a half-inch of lead before the next one will feed properly. I've found that the last one quarter inch of lead will fall out of the pencil, with the new lead waiting to be advanced right behind it. More parsimonious than many other types I've used. Yes, I measured the wasted lead with a ruler.I use my Graph Gear 500 for note-taking and idea sketching rather than for any sort of precision work, so read accordingly. I'm also a relative newcomer to the 0.7mm pencil, having had a preference for the 0.5mm size for years.I didn't like that it came with HB leads. I always end up tossing HB leads in favor of Bs or 2Bs as the softer leads improve the look of my handwriting. This sounds like a small and petty point, but I bought five pencils this week and ended up deep-sixing 15 otherwise serviceable HB leads. I suppose any lead is better than none, but boy is it aggravating to have to toss away stuff that is new.I wish the pencil had come with some sort of cap, as I planned to carry it in a pocket. The point doesn't retract (which is good in my opinion as it means less to go wrong and less play in the works) so something has to be done to protect it during transport.Mine also came in a baggie with no extra erasers, which is a shame as none of the refill erasers I have on hand fit the socket.The biggest shortcoming of the GraphGear 500 in my opinion is that it doesn't self-feed. I'm still searching for an affordable self-feed pencil that combines the easy-to-use load method of this design with the self-feed of other designs such as the Ticonderoga sensematic.Even so, this is by far the best 0.7mm pencil in my collection so far. Four stars and recommended.These sheets are thick and exactly as described.  I ordered them for multiple uses, including making projects with my grandkids, and will order more as the price is great.this is an awesome product. nice texture and thickness for  many types of projects. Not to mention a great price too!This works well for any project where you need a little more sturdiness than paper.  The 65# is somewhere in thickness between paper and &#34;card stock&#34; or &#34;index&#34; as it's called which is 110#. I use the thicker 110# for making greeting cards, but this lighter card stock is fine for most things, even printing photos, and posters.Purchased this Card stock black paper, to do a personal project that needed the BEST paper we could find. We needed heavy, thick paper that could be crafted into part of our wedding invitations and not too expensive.Found this pack on Amazon, and it was so much cheaper than getting it at an office supply store or a craft store. Its not about the money, really, its about the quality  but it didnt hurt that we got amazing paper for half of what we would have in store!This worked out for us so well. very pleased!This is a great pack of solid black smooth cardstock. I use it for both scrapbooking and also to use as a mat for my mixed media projects in my portfolio. It's perfect because it's not too thick, it's archival, and it's smooth.Highly recommended.I'm using these to make cupcake boxes and it's a great quality cardstock. Folds nicely, cuts easily, and holds together well in a craft project.This is too thick for my laser printer to handle.  I was not able to feed it through the manual or auto feed.  But, my son loves to use it instead of more expensive art paper, and frankly, it works just as well or better than the more expensive art paper :)I LOVE THIS HANDS FREE SPEAKERPHONE.  THE BUTTONS ALSO HAVE LARGE NUMBERS WHICH ARE VERY EASY TO READI brought as a gift for my Dad who lives on the MS Gulf Coast(I live in Ohio).  During Hurricane Isaac 2012 my Dad's power went out and the phones he has needed power to function.  I wasn't able to contact him until his power was restored.  He is 87 years old and needed a phone that had big buttons and didn't require any external power requirements other than the DC power supplied by the land-line phone company.  He has it in his bedroom and if power is lost again he will be able to make and receive calls.  He didn't need the 13 number memory function this phone has so that wasn't a concern.  He told me he liked it and it worked great.The Northwestern Bell Big-Button Corded Phone Plus with 13-Number Memory was purchased for my 95-year old mother who wears hearing aids.  My existing phones made her hearing aids whistle when she raised the receivers to her ear, and if she held them below her ear to avoid the whistle, she couldn't understand the other party.  We chose this phone because both the hand-held receiver and the speaker phone had volume controls.  The phone arrived promptly and connected effortlessly.  It worked perfectly out of the box.  As an added bonus, she can hold it to her ears without causing her hearing aids to squeal.  She can hear everything clearly when using either the hand-held receiver or the speaker phone.  She is thrilled with the difference this has made to her life (her squealing hearing aids were painful enough to make her feel sick to her stomach.)  This is a wonderful phone for those with weak eyesight as the numbers are large and the keys have raised braille numbers.  But it is as great a gift for anyone who is hard of hearing.  I highly recommend this phone to everyone who is hard of hearing or who wears hearing aids.  If I could give a higher rating than five stars, I would gladly give it.Added Nov 30, 2012:  After I wrote the initial review, I purchased two more of these phones for Mom's house. They worked perfectly out of the box and were so easy to hook up that she did it herself.  And Mom is not a do-it-yourself kind of gal!hey what is there to say? its a phone! but i am verry happy with it it is easy to use - thank youMy mom had worn out her big button phone. She is legally blind so it's important she have one her limited vision can see. This is perfect! Volume levels adjustable so it's really good for her. It came before I expected and it was packaged very well. Seems brand new. Good Job!If you get a lot of paper across your desk, you might need something like this.  It allows you to quickly sort those new items and keep them somewhere convenient and easy to retrieve without going through your file cabinet.  It is alphabetic, made of heavy cardboard, and slightly oversized.  It is designed to expand pretty significantly- to about four inches in depth, so this will hold a lot of stuff.  IT's not designed for travel -  you'd need a porta-file for that purpose, but for general desktop organization, this is very useful.This file sorter is excellent for bills and things that only need to sit on you desk for a while, like bills or invoices, before getting filed away. It does not have a pocket or pouch, but it is expandable for stacking quite an amount of paper, and it is alphabetically labeled. So, instead of leaving paper in separate piles, I can keep everything in one stack and know where it is. It's quite durable and heavy. It is not flimsy. For long term use, I don't see a problem with it.I love the durability of this file sorter.  It is very well made and the red color really pops.  When you open it up, there is a perforated hole in between the pages so you can see if there are papers inside.  It is organized A-Z, but I wish that I had a choice on how to organize this the way I want to with different labels.The only other thing that I don't like about it is that the label on the outside I have to cover up with a label because it is so big and doesn't describe what is inside.Otherwise, this is a great product to have.  I love it, and will buy another.Sturdy, easy to flip through well-labeled sections. I teach and am using this to organize papers and it has been working exceedingly well. Note- these are just labeled sections. You could slip folders in there, but there is nothing folder-like about it. It is an incredible way to keep papers organized but it is not going to securely store them for you. It suits my needs perfectly though and is holding up to quite a bit of rough handling.I had expected this sorter to be of the accordion type with sides.  It does expand but there are no sides.  I suppose this is fine for a quite organization if you plan to move files elsewhere.  Without sides the potential for items to fall out is great.  Think carefully about your purpose before purchasing.  It your application would do better with sides, rather than an open file, look elsewhere.I have used one of these for years and mine was completely worn out. I was glad to receive one under the Vine program and test it. The one received is excellent and is great for keeping tab on my current papers. Like the hole in the center of the divider as sometimes receipts fall to the side or bottom and are easily overlooked. Good product and should last a long time.ADDENDUM----I have been using this file folder now for several months and frankly don't know how I did without this one. When bills, invoices, memos,etc arrive I review them and just file them in the folder and in a  month of so I empty the folder into the file cabinet. Now all of my incoming "stuff" is organized and I know exactly where it is at all times. This is the best item I have on my desk and it looks great even when almost full.Firstly, the product is great.  I find myself using it more and more, for more and more, as time goes on.  In my case, I don't use the dividers for anything other than keeping documents... papers... these days expensive consultants are call them artifacts, separated.  Up front I have a directory that tells me which project's artifacts (maybe someday I'll be an expensive consultant) are in which section.  However you use it, it will keep things neat, tidy, and compact.Now for the misleading parts...  These are not necessarily complaints and in one case the product comes out ahead of the listing, just things I think are worth noting.- It does have an A-Z index but it only has 20 dividers.  Wilson Jones, or in this case Wijsnono IJnonoes, accomplishs this by occasionally combining two or three letters in a single tab.  Most likely not a big deal to you but if you want to mind your P's and Q's separately then you had best look elsewhere.- The cover is flexible and mostly like cardboard covered with a glossy sealer.  If you plan to keep this at your desk then  it won't be a problem.  If you are planning on taking this out in the field and the field is damp then it will likely be ruined.- Each compartment can expand to about 1-1/2".  That means you can organize as much as 30", about a foot and a half, almost a yard, and definitely too much paper before you'll need to start making decisions about what to put somewhere else.- Even though it is a book and only closed on one side I'm finding there is no problem keeping it on a shelf.  As long as I put even moderate pressure on the front and back as I'm taking it down nothing slides out.I really love the Wilson Jones Desk File/Sorter. I ordered the Burgundy color and it is perfect for my filing system. It is very sturdy and the expandable bottom will hold a lot of papers. I put up the bulletin boards at church and laminate words, letters and pictures that I will use for the church organizations. Every month  several different organizations need a bulletin board.  I have a Bulletin Board file in my file cabinet and this folder is perfect for me to file alphabetically the papers for  the different &#34;boards&#34; that I put up.First off this sorter is very well made and the burgundy color looks great. But I wasn't sure how to use this product and most of the negative in this review is about that. In case you were wondering, this is not a binder. Nor does it have pouches for the individual folders. In other words, it's strictly a sorter and doesn't keep papers from falling out. There's a hole through each of the individual folders, but I'm not sure what you would do with that hole, or why it's there.So I'm not sure how you could use this other than to literally sort papers. But making sure the papers never fall out is up to you (like you'd have to use an external rubber band or something like that).Also, in case it matters, there are certain alphabets that are doubled up in one tab: IJ, NO, PQ, UV, and XYZ. All other tabs are individual alphabets.If you can figure out how to use this sorter, then go ahead and buy it. Otherwise, I wouldn't recommend it.This file sorter I use for my IMPORTANT paperwork. What I do is to file home, car and personal insurance papers inside and receipts of payments. Also, I file things like appliance purchase receipts, household repair receipts.One thing I want you to know is that while this sorter accommodates paperwork well, the papers will fall out so these two things I use to prevent that:1) File Folder Rubber Bands - I use ONE large thick rubber band to keep this folder closed. (There is no snap or closure on this so the pages will full open and papers fall out it the folder is knocked to the floor).2) Jumbo paper clip on each section to hold in the papers. I get the colorful vinyl coated ones.Need to file important papers, receipts, etc? This I suggest to you, especially for INSURANCE, MEDICAL and TAX papers...Highly recommend this!This looks nice, seems to be made to last, and serves an important function for me as a well-organized &#34;out box&#34; for documents that need to be filed away later in a more permanent location. I've been just stacking those documents in one place, and when it came time to file them away, it took a fair bit of time for me to sort everything. This way, I slip each document it into the Wilson Jones Favorite Desk File/Sorter under the appropriate letter (&#34;A&#34; for automobiles, &#34;B&#34; for bills, &#34;I&#34; for insurance, etc.), and once a month, I pick up the Sorter, go to the filing cabinets and quickly put everything where it belongs. Looks neater on the desk and saves me some time. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the price; you could probably finder a cheaper version, and the way I use it, it doesn't have to look this nice and be this durable, but I like the look and suspect it will last many years.I hate to file. This sorter really helps get my filing ready to be able to fly through filing my documents. I can take each alphabet and alphabetize the papers within that alphabet and put away. Saves me SO much time!Paper from edge to edge and now pockets in the Desk File / Sorter.  I am selling my house and buying another and this is a great way to organize all of my documents.  This could fit in a file cabinet, in a folder .... that might be one of the best uses for it.  Like a mini-file sorting system that is alphabetized.If you are looking for a stand-a-lone product that has pockets, this is not it.  Nice for what it does and probably best if you are actually working with documents that require the entire alphabet.  There is no way to change out the tabs (unless you re-label them with your own label).Simple concept that I doubt will be used exactly as it was meant to be.  I use it to sort important documents I will need access too over the next few months.  I don't expect the alphabet to be as useful for me ... but for others it is probably perfect.This product is very well made and is helping to get much better control over papers in my office. The price seemed high but this item is always more expensive than I like. Wilson Jones has been around forever and is a very good brand.This is a great filing solution for your document needs.  I use it at work to organize my work.  This is NOT a binder, but instead a folder system, which is alphabetized for your convenience, as well as color-coded.  There is a &#34;accordion-style&#34; storage on the other side to keep your documents tight and secure and to make sure you have that extra space when needed.  It is also very attractive and will encourage you to be more organized than ever.This is a nice, sharp, cardstock constructed organizer.  Basically a folder with A-Z dividers built in.These are great for certain projects that you need to keep organized.  The folder isn't too big, and if you need a long term large volume organizer, you should get a larger item.  I find this item is well suited for deadline type tasks, emptied monthly or quarterly.  Because of the little hole in each section, it's easy to make sure it's emptied, and even better suited to this sort of regular tracking task.  If you hang on to receipts, this is also a pretty good size.Even though it's cardstock, this is overbuilt and looks very nice.  I expect it to last forever.This Desk File/Sorter is a quality product. I like that there is ample room between each of the A-Z index dividers. Whether using it for temporary filing or long term, it is good.I love the 'red,' and not black or blue or some other office color.  The tabs are colored hard plastic, and the expansion is more than adequate.  Very good product.This Wilson Jones File/Sorter is carefully packed in with bubble wrap and arrived in excellent condition.  It's well constructed and sturdy without being bulky.  I've begun using to file and sort tenant leases. Each letter divider can take a reasonable amount of paper, so that even as the divider fills up and expands it continues to feel like it will last well.I have all manner of pocket accordion files that could be put to similar purpose, but I've always found them unwieldy on the desktop.This product, placed upright in a file holder, has helped me clear my desk of dozens of scientific papers, all files by author now, without having to create individual files and labels.After I off-loaded those papers to a more permanent home, I used this sorter to clear my desk of all the pesky "follow-up" papers on my desk, mostly singletons. For example, the estimate from the tree-trimmer went under "T" and a question on the cable bill went under "C."  Now they can be found quickly and without needing separate files of their own.The desk file/sorter is made of sturdy, coated paper with expansion to one-foot or more, apparently double-glued.Handy!This is not at all what I thought it was going to be - in a word, something really useful. I suppose I imagined something with rings, like a binder. This &#34;device&#34; is useful to an extent - for example, sorting loose paperwork on your desktop, but isn&#8217;t useful if you need to carry that paperwork with you. There is nothing that will keep the paperwork from slipping out of the sorter other than the pressure of your palm. So for something you leave on your desk, it works great&#8230; for carrying around, not so much.I really do not see many applications for this so-called file sorter as there are other, better ways to sort papers. You can't even set this thing upright without the risk of things falling out and if you're going to run that risk why not just use an expanding file folder that will at least keep things where they're supposed to be, or stacks of plastic trays? I suppose it's a matter of preference, but really, I don't get it, and the three stars is me being generous.The Wilson Jones Favorite Desk File/Sorter is a sturdy, attractive burgundy folder. It is organzied with A-Z tabs, each with a hole in its center. The hole doesn't seem to serve much use since the tabs are pretty accessible for gaining access to each section but the holes don't hinder the design either. For tabletop organization of your receipts and bills as they come in, this organizer is helpful and handy. What I find lacking are folds/flaps to secure the papers within each alphabetical section. If the book falls, everything will tumble out. However, for tabletop use, this is a nice alternative to loose papers lying about.I had a specific use in mind for this file/sorter when I ordered it. I needed something that could sort my papers alphabetically. This sorter/file has very heavy stock pages with colored plasticized alpha tags on the pages.I am using this not just for sorting but for storing papers. Since the file is larger than the letter size sheets of paper I need to file, this works quite well. The file is expandable and opens like a book. If need be, I could use a band or two to keep papers from falling out if I am going to take the file someplace.This is a quality product, and it serves my needs quite well.The Wilson Jones Favorite Desk File/Sorter is solidly build and pretty roomy.  It's hard to tell from the photos, but the spine of the folder opens up like an accordion so it will fit a large number of documents.  Unfortunately, it doesn't come with any way to actually secure the documents so I had to buy a set of large, file folder bands to strap the sorter shut to make it it more portable.  It's easiest to just keep it flat on your desk or tucked away with the spine facing down to make sure that your files don't fall out.Overall, it's a nice-looking file folder, but I feel it wouldn't be hard to find a better organizer for the same price.I received the burgundy color desk file/sorter. It is well made (hard cardboard cover) and is great for organizing in the office (where I use it). It does not have a rubber band type device (to wrap around it)  to stop papers from falling out, but it is well made and durable and that is what I look for in a product. Four stars for this product as I am already putting it to good use.This is a heavy-duty desk accessory.  It is a simple concept and there is nothing high tech about an expandable tool that holds your paperwork in an organized manner to keep your desk clean and efficient.  I thought it was of superior quality and should last for years.The previous sorters I've seen look kind of awkward to have around, like this--C-Line General Purpose Plastic Sorter, Letter Size, 32 Divisions, 3 x 23-1/2 Inches, Blue (30532). What if, after you've sorted, you don't have time to file or process the items right away? Where are you going to put the alphabetized pile of stuff, considering that you don't want the papers knocked out of place before you can get back to it? This sorter solves the problem by keeping everything contained within a notebook-like cover.I recently went through a backlog of mail using this sorter, and it was a big improvement over my previous method. Usually I spread things out on a tabletop, in piles by category-it takes up a lot of space! This time I tucked things right into the sorter, using letters to designate my categories, like B for bills, R for bank statements to be reconciled, F for filing, and so forth. Then I was able to put everything aside neatly until I was ready to work on paperwork again.After trying some similar types of organizers from Mead, my only complaint about this one is that it seems a bit old-fashioned. The cover is made of a kind of coated pressed board that I seem to remember from my childhood, and I'm no youngster. The corners were already bumped when I received it. It's sturdy enough, but I don't think it's going to stay looking as nice as the plastic covers on the Mead products. Also, the Mead organizers come with elastic closures, which make for easier transport. Nonetheless, I'd recommend it and would purchase another one if need be, as a replacement or for use by another family member.The Wilson Jones File/Sorter is a useful item to help organize the clutter on your desk. It falls somewhere in between a plain old manila folder and one of those expanding accordion file boxes (with it looking far less tacky). Your clutter level may vary, so getting one of these may encourage you not to keep so many papers around.I have delayed purchasing a Sorter like this, mostly because of the price, and also because it seemed there was always something I needed more for my home office.  I was wrong about needing something more.  This item has helped me keep track of unfiled papers and 'to do items' they used to be strewn and/or stacked in piles all over my office.  Now when I have pending items or items awaiting filing I can separate and pre-file and keep the stacks down to one.  I can quickly flip through the dividers and find what I need and check to see what is pending.The index is A-Z, but using my 'own' filing needs as a guide, I use the item with a bit different categories.  If you need 'A-Z' you are in immediate business.  If you need other divisions, just 'make up your own', figure out the separation, and in no time your desk and office can be neat and tidy and you can be better organized. I am a filing procrastinator and a stacker of 'until the deadline arrives' paper work.  Or, I was until I ordered this Wilson Jones Desk File/Sorter through Amazon's Vine Program.The item is well made and should last a good long time.  Other than the price, which is a bit high for me, even considering how helpful the Wilson Jones File/Sorter has been, there is nothing else about this item that I would consider a negative.  If you are in need of file/sorter I can recommend this one with question.Sturdy, holds a lot of pages, helped me keep track of papers that need more immediate attention. Great product, thxvery well assembled, and sturdylots of pocketsexactly what i was looking for to organize my desk from the clutter of random papersnow, my tax prep person won't hate me!recommended for people, like myself, who just don't know where to file certain papersthis definitely cures the problemI've been using this file/sorter notebook to assist with organizing sales and purchase receipts. It's sturdy and minimalist in its design.It fits easily on a desk, and has adequate space for alphabetization; the tabs and covers are well-made and reenforced. I would purchase this item again, and have found it to work perfectly for my needs.[Good]The quality is nice. The paper feels good and sturdy, and the tabs are easy to read and use. It has a great feel overall.Useful: It is nice to have a mini paper organizer. I have a few temporary papers that tend to clutter my desk. This fixes the problem.[Ok]This is not meant for long term organization. How can you tell? None of the folders within have pockets. I don't mind this, but this will annoy some people.[Bad]Aesthetics: I like nice looking things. This folder could look nicer than it is. I wish that there wasn't huge cheesy lettering on top that says &#34;Favorite DeskFile / Sorter&#34; in a crappy font. The bottom right corner conveys this well enough in a nicer font. The huge top lettering makes the folder seem cheaper than it is. Wilson Jones should understand that less is more. They would also save money per folder if they removed the crappy title text on the top.[Verdict]This is a great paper organizer for monthly bills or other things that tend to clutter desks.Expandable Desk File Sorter offers a quick, convenient and professional organization for on the go or as a sturdy temporary filing system, great for household bills, or small business invoices and receipts.My nephew is living on his own at age 19.  Being computer-literate, he keeps everything on electronic record.  However, I clued him in on life's basics - some people do not trust nor appreciate electronic records.  Only a hard copy on paper would satisfy such people.  This WJ organizer is an excellent means of organizing and maintaining paper copies.He modified the format a bit by creating paper and tape pockets on specific pages for a more secure storage of receipts.The youngster agrees - Wilson Jones, in addition to a scanner and printer, have made his adult life a bit easier.The cover in this is very sturdy and so are the divider pages. The accordion finding looks like it will hold up for a while. Great sorter to have on hand.I'll admit that I should have read the description more closely, I'm saying that straight off.  I thought I was getting a nice binder with pockets and bright colored index tabs that I could use to sort my important papers that I want to keep on hand without worrying about them falling out of the pockets.What I received was a well made binder that has pages in it with tabs on them.  You still have to use files with this, so basically it's supposed to be a filing cabinet I think?  I'm not sure what the benefit of it is, other than a way to sort of keep a bunch of manilla file folders corralled in one place.  Nicer than snapping a rubber band around them.  But it doesn't secure the folders or files in any way, there are no pockets.  Also, the tabs are already labeled with a letter of the alphabet, so there's no personalization at all.  The front is pre-printed with the words &#34;Wilson Jones Favorite Desk File/Sorter A-Z Index&#34; etc on the front, so it's not that attractive either.Cons:  Everything abovePros:  It's made of good materials, looks like it would hold up well for, well whatever it's meant to be used for.Yeah baby!  OK, maybe that a little over the top for a filing aid, but hey, it's a lifesaver in the modern day paper avalanche.  Paperless office, yeah, right.  Less paper maybe but we all have some paper in the home, office, or put in the field.  If most of yours is &#34;letter size&#34; this sorter can really help you keep it under control.  The cover is nice looking but durable, even water resistant, so if it does get a bit grubby, you can wipe it clean.  It's oversized to protect your records but still small enough to fit Ina briefcase or desktop with ease. The spine is accordion style, with plenty of room in each section for at least 100 pages or more. The colored letter tabs are vinyl coated so they should stand up to heavy use and remain crisp and legible.  I got the burgundy, it's more of a red, elegant, not boring or brassy.  I've been looking for this type of sorter for a while now.  They were all cumbersome or heavy or just plain too pricey.  I finally reporter to making my own! This one fills the bill nicely.  A few tips for your home office: if you hate to file you probably procrastinate and end up with a stash of papers before too long.  Keep this where you open your mail, toss the trash and immediately file the rest in the sorter.  It'll be readily available when you need it, is portable, and if you NEVER get around to putting paper in the file cabinet, then once a year you can go through and file what has to be kept longer than a year and put the rest straight in archive.  In fact, get a couple of these and you may not even need a file drawer.  Love it.  I'm order a couple more right now.This is a sturdy index -- not hard cover by any means, but the material is rugged and will last a long time. For what they are, these sorters aren't cheap, so it's nice to have one that will last. It should.Just to alert you, the header describes that this is an A-to-Z sorter. That's exactly what it is. But the product description might give one the impression that it can be an A-to-Z or 1 thru 31 sorter. It can't do that; it isn't customizable. That's a different product (probably of the same good quality, but I wouldn't know).Enjoy!Its rather fancy for a device to clear cluttered papers off your desk. They call them &#34;sorters&#34; and I guess that's right, but I think of these odd tools as Pre-Filers. You have a stack of crap on your desk you need to file. You sit this in your lap, and sort the stuff into the &#34;sorter&#34; and take them to the files and file from the sorter. Not too many people need to do that. Even less need it to look good.  But, if you are in real estate or law, or some other public place of business where fancy sells, this is a nice sorter that looks great. If you just need to sort - you can find it cheaper and less pretty.This file sorter is handy for my office desktop. I used it to contain the clutter of papers that were related to items on my daily to-do list.What I liked:- It expands to hold a lot of papers.- There are alphabetized tabs.- Tabs are laminated, so they won't get dog-eared right away.- Made of sturdy hardboard cover, and heavy paper dividers.What I didn't like:- I wish I could change the tabs. I didn't really use the letters.- There are no pockets, so it's fine for keeping papers on a desktop, not so much for carrying around.I was confused as to what the 1 inch circle hole was for on each divider page. Perhaps it's part of some great feature that wasn't explained in the packaging. Inquiring minds want to know.This item is similar to a book with an A-Z index....it has no sides on it so your papers can fall out.  It does expand but not nearly as much as what I wanted it to.  Some people said it holds a lot of paper but I guess I'm picky.  I wanted it to hold more than it does.  Having said that, it is very durable and should last you a very long time when treated well.  (If it's abused, it won't last as long.)It's a little bigger than a letter sized folder so be careful if you want to put it somewhere like a container, drawer or file holder.  Compare the dimensions of this item to the item you want to use it in.I thought this would be an expandable folder, but it's more of an open sorter. If you drop it, things can fall out of it so I'd probably pass this one up for one that protects my paperwork better. It's a very nice, sleek design and the colors are great, but I'd be more likely to leave it at my desk than carry it around.This is such a wonderful product for the office and its design is what makes it really special. Instead of burrowing into a cabinet, you have an elegant volume of your most important papers and files easy to access and store. Your life will be so much easier with it, and it's really attractive and colorful!Sturdy, compact (yet expands to hold a fair amount), holds up well. Beyond that, it works as advertised. Good organization if you need alphabetized sorting.I may have a month or two (*cough*) of paperwork that has gotten away from me.  When I don't have time to file properly I tend to toss papers into a box and plan to file them later.  It's finally later, and all this junk has to be sorted.I've been grabbing a handful of papers, resting this sorter on my lap, and sorting straight into the sorter.  It's like having a tiny filing cabinet that's easy to work with and that travels to wherever the papers need to go.  When it gets fairly full, I transfer the papers into separate file folders in two out-of-the-way filing cabinets.  I could try to stand at one cabinet, balance the papers on my arm, and switch back and forth between cabinet drawers, but this way is MUCH easier and faster.  And unlike the cabinets it's portable, so it can be stationed near the caffeine.The sorter expands quite a lot, so I've never completely filled a compartment yet, even with many months worth of papers.  When I clear the paperwork out of the sorter it returns back to its original slim thickness.  (There's another life skill *I* need.)  It's sturdy enough so that I've never had it bend or spill when it's full of papers and envelopes, even though the sides are open.So far I've only used it for sorting, not for long-term storage, so I don't know how well it will hold up to that.  But it works well enough for sorting that I'll probably get some kind of upright file holder and keep it on my desk for that purpose.  If sorting a mess of paperwork looks as hopeless to you as it did to me about a month ago, this might be helpful in getting organized.When I ordered this product, I thought it was an expandable file with sides on it. It does not have sides to keep papers from falling out. So, do not expect it to be expandable to contain papers like a box bottom hanging file is.Once you know what it's not, you may like is for what it is. The bottom of the file sorter is very expandable, so this can organize a LOT of papers. It is a file sorter kind of like having a bunch of letter size manila box bottom folders attached at the bottom. The construction of the Wilson Jones file/sorter is much more durable than a traditional manila file though. It should last through many years of use.One other thing to note - the dimensions. The file/sorter is slightly larger than a standard letter size folder. Check the dimensions of the drawer or file you intend to use this file/sorter in before purchasing. The file/sorter was a bit large for the drawer I have hanging files in. However, it works great in the portable file box I use.This paper sorter does expand and it's sturdy enough to be used for years to come. My only objection to it is that the color is a little outdated. The sorter could look a little brighter and that would make it even better. However, it serves its purpose perfectly, allowing me to sort articles I print out and easily locate the one I need at any given time.Oh perfect!  My husband's home office desk was an explosion of documents everywhere, set up in little piles.  I tried to get him to use a filing cabinet but no deal.  Here comes this item, non-threatening and sits on the desk.  Now his desk is neat even if there is one pile remaining.Initially, I thought I would really not like the missing sides on this file sorter. However, with use, I've discovered that if there were sides on here it would not be near as useful as it is without them!I love this folder because I can keep it on my desk as a &#34;to-do&#34; folder, but one that is organized instead of just a bottomless pit of to-do. I also tried to use this in my filing cabinet for my current folders I have, but I already had them in order and I feel this was just a little redundant. On the desk or in an office is a better location for this file sorter.I have a filing cabinet, but wanted something for files I work with frequently every day. I thought this would work well because it's smaller and would keep my files "at hand." It doesn't work as well as I'd like, though, due to the design. My papers tend to fall out too easily, causing me to spend more time reorganizing. Great idea, but needs a little more thought regarding the design.Nice file system but papers fall out too easily. One false move and everything falls out because the sides are open. I would love the product if the sides were enclosed. I want to use it yo stay organized for taxes but rubber bands or clips will need to be used or I foresee all my filing efforts will be negated if this falls on the floor or out of my hand. Very nice quality materials.There's no surprises here.  It's exactly as it says.  A alphabetical divider for filing purposes.  I'm always trying to organize my paperwork at home in some manner until I get around to filing.  I've put all the paper into a nice decorative box, but then have to separate everything before I can file it.  It's kind of a hassle.  This file sorter allows you to separate everything right when you get it.  Now, when I get ready to file everything is sorted and ready to go into their separate file folders.The cover and inside divider pages are a heavy cardboard, which should stand up to years of use. The tabs are plastic and shouldn't tear.The only reason I did not give this five stars is because the long side is not accordion, thus limiting the amount of paper you can put into the sorter before it needs to be emptied.This is a professional looking desk file/sorter that really comes in handy for me. It holds a good amount of documents, papers and letters and looks good doing so.I use this on my desk to file away documents, papers and letters that I eventually will put in filing cabinets.  Prior to this I had a couple of plastic file holders but I had no way of organizing the stuff I put in them and they started to look really messy after a while.  With this I can organize the documents and letters I eventually need to file in a form that makes it much easier when I file them.The file/sorter holds more than I thought it would.  I can go a couple of weeks before I have to empty it and file whatis inside. It has held up well for the past month and seems like it should last.This file/sorter makes my desk look more organized. It also saves me time when I go to file the documents, papers and letters in it.I use this folder to store bills, it does its job and is very sturdy for a paper type material. Im sure with care, it can last a few years. I do not utilize the alphabetical index, so I cannot comment on that. It's a great organizer/folder. No complaints.I use mine to store all my bills by name and my collector sheets of stamps. It works great for that. I was hoping that this had sides on it, but, it didn't so hence the 4 stars. It is sturdy paper and will probably last my lifetime if used with common sense.Martha Stewart, Simple magazine, and all the other home style mavens will tell you all the fabulous ways they can think of to get organized.  And all of their organization aids come with FABULOUS covers, etc. or you can hire someone to come and organize your life, blah, blah, blah...Let's be honest.  You can hire someone to get you organized, but that takes a LOT OF MONEY.  And unless they perform brain surgery on you and wipe clean that slate of bad habits, in six months your investment is down the toilet.  And those &#34;fancy&#34; organizing tools with the fancy fabrics and modern design and start at $59?  You don't need them.This is a basic alpha-tab accordion organizer with a bright RED cover.  I know its says burgundy, but its RED.And its under $25.  And it WORKS if you do.  Simply take a pile of papers and sort them any logical way that works for you.  Or you can use the durable tabs and do it alphabetically.  Do it when you watch some TV for all I care, but get into the habit of sorting your stuff.  That red - looks snazzy, doesn't it.  Hard to lose, too.So you do a little each day - sort and file.And you when you open this up, you'll see that section divider has a huge circle punched out.  Why?  So when you are going through this, you don't leave something behind that you meant to file.  How simple is that?THEN file the stuff you want to keep, and shred the garbage you don't need.Like I said, NO amount of fancy decorator items or professional organizers can fix your habits - YOU have to fix those.  But this is a simple tool that you can use to start to change you and the way your approach your stuff and your clutter.Its well built, durable and its affordable.  And besides, WILSON JONES has been in business for eons, so they know how to design this stuff.  So buy it.This sorter is more ideal to be kept sideways in a file drawer than to be kept on a desk top because it has no pockets and papers could fall out if used as a notebook. There is a hole in each file so you can see through to the next file that has a paper in it. This is of incredibly high quality materials and is very sturdy and should last the buyer many years. It allows paperwork to be filed in alphabetical order by tab and can be taken with you if needed. I just wish they had made the product with pockets or side guards so when it was portable the papers would be safe from falling out if dropped or carried wrong. Excellent item for alphabetical filing.This file organizer is heavily made and adaptable for many individual uses.  It's available in either alphabetical (the one I got) or numbered sections.  The sections are also color coded for both visual aid and categorizing ease.  I put mine in a plastic, file sized box to help my son organize his bills and important papers and it is working well.  Of course this fits a regular file drawer as well, and you can add additional folders to better separate or contain your papers if needed.  It expands substantially to fit your needs, at least 12 inches or more overall.It does not have enclosed sides so that you aren't limited to a certain paper size but this doesn't "contain" the papers well for transporting, if that is what you need.  This is more for just organizing on a desk or in a drawer.It appears to do what it was designed for very well and is well made so should last.  I'm quite pleased with it's performance so far.Made of sturdy material, this file sorter has alphabetized tabs, and an accordion bottom for expansion. However, each space probably won't hold more than a single file with about 10 sheets of paper each, so it should be considered as a temporary file sorter only, and not a permanent filing method. Perfect for the desktop, or briefcase. I give this 5 Stars and a big Thumbs Up!First this is a very well made product. It's sturdy and looks nice. Where it falls short for me is 1) It's not customizable at all so it's usage is pretty limited. 2) There's nothing to keep your papers inside the file. Perhaps an enclosed bottom would limit it's expandability...  To be clear I did not remove any stars for the above statements since it does exactly what the product description says it will do.  I did remove one because it is pretty expensive for what it does.When I opened the package and saw this file, I was worried.  The dividers are just that, dividers.  There's nothing on them to hold papers inside, no pockets or pouches.  But the weight of the dividers tends to keep papers secure.  You can't toss this file around and expect your things to stay inside, but with normal handling it should actually serve you pretty well.  The file itself is surprisingly expandable, and the dividers are alphabetically labeled.  I wish there'd been an option to relabel them, but it's not a bad sorting method.This is good for desktop use, to keep papers neat and at hand.  I wouldn't consider it for anything long term.I've used a number of file sorters, but never one like this.  This is basically 30 manila folders bound together with bellows in the bottom of each file.  Each file expands to an inch or more at the bottom. A more typical folder system like this has enclosed sides.  This doesn't.  So as others have noted, stuff could fall out of this rather easily.  I imagine it would be very easy for items to fall out if there were a lot of papers and you actually used the expanding bellows.  So this is definitely a desk item, something you don't want to move around too many places.  Or, if you do move it around, keep it in a case of some kind so that stuff doesn't fall out.I don't want to fault this item for something it isn't.  I'd personally prefer enclosed sides.  However, I'm sure there others who don't want this and would like a file/sorter system that opens up sort of like a book as this does.I tend to be a highly organized person, and recent life events have me getting a bunch of paper work organized. As a result, I thought I would give this product a try. Unfortunately, I don't necessary like the design, but I think it depends on how you use it.Calling the &#34;burgundy&#34; is a stretch. It's red. I wish the text on the lower right-hand corner of the front cover were smaller or placed inside the cover. The cardboard is very heavy, but can still be torn. The cover is pressed with a texture.There are 20 tabbed pockets, labeled with the alphabet. The following are doubled-up: I+J, N+O, P+Q, U+V, and X+Y+Z. While I understand why some of them are doubled-up, I wish they were all separated, because it makes filing actually a bit confusing.What I don't like about this folder is that the sides aren't sealed. From my perspective, this is meant to be used in one of two ways. You can either leave it on the desk, and place items into the appropriate tab and close it. Or, you can place it into a deep desk drawer, and drop papers into the appropriate tabs, although the letters aren't really positioned for that use, since they would be sideways at that point.The folder does expand quite a bit, so even if you had it lying on your desk, you could probably add quite a few documents to it. It's basically an according design, and seems to expand comfortably to about 10 inches. Of course, it would become difficult to move at that point, without potentially spilling its contents. You really need to be mindful that the sides are opened.Will I use this? Yes. Is it what I wanted? Mostly, but I think it could be a bit better. I wish it were more durable, that the tabs were completely unique for each letter, and that the sides were sealed. It's not bad, but could be better.Well made and durable with nice color and waterproofing.  I use the file for student grade sheets.  It serves my needs perfectly.  Price is fine for the quality and usability of the product.  The file stays on my desk, so I don't worry about the contents spilling out of the sides, but that might be an issue for others.I keep this on the corner of my desk, and that is where it lives day to day! This has helped me keep track of my bills and important papers and access them when needed.  The book is made thick paper, and expands to hold a bunch of papers.It has sorting tabs from A to Z, for quick.easy filing! It easier than having a file cabinet or a box/drawer you chuck the papers in that you have to dig through when its time to pay bills! The pricing is a little high, but could see it lasting a while with the way it is constructed!Features:1)This sorter organizes all documents, letters, important papers with A-Z tab or 1-31 index styles.2) It is easy to store docs in this sorter and remove as and when we want them.3) It is acrylic-coated cover and is durable and water resistant. The burgundy color also looks pleasant.4) It is made in such a way that it can be used  over a long period of time without much ware-outs.5) Compartments in file expand up to 1.5 inches to provide extra storage spaceThe packing was amazing, very good quality, little bit big, but that's fine I'm 6'4&#34; very high quality, has a little bit sharp edge, but I'm sure it'll be gone once I start using it. very happy with it!Got it on time, I wasn't expecting it to be this quick!I bought this to hold two keys for my delivery vehicle which I start about 150 times a day as well as opening the bulk head door. This card reel wasn't made for this but is handling the job pretty well so far. The cord is sturdy and should handle an ID badge no problem.This product is high quality and is meant for lots of use. I need this on my belt to use my ID to open doors. Very high quality clip that wont fall off my belt. Good purchase!I am pleased with the design and heavy duty material but the reel feels very "sticky" as it gets stuck while retracting the cord.  I've owned a few ID holders like this one which are made of plastic and at much cheaper price, but they all worked better than this one.  Unless your main concern is the looks, I would not recommend this item.Works great! What can I say, it does what a card reel is supposed to do. Works so much better than the plastic ones.I have learned the hard way over the years not to skimp on binders.  Cheap ones simply do not last long enough and you wind up spending as much or more on frequent purchases.  I really like the binder portion being on the back of the product, so you are able to get more papers in it and the paper doesn't bow up as much when it is not full.  Having 4 pockets instead of 2 is also a nice add-on, along with the plastic covering that allows you to easily change the cover and edge with the actual contents.  I did knock 1 star off the review because the triangular part that is typically included with binders larger than 1" in size is not included.  This is typically used to keep the first page from sticking to and/or peeling off onto the binder itself.  Lastly, although this is not a comment concerning the quality and value of the product, I was surprised when I opened the box.  The binder I received appeared to have been exposed to a very dusty and dirty environment and was quite filthy. Whomever put the product in the box should have been aware of this and not sent the product in this shape.  While I was able to clean it up without any permanent damage, it was still surprising to receive a product in this condition.This large, medium/heavy-duty binder is great for frequently accessed documents.  I'm using mine for a collection of frequently-used business documents.Each inside cover has two small document folders, but most of your stuff will live on the large rings, which are mounted to the back cover to help the pages lay flat when you open and close it.This binder has been getting regular use for a week and no signs of fatigue so far.This is a large D-ring binder. It has the usual three rings, and metal levers on the top and bottom of the inside of the spine, to aid in opening and closing the rings. The case (or binding) folds out completely flat--front, back, and spine--which aids in paging through the large volume of paper this binder will hold. There are two plastic pockets each on the back and front of the inside of the case, for inserting a few loose documents. I'd give the binder five stars, except that the case is not very sturdy. As usual it is plastic-covered cardboard. The cardboard is not heavy enough, and my binder arrived with both the front and back of the case crumpled so deeply in shipping that it is unusable.A great binder that rolls with the punches.  I keep this in my kitchen and use it to hold recipes and it puts up with the constant use, as well as the spills that inevitably land on it.  Just wipe it clean and tuck it away for the next time.While I did find the E-Z Turn a huge ease. I felt that opening the rings were too stiff. I findthat with binders the problem it two fold. The turn of the page and the stiffness in openingthe rings. This product would have been perfect if they had combined the E-Z Ring concept with theE-Z open concept. There are some binders that have a sliding bar to make it easy to open and this would have really made this product 5 stars. The product includes 4 nice inner pockets and you couldslide magazines into which is very handy.I first thought that this is just a binder, what on earth can I say about a binder?  Well it turns out that this binder has additional features that put it above your average binder.First, this binder has a gap free guarantee.  The rings come together with a peg in a hole, instead of the teeth that other binders have.  This makes the pages flow smoothly without getting caught, plus your pages won't come out.  They call it the EZ-Turn Ring.Second, this binder had the rings attached to the bottom flap instead of in the middle.  This allows it to hold more paper and again flow more smoothly.Third, this binder is longer than your average binder, so you can put tab dividers in without the tabs sticking out.Fourth, there are 4 pockets in this binder instead of the standard 1 or 2.Fifth, this binder's chipboard is made of 100% recycled content, with 80% being post consumer waste.  That makes this an environmentally friendly binder as well!There are 2 reasons I give this 4 instead of 5 stars.  First, as mentioned by other reviewers, it isn't the easiest to open.  The Heavy Duty binder has the easy open with one touch feature, but this one doesn't.  Second, I think that all binders should come with the curved plastic guides that keep the pages from sticking to the cover.I would recommend this binder, or upgrade to the Heavy Duty binder.As others have noted, the design of the rings on this binder make a huge difference in allowing them to remain closed and minimizing pages getting caught or torn. I especially like the extra interior pockets as well as the ability to insert a cover sheet in the clear sleeve on the front. For those of us who still use binders, these little things make a huge difference. A great improvement on a product that does not usually get much attention. Thanks Avery!This is a fine quality binder in my opinion.  I have had junky binders in the past I could not stand, but this is not one of those.  However, its not like a binder has a ton of fancy features to write a review about.  If you need a binder, this will work fine.Avery is the only brand of binder that I purchase.  Other so-called heavy duty or durable binders don't last.  This binder has the "D" shaped rings for ease of page turning and the 4 stacked pockets which is always needed with binders. It has the clear plastic "view" cover so you can slide an insert into the cover for labeling. Another thing I like about Avery's binders is that they don't have that nasty plasticy smell of other no-name binders.Excellent binder which has 2 side pockets to put things in.  There is extra space between the rings of the binder and the binding itself so it closes beautifully.  It is virtually indestructible and will easily hold 500 pages.  I gave it only 4 stars because I wish it had more side pockets or a spot to store a cd.  I also wish there was a spot for a label on the binding.I really like the additional "pocket" on the inside of each cover.  This binder is lightweight yet durable.  I like that the rings close neatly into themselves rather than those claw-type rings.  The shape of the rings makes turning pages much easier.  I especially like that the binder is wider so that dividers do not hang over the side.  Printed material can be organized better with having extra pockets but print is still transferred.  Print can also be transferred in the clear-view covers so I am going to laminate my inserts first.I like this binder.  It's opening mechanism is smooth and easily done with only one hand...actually, one finger of one hand.  I also like the way at the "D" shaped rings are mounted on the back cover rather than on the spine.  This makes page turning much smoother, and when you close the binder pages don't tend to get caught between the ring and the cover like they do when you use a binder with the rings mounted on the spine.The size and weight are good for larger projects, though I don't know that I'd call this binder "heavy duty."There are two slip pockets front and back for loose sheets of paper, and that's handy as well.All in all this is a great binder (not that binders make anyone's world go around, but you really do know when you are trying to work with a low-quality binder, which this one is not.5 stars."I'm Avery Woman!" -- said probably no one, but it made me chuckle.From the man who brought you "the trees are all the right height" and "That's a big lava lamp, congratulations," now comes binders of women.As an Obama supporter, the one thing that comforts me as the polls look dicey is the idea that our very worst case scenario is 4 years of incredibly bizarre and awkward statements by a dude who thinks about people in terms of three ring binders.Sure, Romney won't be cracking open any cold beers, but he will be cracking open a sweet binder or two of women.Rando thought: are these binders of women like pop up books, like the women kind of emerge in 3D out of the middle?Have I given this way too much thought?If you are reading this, go canvass or phone bank in a swing state! Do it for the binders! They'll thank you. Plus you know, you'll still have access to contraception and there won't be a dude who believes that women shouldn't be able to terminate a pregnancy after they've been raped or the freaking victim of incest a heart beat away from the presidency.Find a swing voter and tell them to get off the swing set, cause this ain't horsing around time. Are they wearing binders? Like horse binders? Like ballet horse binders?It's important to choose the right binder if one is going to have a binder full of women! As a woman I'm grateful the binder has already been chosen by the same wonderful candidate that wants to choose what I can do with my body.. I was confused with all my choices and when I found out Big Bird was the yellow demon who sucked our coffers dry and caused our national deficit I realized how clueless I am.Happily there is a solution for my silly confusion, all those choices, why fiddle dee dee, who needs those? Now I know  about the binder of women that I can happily join and never have to bother my silly little head with those decisions better left to big strong men. I do declare, tomorrow is another binder!and what a binder! Lets talk about why this binder is so wonderful!1. Durable construction is ideal for frequent reference-I won't feel ignored because this binder can stand up to my being frequently referenced! It's durable!2. Gap Free ring prevents gaping and misalignment of ringsThank goodness I won't be misaligned, since I can't afford a chiropractor! Who needs medical care? This binder  solves my back issues! And no gaping, genius! I've been looking for a bra for years to keep myself from gaping, who knew "binding" was the answer?3. Wide front and back binder panels fully cover standard dividers and sheet protectorsThis just shows women of all sizes are welcome in the binder full of women, it's wide in the front and back!4. Four interior pocketsFor women who refused to be ringed! There are options!5. Pages lie flat with back-mounted ringsTalk about reaching across the aisle? Learning from previous presidents how important it is for pages to lay flat, this binder of women takes everything into consideration and solves problems I would never have even thought of!PROS:+ Sturdy, holds up well in a bookbag+ D-rings that make the pages easy to turn+ 4 inside pockets for when you have papers without holes+ Clear plastic sleeve on cover and back, for labeling and whatnot+ Tabs don't stick out; they're protected from being mashed or tornCON:- Rings are a little stiff to openBOTTOM LINE:I will buy this style for my kids when it's the dread Back to School supply time.This binder is large, durable and best of all SUPER CHEAP compared to similar items at office supply stores. Love the EZ-turn ring and pockets on the inside.Definitely a must-buy for the price.I use this type of binder for many things, recipes, ammunition loads, reference and directions to tools and appliances. I use page protectors. They come in very handy and with the use of tabs most all information will be at your finger tips. As with most Avery products the quality and price are quite a good purchase. With this product being 2 inch capacity it hold quite a lot of material. I highly recommend this binder.I've been using one of these for about a year, and with weekly use it has held up well.The pages don't hold up so well, Id like for them to have included a page turn protector or whatever its called with the binder.This is as indicated on the front of the binder, indeed durable. I have been using these for some time for projects and they work very well and I will look for them again.Each school year I find myself buying a score more replacement binders because those purchased the prior year have been destroyed. I have finally realized that the extra money spent on Avery products actually saves me dollars in the end. Some of the cheaper binders don't even last six months around here. Not worth the money or the headache.This 2" binder is sturdy, closes nicely, is long enough so that the divider tabs don't stick out the side and has "ez-turn rings" so pages turn smoothly. The rings open easily enough and snap closed nicely. Inside are four pockets into which you can slip files or extra papers.A good quality binder.I've always been a big fan of Avery binders, and this one continues the tradition.  They have little things like teeth on the rings to prevent them from moving when closed, a lock to prevent you from dropping it and have the contents spill everywhere, and a D-shaped ring to put less stress on the pages and making them easier to turn.  Also, the "clip" part of the binder is on the back side rather than the edge making a very full binder much easier to close.  Avery continues to make binders better than the bargain brands, and I'd say that they are totally worth the money!! Highly recommended!Avery products are always top notch, but nothing can compare to their premium notebooks that open with just one tab and close with the same, but this comes very close.  The tabs take only a little bit of effort to work, but what I really like is that for a binder this price, the rings stay firmly clamped shut.  I got quite a few of these to use at work where I teach high school girls with learning disabilities and emotional issues; I keep copies of their mainstream class notes in my own notebook so that if they lose or forget them, they have a copy, and I can go over their notes with them and explain what they don't understand.  So I collect a lot of notes and needed more than the one inch binders that I had, so I bought these and I'm very happy with them.  My students are overwhelmed that I purchased them out-of-pocket for their use and really do appreciate it.  The binders are sturdy, clasp well, and were in excellent condition when I received them.  If I know Avery products, I shall have these for a very long time.  I definitely recommend them for anyone who does not wish to spend the money on the premium Avery binders.I got these for less than $3/ea at the time through amazon.  What a stellar price.  Wish I ordered a lot more!  They are durable, hold a ton, easy to fill, and hold securely.  I will be ordering more in the future.A couple of years ago, I purchased this binder in a local stationery store. And I have thoroughly tested this binder! It has been the most durable binder that I have ever used.For me, the purpose for this binder is to keep copies of printed out bill reciepts and other household information.This binder is very easy to open and to close. And it keeps my printed out papers as well as ruled notebook paper very neat and orderly in this binder.**To keep my different bill payment separated and organized in this binder, I also have Avery Big Tab Write On Dividers (8 dividers in a package). This was enough to have eight categories of household bills/misc information in this binder. These labels I can use a Pilot gel pen and I can erase the old info from the divider should I want a different category. (Just a tip that may help you when you are looking for notebook binder dividers).This is the binder that I highly recommend to you because I have found that even with heavy use, it holds up--my binder still looks near new even after two years of HEAVY use!This doesn't need an in-depth review...it's simply a great binder. Strong, sturdy, and of better quality than the ones you can get for $1 at back to school sales....if you need something nicer, this is the way to go.This Avery Easy Turn Durable Binder is a higher quality and flexible binder that has some new features that make it preferable to older style 3 ring binders.  Some of the features are:*The rings are "D" shaped to enable it to hold more pages*The binder is creased in several places to allow the front cover to be bent back under the binder to save on desk space while in use*The front and back covers are longer so tabs placed on pages do not stick out beyond the edge of the binder where they could get bent or damaged*The rings join together smoothly becase one end has a small hole drilled into the edge while the other end is designed to slip snugly into the hole.  This design also appears to be stronger than interfitting zig-zag ends.*There are four inner pockets, 2 in each inner side of the front and back covers.The outside contains side, front, and back clear plastic windows for labeling the outside of the binder.I suppose I would say that this is the state of the art binder but that acolade is going a bit too far.  The simple fact is that it is a good medium duty binder with useful features that I most likely would buy even though it costs a bit more than the older style binders.  However, I did see these binders at a warehouse buying club last week for sale at substantially less.  Also, frequently a binder is used for something other than what is was originally purchased for.  The flexibility of this Avery binder should make reuse easier for differring types of content.  However, for low use of non-tabbed pages I would probably buy a cheaper product.Lastly a personnal statement:I am really not an office supplies specialist reviewer.  Office supplies and books are often the only thing left in the Vine review list by the time I get to it and I am already behind in books to read.  I enjoy reviewing products because more objectivity is required and measurement of performance is sometimes possible as opposed to the subjectivity used in book reviews.  I admit that I sometimes have assistance from my wonderful wife on book reviews.  So, I request the Amazon Vine program to reserve a new Ferarri for me to review before I get too old.  I guarantee it will be the "Mother of all reviews".Purchased these to use for family history documents. Works out very well. The slanted rings allow easy turning of pages and editing.Would recommend this item.These binders are great but mine arrived without one single woman in it!  I wonder if those women in Mitt's binders are the ones who held jobs Mitt/Bain sent overseas, Mitt's banking buddies foreclosed on their homes and his Wall Street buddies took their pensions and other savings so they have no place to live other than a binder?  A binder, no less, that they can not even afford for themselves but have to live in one owned by a top 1% male?  The binders are just full of those women that are not good at fiscal/financial responsibility and have to have housing provided for them because they can not protect their assets and themselves from being taken and controlled by the top 1%.  They were tricked into having their attention focused on protecting $10 from going to vets for food and grandma for medicine while their homes and savings were being stolen.  The difference between classes just keeps getting wider.  Romney hopes someday to have 99% of all people in his binders.If you are tired of cheap binders with rings that get stuck instead of opening and closing properly, or that don't quite close all the way, you might want to try the Avery E-Z Turn Ring 2" Binder.  It is sturdy and its large capacity will be useful for storing a large number of documents.  There is a clear plastic insert in the front that allows you to slide in a table of contents. Because of the binder's extra width, dividers and index tabs are protected from damage. The three large rings operate smoothly, and the pages stay flat and turn easily.This is a practical and economical choice for home, school, or office.I poured 128 fluid ounces of Tuscan Whole Milk into this and it leaked all over my fridge.A poor quality product!I'm a long time user and fan of Avery binders and found this one to be a good quality mid-grade binder with very strong D-shaped rings that are fairly easy to open and close. They clasp together perfectly so there's no gapping or losing your papers once they're in place. This two-inch size binder is spacious enough to hold large amounts of material and still easily turn pages. There are two flat interior pockets along both the front and back walls of the binder for holding additional materials. The clear plastic view holder for slipping documents or labels into the front cover, back or spine is a nice feature. In my particular binder, the plastic view panel on the front was a little puckered looking. Not a big deal for someone using it for home, school or work projects, but for a professional presentation I'd prefer a cleaner look and might purchase a higher-grade model. That said, I'm still very happy with the functionality of the binder and the sturdiness of the materials compared to other binders in this price range.The rings on these things are certainly strong - and that little peg that sticks out of one side and into the other should prevent that little gap between rings that most binders eventually get.  The rings themselves are what Avery calls "EZ-Turn ring," which means it's not as ridiculous as round rings, and not as difficult to use (turning pages) as a D ring.  Depending on your needs, this could be good (compared to round ring) or bad (if you really need the extra capacity of a D ring.For everyday use for classwork, this binder should easily do the job.  Would recommend for frequent use...for occasional use, Avery also makes a "Heavy Duty" binder that has the D rings that has more storage.Avery is my first choice in office supplies like binders and labels because they make quality products at affordable prices.  This white 2 inch binder has EZ-turn rings which makes loading and unloading your papers a breeze.  The left inside cover features duo plastic storage pockets, one on the bottom and one midway up.  This extra feature came in handy.The front and back covers are really durable and solid, making for strong storage capabilities and ease of placement in shelves.  My favorite home use for these is during the school year where I purchase one for each child and create their year long binder of work that we like to keep year to year.  I also made a "Manual" binder which holds all the instruction booklet for the various appliances around the house.  I give this product my highest rating.This is a 2 inch "rated durable" 3 ring binder rated for frequent use.  I transferred contents of an old notebook over to it recently and had to open and close the rings many times.  The mechanism is very smooth.  What I like most about it is that pages are extremely easy to turn and they don't get jammed up where the teeth close, like most binders.  There are two pockets inside the front cover and also the back cover - one lower than the other, so they are multi use.  The front and spine also have a clear pocket to identify contents.  What I was not prepared for - is the fact that this binder is over an inch wider than my other standard binders, obviously due to the fact that the ring spine is off-set for easier page turning.  I like the binder enough that I can live with the fact that it sticks our farther than my other binders.  I would recommend it.Fairly heavy duty, nice ... 4 pockets and clear covers to display your "works of art".I love these binders.  They're great for students working on large reports, or storing hand-written notes for finals.  They're useful for many kinds of document collections:  patterns, plans, recipes, decor ideas - just use your imagination.  WithDocument Protectors,they are wondeful for holding medical records; a great boon if you have small children or are caring for elderly parents.I like the lie-flat feature very much.  It takes up more surface space than the regular hinge, but it makes it easier to handle, and when you get up to two inches of paper, it gets a bit unwieldy.  I also like the wipable cover.  Good protection.If you're looking for a 3-ring binder, this is a good choice and I recommend it, with two considerations.  First, the four pockets inside the front and back covers are rather thin.  The binder would be better with one flap of thicker material, front and back.  Second, if your binder will be subject to abuse, you should go with the heavy duty version.The Avery Binder is sturdy and has lasted well.  The rings lying flat is a convenience feature that you may take a while to get used to if you've had the rings in the center in your other binders. Since I use this binder for material that I need to access on the top of a desk, the lying flat feature of the rings is handy not a bother.  Overall, a good value for the money and something that you'll find functional if not fashionable.These binders are quite well made with clear plastic pockets that allow you to insert an indentifier page or whatever in the front, back & spine. The 3 ring mechanism seems solid with fairly stout hardware that should last a long time. I'm very happy with the 2 I bought & will get more in the future when I need them.durable and very nicely builtA binder is a binder ... well, this one is actually nice and durable, as the name suggests. One inch ring allows one to bring more with them then the other smaller rings. Good value.I  am an educator and documentor who uses vinyl binders extensively. I decided to try Avery's "Durable" E-Z Turn Ring 2" binder.Like many other binders, this one has clear pockets on the front and back cover and the outer binding to accomodate identifying sheets. This binder has an interesting oblong shape to the rings. It does make paper management a little easier than the more common circular shaped ring. The binding assembly is riveted to the back cover rather than to the spine of the binder. This does make it easier to manage the 500 page capacity of theis binder.The split rings come together in a pin and socket joint. This is better that the more common angled tooth joint that can permit pages to slip out.2. The ring locking mechanism is similar to other binders. It requires a firm pull on steel tabs at the top and bottom of the binder. This is not too bad, but there is no positive lock on the rings. If the binder is full of paper and you drop the binder, it is very likely the rings will pop open and spill the pages. Avery's Heavy Duty binder has a positive lock that would prevent the rings from popping open.The chipboard that adds rigidity to the covers is made of 100% recycled paper.Ths is a minor feature, but for me any effort to recycle is a plus.The hinges on this binder don't appear to be any more durable than other binders. This is important to me, because I have experienced hinge failures on many binders.When that happens, the only thing you can do is throw them out. A"heavy duty" hinge would be further improvement.This binder has been great for me so far, not problems with opening it and it seems very durable.The rings of this binder are very sturdy and close cleanly.  They are designed such that a small knob on the end of one half of the ring fits into an indentation in the end of the other half of the ring, thus creating a very smooth and solid closure.  Also the shape the the rings is different than usual.  Rather than round its more like a rounded off square.  This will allow the pages to set more naturally when the binder is heavily filled.The binder itself is large such that dividers won't stick out.  Their are two pockets of different heights on each side.  I do question whether those pockets can really stand up to much use since the plastic seems thing and easily stretched.  Of course, if you don't use them, its no big deal.On my particular binder the plastic is not stretched perfectly flat.  It has some bubbles and waves.  Also the heavy rings have already slightly dented front cover where it folds over them (I don't know if any binder escapes this fate).  Otherwise it feels reasonably sturdy.  The rings are the best.  The binder will handle reasonable use but heavy use (such as slinging around in a book bag) will probably tear it up within about a year (guess).  (Avery classifies it as Durable and reserves Heavy Duty for a different binder).Finally, the chipboard is made of 100% recycled content and if you collect boxtops for education, there is a 10 cent label for you.I appreciate the sturdiness of these binders that have the view cover and the no gap rings almost make me want to cry when I think of all the problems I experienced with three ring binders of old.I bought this expecting to find it full of women.  Sounds like false advertising to me! Where can I find binders full of 'em? On the other hand, this is a very good binder.This is a nice, strong, quality binder, but do keep in mind that it is very large. It's not ideal for a small collection of papers to refer to, but rather it is perfect for a large collection of organized documents.There are four interior pockets for convenient access, two on each cover. This binder's rings are situated on the rightmost page, with male pegs to female inlets as opposed to the squiggly s-connector used in many binders that papers sometimes work their way into, or worse yet, out of. I thought the papers might work their way underneath the "L" portion of the clips where they attach to the binder, but they do not. Papers reside harmoniously fold-free within this binder.This binder is too big for my immediate needs, but that doesn't affect my positive feedback for the product - it's a fantastic, durable three-ring binder.This is a very versatile binder which can easily hold numerous paper documents.  For those who still need to keep paper documents safe, organized, and clean, this binder is perfect for that.  Make sure you get the correct size (this is 2 inch) for the amount of documents you wish to store.At first I was shocked at the cost of this binder, considering that one could buy two or three others for the same price.  But this one is so much easier to use, with the rings on the bottom, and is likely to stay aligned so much longer, with the peg-and-hole construction.  It is sturdy and I would recommend it for heavy-duty use, whether in an office, holding reference material (what I'm using it for), or by a student who is hard on his or her school supplies.I've got 5 kids and every year these white vinyl binders are on our school supply lists. I used to buy the "economy" versions but then realized I wasn't really saving money because they just wear out and have to be replaced quicker. These Avery Durable binders are indeed more durable and last longer, saving stress and money in the long run.I've been using the binder for a few weeks now.  I have to open and close the rings frequently to add pages, and they have worked really well so far.  They line up correctly every time I snap them closed, unlike a binder I was using last year.There are 2 levels of pockets inside the front and back - one above the other - approximately 3" and 6" deep.  The lower pocket feels a bit "shallow" for holding papers, so I've been using the deeper, upper pocket.  However, I do appreciate the option of using a second, lower pocket, and expect to use that for shorter papers and note cards.I like the fact this binder has a clear cover insert so you can put whatever you want on the front (or change it after using). The rings don't pinch and have a nice arc to them so your folders don't rip. It's also larger so that your tabs don't stick out the side. Four inside folders make storage easier as well. Great for keeping multiple records organized and at hand.This is a nice large-sized binder.  The rings work smoothly and the pages lay out nicely.  The rings are fairly easy to open but not accidentally.  They close nice and tight.  Inside the binder has three pockets on each side.  I don't feel like the binder itself is overly strong, but for most uses I think it will hold up just fine.  I don't love that you can slip paper into all three sides...I feel like it is too easy to end up stretching or ripping it.  However, I can see how this could come in handy.Many years ago I used many 3 ring notebooks and with the advent of Filofax and other trendy notebooks I'd quit using the old stand by and I recently noticed that I have a pile of packs of the paper for the old notebooks and wondered what to do with several thousand sheets of the the wide ruled paper... then I saw the Avery EZ-Turn ring!This well put together binder holds 500 sheets of paper (a full pack!)and it's smooth turning of the pages so I can go easily to different sections of all these pages that I've divided up into different categories.The inside of the binder has 4 pockets (2 front/2 back) for putting papers you want close at hand and the entire outside (front/binder/back)has clear plastic on top of the white cover so you can label and personalize the binder and make it your own. The inside binder area has room to put a couple pens or pencils.This is truly a 21st century update of an old favorite at a GREAT price!This is a sturdy binder with plenty of space for documents. If you need a good binder to keep documents handy than this is a product you should look at. White in color for easy find and large enough to keep a years worth of receipts. Great for students.The Avery Durable EZ-Turn Ring is recommended for "frequent use". The D ring is on the back cover and looks strong and the rings line up nicely. It is "greener" because its plastic encased chipboard is made out of 100% recycled content. It has a nice clear view cover and spine and the white is bright. It looks like it will hold up well. I'll let you know if it doesn't.  It has 4 instead of 2 pockets on the inside covers.  It is Made in Mexico.The Avery binder proved to be an excellent product in my possession as it's durable outer shell took as much abuse as I could give it... even when I punched it for good measure to prove a point to my skeptical little brother that not all binders are the same.After two weeks of total usage, and I do mean "total," the rings have yet to wear out and the outer shell is still intact after several "demonstrations" to others.All in all, a quality product.Really great price! 3 of the 10 Binders I ordered came bent. I was pretty disappointed about the dented binders.This is an above-average high quality binder from Avery.  I've come to trust Avery to make the best school and home office products.  This binder fits the superb Avery reputation, however it doesn't have those extra features that set it apart.  Avery'sAvery Nonstick Heavy-Duty EZD Reference View 2 Inch White Binder (79192)is a better binder.This binder uses a standard ring opening mechanism with two buttons on the ends to pop the rings. The the pages stack well on both sides due to the U-shaped ring - unlike oval rings where the page edges don't line up. Papers turn smoothly without getting caught on the rings - a sign of a well-crafted binder. The inside of both the front and back cover each have 2 pockets for storing loose papers. And the front, back and side all allow for papers to be slid on the outside of the binder to create a cover and spine label. This is everything that a binder should be.My wife's been in school for the last 15 years - pursuing multiple degrees and supplemental education. August is her favorite time of year - not for the weather, but for the "back to school" sales. She's gotten very picky with her school supplies and buys what she knows will last for years and without adding stress to her life. We've both come to love Avery brand products. The quality is always the best and the designs are a step ahead of the competition.We've also tried theAvery Nonstick Heavy-Duty EZD Reference View 2 Inch White Binder (79192). Buy this #79192 model. The extra addition make it a better binder and it's only a few dollars more. It's the best we've found so far.I bought this for over 11 dollars and then found others for a third of the price.  It is overpriced for what I am using it for.  I will purchase the lesser priced one next time.Hurray for clever, delightful  political activism! The reviews, positive and negative, are absolutely wonderful!  I love them!  In fact, it's on their basis that I'm going buy an Avery binder.  Avery really deserves the support for being such a good sport about it all.  (I imagine they are, right?!).I use this brand of binder at work for training materials and was happy to see it as part of the Amazon Vine program.  This binder:> holds a lot of sheets of paper> opens and closes easily with no gaps in the rings> allows for a cover page with the clear cover on the front of it> allows for a spine sheet with the clear cover on the side of it> stands up to use on a regular basisI will use this binder for marriage enrichment classes my husband and I lead in a volunteer capacity.  It will hold a lot of materials.  For materials I would need to access often (i.e., open the rings often), I would choose the heavy duty model, because it allows the rings to be opened with one hand very easily.  This model requires both hands to pull the rings apart.Very nice 2 inch notebook, and a slant ring, which actually holds more than the circular ring.  Very sturdy and well made !!!!I purchased this binder to help me organize my papers for work and have been very pleased with it's performance. I will definately purchase again.Large and sturdy with gap free binders store contents in the proper alignment. Also useful is the fact that the rings are opened directly without the use of another lever which usually is the first thing to go bad on a binder. It's durable but not heavy.Just got my Avery Durable View Binder and am already putting it to good use.  I needed something to organize all my catalog of video files I have done lately and my DVD and Blu Ray sets. (ok, some HD DVD sets too, I was impetuous! )  All my materials fit nicely in this thing. room to spare.  Things that  I need to keep taking out I put in the 4 inner sleeves for easy access.The rings are very large and can obviously hold a LOT of pages.  ON the inside , both the front and the back have two pockets in the vinyl covering to hold more papers or whatever you want.  It does feel a bit thin to me in it's construction but with everything you could load this thing up with,  that might be a plus in the end.  It is marked for Medium duty so I guess if you don't need to open and close it (the rings) every day it should last a long time.  It is attractive looking and can be easy wiped off and cleaned if necessary.  Avery is a go to brand in our home and this seems to be another quality item of theirs.  I would also say it is priced very attractively. As binders go, it's a fine choice.We use a lot of Binders in our home. We've always been happy with Avery brand, and the Durable is worth it (over the Economy) for almost everything, IMO.  I like many of the features about it.* Clear View for adding your own cover,* D ring for holding more paper, we tend to fill notebooks up here :-)* the wide width, so dividers don't stick out and get all messed up,* non-stick plastic, so your ink doesn't glue your pages to the notebook,* the 4 inner pockets are handy,* the hole and peg fastener of the ring - is probably my fave feature, regular binders (with the jagged edge rings) don't hold up well under use.I love the Heavy Duty (next step up) Binders, but the price difference usually isn't worth it to me. I buy a lot of Durables.I use the same rules for binders that I use for ink reviews...it's a binder, if it works than I have no complaints. If anything I'm worried that I may need a bigger size for the multitude of readings I get as part of my grad seminar, but that's a fault in my product selection rather than the actual product itself. It works for my needs and that's all I really care about.I gave this item a five star rating as it is as described.  Sturdy, opens with the metal tab clips, and is sized to hold not only paper, but the clear plastic inserts as well.What else is there to say? It is not special. No three ring binder is special. It holds three hold punched paper.I bought this binder for my daughter.  The vinyl window allows her to customize her notebook on a weekly basis towards whatever her creative inspiration dictates.  By inserting her artwork dejour, the notebook becomes a tool for artistic display.This is a nice binder, good size, easy to open.  The nice thing is that there are extra pockets- instead of one on a side, there are 3 overlapping, enabling you to fit in more.I have been helping my wife fill out her Resume to help her get a new job. I decided to buy her this binder  so a job can just pop out . I new a resume would not make a difference. So if you want you woman or wife,to get a job you have to get her this binder. I am buying two so she can send one to Mitt Romney. You cannot go wrong with the price and with 25.00 you get free shipping. I will update when she receives it.P.s received the binder, there was many other woman in it but I did not see her name . Maybe I will keep the binder incase I need cooking, my clothing washed. This will save time having this binder of woman for jobs.After reading other reviews, I too purchased this binder expecting hold my women.  I was greatly disappointed.  I'm starting to think this binder only holds women 1% of the time.  The other 99% of the time it tries to make me eat the pink slime (I refuse), tells me that my college degree is elitist, dips into my retirement fund to feed undeserving billionaires, and keeps cleaning the dishes long after I finish.Save yourself some money and hold onto your women some other way.This is a very user-friendly binder.  We have it set up to organize our papers regarding our household.  The bonus pockets and ez turn pages don't seem like a big until you use it, very helpful and makes this my favorite out of all the ones that we have used before.if you need a binder then this is a perfectly adequate on, nothing stand out but also nothing lag behind.I'm very disappointed with Avery. My son has had this binder for almost exactly a month. He uses it for school every day. It turns out Avery Durable is not so durable. It's already falling apart. The cover is separating from the spine. I went back to buy another binder. This time, I made sure not to buy Avery Durable.I always bought economy binders for my children's schoolwork, but I have to admit that a higher quality binder is probably well worth the price.  There are several things that make it worth it: One of the big ones is that the pages are easy to turn in the binder. Nothing is worse than having your WORK start to break along the holes of the paper... because most binders are a bit difficult to turn the pages inside of them. Well, this one pretty much eliminates that with the EZ-Turn ring.  I'd much rather spend a few extra dollars on a binder so that it CAREFULLY stores the work my children have done than to have to constantly re-hole their work and not have things nice and neat!  So that was a major plus!Highly recommend this binder!I use this binder at work for a report we create daily and then have to keep for 30 days.  It has held up well over the last 3 weeks with constant opening and closing.  The rings were stiff at first and harder to open but after a few days they loosened up but not to the point of gaping.This is a three-ring binder that is very sturdy and has a great capacity, with what looks like a good 3 inches worth of paper room before things start to get tight. The rings are opened by depressing two levers simultaneously at the top and bottom ends of the spine. There are two slits in the rear and front inside covers that allow you to slide a few sheets into, which is very handy for any notes that may accompany the contents of your folder. The spine, front and back covers also have a clear plastic film over that allows the insertion of cover pages or a spine title. There's room to slip a large spine or cover page into these locations and there are no irritating brand labels or other markings that might detract from the presentation. The spine rings open and lock back together with a satisfying clonk and they have a very sturdy feel to them, so I expect that they will endure many years of opening and closing before even the slightest sign or wear might occur.I am very impressed with the quality of this folder and I have been using it to store copies of some of my favorite role playing books, so I don't have to wear out my original versions. The folder is useful to keep all the books in one place and the sturdy construction means that I will not be replacing it for a very long time, perhaps never. I am also looking forward to adding a bit of an artistic flair to the covers and the spine, so it will look very presentable on my bookcase!This is a notebook.  It serves its purpose well: it holds my papers neatly, without ripping the holes or falling apart.  The ability to slide paper in the front and down the spine is very useful.  The multiple pockets inside both the front and back covers is quite handy.  Would I spend more for this than for another notebook?  Unlikely.  Would I pay the same?  Sure.This one is able to stand up to heavy-duty college student use.  Excellent durability!This is a nice 2 inch thick 3-ring binder that hold lots of my 13 yr old's school projects. It is thick and sturdy and so far she has not managed to tear it apart. Works well for its intended uses. It has a plastic pocket on the cover allowing her to insert photos and other pictures and personalize the binder. She was very happy with it.I have used a lot of different types of binders over the years - in my jobs, at school, at home, in training, etc...this binder is in the top results I've used, as it comes with some of my favorite features - good ring/lock, good ring shape, pockets in front & back inside (extra pockets in this one, so it gets a bonus for that!), clear view - for inserting papers in the front, spine & back outside...it's also longer than the average binder, so it works well with tabs/dividers, etc.This is exactly what it says - durable, easy to use, with pockets, clear view, good size...it loses one star for not having the easy touch (which I have newly discovered), but for a standard, durable binder, it gets 4 thumbs up - a great product to last hard use & a long time - I would recommend it!I love these binders.  The rings are attached to the back of the binder (rather than the spine) which I find so much nicer than spine ones.  And the edges/seams hold together so much nicer than store brand bindres.  The price is much better than my local store!  I will be buying more of these!!I downsized my 2-bedroom Manhattan apartment to this binder, and my infant daughter and I could not be happier.We're saving 99.999847% in rent.As a single mom, I value such savings. Now if only I could figure out how to get the AK47 out of those tiny little hands.God Bless.The problem with most large binders is that the rings get easily distorted and do not close properly.  Then when pages are shifted across the closure they get caught or ripped.  This binder has a novel ring configuration which they have given the name EZ-turn.  It involves a pin and socket arrangement that lines the rings up perfectly and an improved  spring assembly that keeps them closed.  Not rocket science, but works better than any large binders I have used in the past.There are clear pockets on the front, side and back for inserting your own artwork or titles and these appear to be heavy duty.  I have only used this for a few weeks, so I cannot realistically comment on durability, but from all indications it is indeed durable.My only complaint is that mine arrived with labels stuck to the outside and they did not remove well leaving glue and partial paper residue.  There was no need for this as any labels could have been inserted into the plastic pockets.  Dont know whether Avery did this or Amazon, but the result was an extra 10 minutes of goo-gone work.  Spare me.Stuff I liked:+ Clear cover pocket+ Sturdy construction, Durable+ D-Ring - non crinkled papers+ Nice inside pockets+ Large 2" ringWhat can I say? This is a great binder, well-made, holds a lot.Durable EZ-TURN Ring 2" binderThis is a sturdy and durable binder, and the one that I typically buy. The EZ-TURN line has rings that are shaped to ensure that your pages will turn smoothly without getting hung up.This model has four pockets -- two on the inside of each cover.One of the things that I like about Avery's binders are the clear plastic sleeves on the covers and spine. You can use these to customize the binder for aesthetics or for quick access to pages of frequently used information.If you are going to be opening and closing the rings often, and don't mind spending a few dollars more, you may want to take a look at the Heavy Duty One Touch EZD line. Not to say that the rings on this one are difficult to open, just not as pleasant as on the One Touch line.These are additions to our supply, great price from Amazon and we have more of the same product and will continue to use them.  Durable and have lasted many years of use.This is a great binder, it has double slash pockets on the  inside of each cover. I've never seen that in a binder and it's a nice addition. IT's marked 'durable' and not heavy duty, and that's accurate - it isn't heavy duty but it is much stronger than the cheaper binders. My kids use huge binders like this for school and they ususally go through several cheap ones, so I've been purchasing heavy duty ones. They are expensive but they last through the school year and then some. But, kids don't want to use old notebooks for the next year. So, I thought this would be a nice alterate to a heavy duty binder, but the costs are virtually the same. This has held up pretty well (a couple of months) but it has only gotten use by my son who is taking a few college courses over the summer break  it's not the typical beating it gets for 10 months during the year.Will update with longer usage, but so far, this seems to be what it claims to be - a durable and big binder.No rocket science here. It's a binder. It works. The rings are easy to open and close.'Nuff said!I use a lot of three ring binders, and in some ways they are all alike.  What makes this binder particularly good is the strength of the springs that close the rings.  Some binders have springs that won't stay tightly closed so turning pages causes pages to come loose.There are two pockets on the inside of each of the covers, front and back, so loose pages can be kept there.  The clear plastic overlay on the outside of the cover allows the user to print a title for the binder.I have a bunch of these for my various Science and Math Classes.  There's not much you can say about a binder, but the rings stay well-aligned, even after a lot of abuse.  The inner pockets are well designed and files rarely slip out.  And yeah....you can stuff a ton of documents into thisI've probably been living in a turnip patch, but I've never seen a binder with the paper rings mounted on the inside back rather than the spine - and that explains why I've never been a ring-binder fan. The regular kind never hold enough.I've been using this puppy to hold my research for an upcoming book. You can slide a cover sheet into it and slip all sorts of notes into the inner plastic envelopes. But that's nothing: I probably have 400 pages of notes (regular 20 lb. paper stabbed mercilessly with a three-hole punch) in the binder now and there's room for more. Good thing, too. I'll be stuffing it to the gills before I'm through with this project.I've never kept my notes in a binder before and I never could keep track of them, either. I was born disorganized; I waste half my life looking for things that were right here just a moment ago.  In that stack. Or that one. Or in one of those drawers. Or under the cat. No matter where it is, it doesn't show up again before I print out a fresh copy.That's why I'm loving this binder.  I figure it's saved me at least 100 sheets of paper and a quarter of a container of ink already. These days that means a lot. Using the binder has not only saved me  money and time; it's allowed me to save up an incredible amount of foul language that I'll now have ready for worthier occasions.Waste not, want not. Know what I mean?We buy these at least every three months in our house during the school year. They seem durable when they're new, but believe me they're not. They peel, and the binding comes apart with daily use. I would think for a more expensive binder like this, it would last several months longer. Because they're required for my kid's school, we use many of these during the year for our three kids.Avery is a very trustworthy name in office supplies, and they have not failed with this product. I really, like this 2", 3-ring binder. First, it has what they call "gap-free" rings. This means that there is an extra point on one side of each ring that fits into a space on the other side of each ring. This extra little piece of metal makes a tight, secure closure so that the rings don't gap or come apart allowing papers to slip out and perhaps become damaged. This is a great improvement over a typical binder.Another new item on this binder is that it has four (4) pockets on the inside - yes - two on the inside front cover and two on the inside back cover. This is excellent for storage of CDs or DVDs or other documents that you don't want to punch holes in.Other qualities I really like: the binder has a plastic view sleeve on the cover which allows you to put a piece of paper in to identify the binder. Unlike some products, this sleeve does not pick up the ink and cause the paper to stick and leave marks, so the binder can be re-used or the cover can be changed as much as you need.The binder is extra wide, so when I loaded it with 30 tabbed pocket folders and note paper, they all remained inside with nothing sticking out to cause problems when shelving or filing.This particular product is the "durable" version, which means it is for frequent use - and I do use it daily - and it is well-made and holds up well without tearing apart at the seams like some binders.This is just an excellent school/office item.It's near perfect! I frequently reference all my women, so the durable construction is a huge help. With the gap-free ring, I never have to worry about the ladies moving where they shouldn't!What would I improve? Why, the option to buy them in bulk, of course! No one should be limited to just ONE binder full of women.I have been very well pleased with Avery products and have no doubt this particular item would be a worthwhile purchase. I have found them to be sturdy, long-lasting and quite simple to use.Unfortunately, that is all I can say since Vine never sent me this product nor removed it from my review queue after 5 separate attempts to contact them and resolve this. In order to clear my queue, I had to submit this. Zero stars for Vine customer service...Pretty good binder, a little tough to open the rings, but that's probably good because you don't want your pages falling out. But the stiffness is why I only gave it 4 stars.Only time can tell if the  rings will hold up to their claim of durability. This will be used for a teenager at school. When it's discounted by amazon... down to under $8, I think it is certainly well worth the price. I see the list price is normally $15 which seems really expensive for a binder. Buy it when they have the discount running.First of all I do not understand how anyone can give this binder one star.  It's white; that automatically rates at least four stars!  And with those 2-inch rings, I have plenty of room to move around, just not so much that I get into trouble and shame my husband.  Really, this is just the perfect binder for a proper lady.I like the quality of this binder.  It has easy turn rings for flipping pages inside easily.  It has four pockets inside for papers that don't need to be punched as well as a clear view for putting your own cover sheet in.  The chipboard is made out of 100% recycled material so that is good for any one who is trying to be greener in choices.Thank goodness for Amazon.com reviews! All my friends at school were constantly complimenting me on my binder and I found that many girls were coming on to me, which never happens. Then I searched online and learned that this binder that I'd been using for Civics class doubles as a chick magnet/storage device. Little black books and cell phone address books are okay for storing phone numbers, but with this binder you can actually pluck out a lady anytime you want. Very cool. Mine is almost full now so I'll probably order another one soon.This handy binder appeals to me in several ways.  I like The clear pockets on the outside cover & side that I can use to insert labeling information.  I also love the "lay flat" design of the rings.  The rings are on the flat surface of the back panel rather than on the side, making page turning a breeze.  As far as the "durable" label goes, I think all binders should be made to at least this strength, which is sufficient for my needs.  Finally, it's also nice to have two inside pockets on the front & two on the back.  It's a nice large size, being advertised to hold up to 500 sheets, which will vary, of course, based on the thickness of the paper you're inserting.  Great binder!They bound our feet, they bound our breasts, Good Lord, now they want to place us in binders? No one is going to punch three holes in me and sort me alphabetically by my time of month! Keep your lousy Mitts off my body, my mind, my life!I'm using my Avery Durable View Binder for keeping the sheet music I buy online, print out, and place in plastic sleeves. The binder I had been using was good but the sleeves wouldn't turn smoothly as they always would "catch" where the binder rings joined. Quite a bother when I'm playing this music. The rings on the Avery Durable View Binder make it so much easier to turn the plastic sleeves.The side pockets are great for storing notes, charts, extra sleeves, and whatever else I have for my music.I plan to buy at least a few more Avery Durable View Binders for safe keeping and viewing recipes, additional sheet music, art reference materials, and whatever else I may have that can use a binder for.What will I be doing with all my old binders? Yard Sale!I'm glad to see that Avery is dealing with one of the annoying problems with binders--when the rings don't close together accurately and consequently pages hand up or tear on them.  I opened and closed them several times, and they work well, closing accurately. leaving no troublesome protruding edges.This binder is well-made.  It has two pockets on the insides of both the front cover and back cover. The rings are shaped so that the pages turn smoothly but also lay flat, either against the inside of the front cover or the back cover.The next time I am in the market for more binders, I will shop for this one.Highly recommended.This is the third time I have written this review (don't know why they are not posting) but here I am stating the obvious again...when busy on an office or home project one does not have time to fight with poor quality office products.  One can certainly buy a cheaper generic binder at one of the big box stores locally but the rings of the binder WILL pop open when you don't want them to or will not align when you snap the rings closed. With Avery binders, one doesn't have to worry about this happening.  The quality is there that one can count on.My wife is currently in her fourth year of a doctoral program and needless to say she has a lot of documentation to keep track of. There are a lot of binders out there to keep information in but this binder from Avery is especially convenient. Both the front and back panels are equipped with two pockets for holding loose items that are either not hole-punched or that don't fit in with everything else. Also, the binder part is attached to the back page of the binder rather than to the spine, which keeps pages laying flat when the binder is open.Anyone who has a lot of information they're trying to store conveniently - that they also may need to get at and move around at a moment's notice - this is the binder for you. The "Gap Free Guaranteed" ring is also convenient as papers don't get caught or fall out as papers get moved around.Lastly, although it's not important to the functionality of the binder at all, it is an environmentally-friendly choice for Avery to make this binder's chipboard out of 100% recycled content - although it's still wrapped in a plastic covering, they deserve some kudos for this choice and hopefully they'll use recycled plastic as well in the future. Also, the cover material is PVC free.I chose this binder through the Vine program as I am in grad school and am always in need of binders to store my ever accumulating pile of coursework. This binder is not only beautifully designed (as most Avery binders are) but also durable and practical. The rings on this binder are sturdy and close neatly together so that there are no awkward or annoying gaps. The clear plastic insert on the front enables one to insert a cover page, table of contents, etc. This makes an excellent and durable binder for storing coursework (in my case), papers and documents and is practical. Highly recommended!Somehow I lost my original Pentel after using it daily for over 25 years. (I honestly think one of my friends took it &#34;by mistake!&#34;) I missed my Pentel. Looked for a replacement for a long time before I found this jewel which is exactly like the Pentel I lost. This is my favorite pencil of all time. There is nothing about it that I do not like. I recommend this Pentel to everyone I know and tell you that you will not make a mistake to buy and use this pen. Solid Pentel workmanship that lasts.I rate it wonderful and a fantastic buy at any reasonable price.Writes smoothly, and is a great feeling pencil.  Quality design and looks good.The only complaint is that compared to the PhD pencils, the erasers are very difficult to manage.The cap clicks into place easily and protects the lead and tip of the pencil.  It travels well because of this and the profile.  Though I prefer to use myPaper Mate PhD Mechanical Pencil, Retractable, 0.50 mm, Black Barrel (67004)when at my office.The Pentel Kerry is simply one of the best mechanical pencils that one can buy for any price.  It feeds reliably, writes well and is well balanced and comfortable in the hand. The red, especially, stands out in a briefcase or bag making it easy to find.  If you use mechanical pencils for writing, piloting or drafting and need a fine line you cannot go wrong with this one.This was to be a replacement for the one I lost. The pen that was sent me was second hand at best, like they are sending out the rejects and calling them "new". The parts on this pen did not match in color, many different shades of red, streaks in the bottom barrel enamel finish. There is no way this is a first run, top quality item even though it is falsely advertised as one. Clearly this is a reject from the company that did not meet the requirements that is being passed of as brand new. I would not recommend buying this item as such, you will likely get a second run inferior pen.Like a very expensive pen. 2-part mechanical 0.7mm pencil with cap. To me, it was as slippery as anything and very difficult to keep a hold of for any length of time. Very beautiful, however to look at.I used a black one for about 10-years before I lost it.  Bought this one form my step-daughter and presume she isn't is absent minded as I.There are really only a few material things that are personal; that is, things you use every day and often and have with you all the time.  Definitely a wrist watch, likely a ring, a wallet, and these days a cellphone. These personal items are usually chosen with care and must be first functional but also hopefully well designed and esthetically appealing.  Not many people might include a mechanical pencil on a list of personal items, but if you have need of one often, whether to jot notes, sketch ideas or do your daily crossword puzzle, then you would do well to consider this Pentel.  I read the gushing reviews others wrote before I made my purchase and although I appreciate the feel and balance of good writing instruments, for this price I admit I rolled my eyes and imagined maybe some Pentel production people might be trying to goose sales a little with some spam reviews.  But I can't agree more with what everyone else has already written. The pencil is elegantly formal looking in black with a knurled metal midsection for grip.  I have never liked the idea of any writing instrument that has a cap that must be removed and stuck on the back end in order to write.  Inevitably it gets separated and lost and it's just plain inconvenient to do that dozens of times a day.  This pentel has a wonderful design that keeps the two sections secure with a precision click together.  When in use and the cover is moved to the back end it again has a precision click and remains there immovably.  In fact, if you picked up the pencil opened like that you might not suspect it had a cover, it's that firmly attached and integrated.  Also, the click button on the end of the cap integrates flawlessly to the advancing mechanism.  The lead is held very securely and advances crisply.  There is a small eraser under the advancer cap which could be larger and more robust, and although I thought that would be the spoiler, this pen is such an incredible value I can easily live with that. The weight and balance are superb and it is very easy to write with.  If this pencil had the name Mont Blanc inscribed on it and a price tag 10 times what it is, I wouldn't think twice and would consider buying it.  At this price it's an astounding value.  After a day I sent for a second one and now might buy a few more just in case they discontinue them.  With free shipping and no tax, this is a complete no brainer.  If you use a mechanical pencil often, you'll want to own this one added to your personal items for everyday use.I bought this as a gift for my partner. I'm so jealous. It's just gorgeous and is crafted like a fine watch. The cover clicks when put in place on either end of the pencil. there's a nice long sleeve for the lead like on good drafting pencils so it would work well with templates. it is just such a quality instrument.This is my go to workhorse for school or work notes. It looks so nice too which is a great plus. I would highly recommend it. The little pencil also holds quite a large amount of backup lead... I could never see myself being surprised to run out.I received a beautiful set of Cross pen and pencil set as a gift and used them both for years. The heavyweight of the set and the timeless quality are great. However, I nearly always get writer's cramp when usingeither from the set.This Pentel mechanical pencil is also great quality but the feel and handling make it much more comfortableto use. I use it everyday and I love it.This pencil is ideal for my needs. Very compact, with a cap to protect the tip, well designed cap with click-through button, beautiful finish, great balance and heft.I read that the price of this pencil is substantially lower than it was years ago. The quality of materials and workmanship probably aren't quite as good as the old ones (somewhat sharp edges at the ends of cap and body, and where the tip attaches to the body, irregularities - a dark stripe - in the color of the molded plastic body), but for the price, these issues are acceptable to me.A very minor nitpick - it would be nicer if they left off the text that says "since 1971", which kind of brands this as the newer, cheaper version of the Kerry.This pencil is tiny which makes it not very comfortable to write with.  I ended up giving it to my son who likes the way it looks...but he also noted that it's small in his hand (he's a teenager, so his hands are adult-sized).  Maybe good for someone with small hands but not for us.-DThis is a very unique 0.7 mm pencil. It has the looks of a nice ballpoint pen. It opens like a fountain pen (pull the cap--the part with the pocket clip--off and post it on the other end of the pencil. The button on the posted cap internally depresses the button on the body of the pencil to extend the lead. So the push button works exactly as expected. The posted cap snaps on smartly and securely. The same is true when you return the cap over the point section...a strong click and a secure hold. If you did happen to lose the cap, the pencil still extends lead with the button on the pencil body section itself. In fact, if you liked a shorter pencil without a pocket clip, you could just leave the cap section at home. There is the usual small fixed-length Pentel eraser found under the button of the cap; the body button cover pulls off to load the leads, but does NOT have an eraser. The body section is loaded with six HB leads. When the cap is replaced over the point section, this pencil is completely pocket friendly and nice eye candy too. It is the useable length and quality of the eraser that gives this pencil a point off from 5 stars. I almost gave it back the fifth star because of its really NICE looks. Yes I bought this pencil at Amazon, but the review system did not seem to know this or provide me a place to indicate it.Pretty much like the one I got 20 years ago.Except that it was call the "5" now its called the "Kerry".Feels the same.Will update review later.This may be the best mechanical pencil I've ever owned.I have had more expensive mechanical pencils.  (Probably because I didn't buy them on Amazon)  I have spent 30-80 dollars for a single mechanical pencil.  I would not even TOUCH any of them now that I have this one.But this... Merely 10 bucks, and it is a thing of beauty.  It's shorter than other ones I've owned, but the way it sits in my hand is perfect.  It's sturdy and it's comfortable.  It holds the lead firmly and just tight enough.Pencil is nice heavy weight feel to it, the cap is a gorgeous color, however the back half of the pencil is a cheapo plastic that does not even come close to being the same color as the metal cap. They should have made it the same material. This is an expensive pencil and should be 100% made of metal not half plastic.This is the best i have tried also - both tape and dispenser work well - frustration free is accurate - many other styles of dispenser can cause a great deal of frustration!I sell on eBay and ship stuff to family all over the U.S. and go through packaging tape like crazy. Local stores charge $4-$10 for rolls of 20 to 60 yds with cheaper packs being ultra thin and cheap. This package is 55 yds for only $8 (at the time of review) which is a really good price compared to what you get at local stores plus it is very thick and grippy. Plus this has a usable cutting edge (so many rolls have a really flimsy one that bends instead of cutting the tape.)So good value and solid quality.I was very pleased with this tape.  It is a good value for the price, and includes a reasonable tape dispenser along with a nice length tape roll.One note: some people are having trouble with set-up.  Do not thread the tape with the sticky side UNDER the roller.  Only the non-sticky side should touch the roller.  The sticky side should be threaded between the roller and the two plastic prongs (which keep the end of the tape from touching the end of the roll).  Do this and it&#8217;ll work fine.This is a medium thickness tape, with almost a 2 inch width, and 55 generous yards of length.  (I am tired of buying slightly cheaper tape rolls with half of the tape length.)The roller does make it easy to use the tape on multiple boxes.  If I were just wrapping one here and one there I don&#8217;t think I would care.  The dispenser, however, when properly used, holds the sticky part of the tape away from the rest of the roll, which keeps you from having to find the end of the tape and tearing it by mistake.It is strong enough that it will not tear by hand horizontally (on the 2 inch width), but it will rip easily lengthwise (on the 55 foot length)I recommend this tape for packaging, especially if you need to do multiple boxes.If this product was half the price and 22 yards instead of 15, I'd give it 5 stars. Duck makes great packing tape, and this is no exception.However, at twice the price of a larger size of standard clear packing tape, I have to wonder if the zebra stripe is worth it. I used this to jazz up a nick-knack box, but found I really couldn't use it to pack something to ship. I think that if you were moving and wanted to mark boxes by room, this would be a great and stylish way to do it.Overall: 3 stars. It's packing tape. Pink and stripy, but still packing tape.The idea of this tape dispenser is sound. It holds great promise. The inventor(s) proved this to me.Now the issue is to build the same type of dispenser but use thicker or stronger materials. This one is too thin and fragile for the kind of repeated use it was designed to handle.Moreover, where are the refills? Are consumers expected to buy a dispenser with every roll of tape?If you thread the tape properly through this dispenser (over the little grey pegs and under the white roller), then it flows right off the spool smoother than any tape gun I've ever used.  I don't know if Duck has reformulated their adhesive to facilitate this and I hope it stays attached to the packing boxes I assembled -- but for convenience and light jobs this EZ Start dispenser appears to be a winner.Got this to use for shipping just because it's cool looking, but then my 5th grade daughter, who LOVES animal prints asked if she could have it. She ended up using it reuse a binder that was coming apart. She covered the binder (standard 1.5&#34; white 3-ring binder) and it's sturdy! It also looks awesome and her friends are doing the same things to their binders. She feels proud that she started a trend and feel accomplished that she had and followed thru with the idea. It also works great on shipping boxes. I have used it to ship two boxes 5 and 7 pounds and they arrived sealed and no tape damage. I thought it would be &#34;cheap&#34; tape, but I'm impressed that it is as strong as it's shipping tape counter parts. Duck brand continues to be consistent in quality. This is NOT like duct tape. It is transparent like packing tape, so please keep that in mind.Good dispenser unit for low volume taping jobs.  This means shipping packages once in a while.  The Duck brand tape rolls out without any undue screeching noises and doesn't get tangled up.  Dispenser's blade is sharp to slice the tape easily while the hangars catch the tape preventing it from going back on the spool.Overall, pretty satisfied. Not for high volume jobs as the plastic housing is rather thin and would probably break if you had to do something like ship dozens of packages a day.Love this tape.  Thicker than most.  Doesn't &#34;fly back&#34; and stick to itself like the thinner types do.  Would buy again.This works just as good as normal packaging tape and looks darling! Could also be used in crafts, if so desired....but not duct tape crafts.....it does not seem sturdy enough for that.  Also, as many have mentioned, the dispenser packaging is very nice, the colors are vivid and is lightweight.My first, many attempts at using this product one-handed didn't go well. The tape worked as advertised only maybe one out of five times. It eventually dawned on me, however, that I was holding the dispenser wrong. You have to hold it in such a way that the movement of the roll of tape is in no way impeded by your hand. In other words, you have to hold it in a rather unnatural way, very consciously only touching the dispenser with your fingers (your palm can't come into play) in order for it to work. Once you do that, it works fine. And the tape seems sturdy and sticky enough to do its job. So, in the end, I'm a little disappointed with the dispenser (and in myself, for not recognizing what I was doing wrong sooner), but if used properly it does do a decent job.I admit when I saw decorative tape from Duck Brand, I just assumed it was Duct tape.  I totally missed the PACKAGING tape line in the description because I have used decorative duct tape before and this looks, at a glance, to be that.  It is NOT.  Ignore anything / anyone who says this is duct tape.That said there are some advantages and disadvantages when comparing this to decorative duct tape.This is more forgiving than duct tape. If I put this on something uneven and haven't really pressed it firmly in place then I can easily lift it and start over without damaging anything.  That won't happen with Duct tape.Most decorative duct tapes I have found do not come with their own dispenser and they could really use one.  This has a dispenser built in.Like most packing tapes this feels sort of flimsy.  It's not going to hold up to as much abuse as a decorative duct tape.If you need a decorative tape for things like covering sketchbooks (what I used it for) then this tape is perfect.  If you want something sturdy for making wallets or bags then you want decorative duct tape.Today I had to tape a couple of boxes for shipping and was able to test out this tape dispenser. Let me say it works great! The tape is good quality and there's a generous roll of it. The dispenser itself is very easy to use and the tape doesn't get stuck or tangled sticking to itself. One handed use is very easy and since it's not bulky and heavy it can be stored anywhere.We do a great deal of mailing packages, both in the U.S. and overseas which results in countless time spent cutting the packaging tape to fit.  That's the first reason we really like this Duck Brand - how easy and not at all time consuming to be able to simply tamp down one end of the tape, secure the package, and cut with the attached serrated clipper.  All done in a jif and with one hand.  We also like to cover the addressee's info with tape to protect it just in case of foul weather and this, too, is accomplished in a jif.The tape is an excellent width (2&#34;) and grips quickly and firmly.Last but not least we found we were getting more tape for the price than we were in other tapes we have used.First of all, this is not a duck tape....it's a packaging tape with dispenser.However, it does not seem as sticky as regular packaging tape though.Also, it's expensive and short. I really can't recommend buying this for packaging purpose, as there are more economical options around. However, for holiday gift packing purpose, this may be good due to its special pattern design.It's expensive and short, so I wouldn't recommend this for packaging use, except maybe that special gift for a holiday or birthday going cross country.However, for arts and crafts, it works just fine. It's decorative, cute, and sticks well to most surfaces. My wife has been using it with our son for some craft activities, and they've been pleased.Wouldn't give it to small kids - the cutter part is awfully sharp and not covered.I've been buying 2-3 rolls of Scotch Heavy Duty Packaging Tape a year in the 1.88&#34; x 800&#34; (22 yards) size. Although I had never used the comparable Duck Brand tape, I was happy to try it. I received the tape too late for Christmas wrapping, but I've used it since then to wrap two packages, as well as a couple of miscellaneous uses, and I like it. For one thing, there's a piece of paper on the end of the tape that keeps the end free. With the Scotch brand tape, I hate trying to get the end of the tape free. The Duck brand dispenser is not too different from the Scotch dispenser, but the addition of a half-inch-diameter plastic roller makes a big difference in enabling the dispenser to be used with one hand.The tape itself appears to be very similar to the Scotch packaging tape. It seems to have comparable strength and stretchiness. Scotch claims that its tape is 20 times as strong as acrylic tapes like the Duck Brand, but I didn't notice much difference in my own informal stretch and tear tests.Overall, I'm very pleased with the Duck brand packaging tape. If I was shopping for packaging tape today, I would likely choose between the two brands on the basis of price alone, since I found the two brands to be very similar in performance.There is a lot of confusion because People see the Duck Brand and think Duct Tape due to the similar sounds of the words.  Duck and Duct sound very similar.  To make matters worse the Duck brand usually makes Duct tape.  Duct Tape has fibers in it like a cloth and thicker adhesive.  It can stick to a wide variety of surfaces, even many uneven surfaces.  Packaging tape is thin plastic with enough adhesive for it to stick to smooth surfaces like a cardboard box.  This is packaging tape.As packaging tape this performs well.  The adhesive is very sticky and grips smooth surfaces very well.  The strength seems very good.  The quality of the decorative printing is excellent.  The surface is fairly shiny, more of a gloss instead of matte.  It would serve very well for sealing boxes or for decorating smooth surfaces.Besides the confusion with Duct Tape in the branding the only other downside to this tape is that the adhesive has a strong adhesive odor, the tape smells stronger than any other tape I have used before.First this is made by the Duck tape brand we are used to, but it is not near as good as actual Duct Tape. That being said this is good packaging tape it dispenses from the roll easily, and looks pretty I might add love the pink and black pattern. Just today I used it to secure some rugs for storage as well as packing up holiday decor. It is good stuff but not that silver Duct Tape that could hold a plane together.For years and years I bought either the Scotch brand of packing tape or generic ones, and for years and years I struggled and fought with the darn tape each time I tried to use it.  (Don't you hate hunting for the end of the roll, or is that just me?)  Not with Duck tape!It has a really strong adhesive, so that you just need one piece to hold a cardboard box shut.It also doesn't split or come apart on the end, so that you have a nice straight end piece every time you go to cut the tape.  It also stays in place on the mounting area (I have no idea what it's called!) so that it easily feeds into the cutter.Yes, this six-pack comes with a lot of tape, but if you work in an office or are a heavy on-line shopper as I am (and prone to returning stuff via the mail or UPS), then it's really not as much as it would seem.  (Of course, my husband might wish that I had just bought a single roll! ;-) )Duck Brand is the best tape, plain and simple.  Unlike Scotch and other popular brands, it really and truly is easy to keep the roll from hanging up on itself, thereby assuring that each usage is instantaneous, without having to fumble around trying to find the edge of the tape.  This large dispenser is convenient, and cheaper than buying the smaller rolls at such stores as Wal-Mart or Target.I use packing tape a lot to ship packages and I'm very happy with this Duck tape.  The tape doesn't shred apart, sticks well, and the dispenser works as it should.  You can't go wrong with this.  Edited to add:  If you do a lot of packing, this isn't the best dispenser because after each use of cutting the tape, the tape falls back down and sticks to the roll.  It takes a few seconds to peel it back up again for the next use and if you've got dozens of boxes to ship, those seconds will add up.This is an adorable hot pink and black duct tape that would be great for any young (or old) child looking to make things with duct tape...or it could be used for some seriously cool packing tape as well.It's not extremely thick, nor is it extremely thin.  The weight is somewhere in between, but it's definitely thick enough to use for packing tape if that's what you're looking for.Great price point. Easy to use. and the tape appears to be a bit thicker than the similar Scotch Shipping Tape I had been using. The dispensers are similar, but the Duck Brand was a bit more user friendly in my opinion. Recommended!The key word is "decorative."  Duck Brand packing tape doesn't have the sticking power of my regular packing tape.  I wouldn't trust it to hold a package together to send anywhere.  I used it on some boxes in my garage and it wouldn't even hold overnight.The print is cute.  Kids can use it for crafts.  Think of it as a smoother, shinier, thinner, less opaque version of Duck Tape.  I gave it to my daughter, who loves making things out of Duck Tape, and she's very happy with it.I really like the Duck brand packing tape. I wish I could afford to use it on all of my eBay packages, but the cost per roll isn't cheap, which is okay, because this is very nice quality tape. It sticks where it should, is easy to handle, doesn't wrinkle or curl when you're trying to tape long sections, and it cuts easily and without leaving residue on the cutter edge.If you only use shipping tape occasionally, I'd definitely recommend this Duck brand tape, it's perfect for small jobs, and stores easily in a regular kitchen drawer.This is not duct tape, but a thinner product good for sealing packages if you have a flair for the dramatic.  I also use it to make letters for signs at the farmers market.  I'm sure it works well for a variety of crafts.  It's good quality for what it is, but it's far more expensive per foot than basic transparent packaging tape.Face to tape, this tape is lurid, as in do not look at it if you have a headache or are prone to migraines.It wasn't too hard to work with, I used it to seal a couple of packages.The thickness, stickiness, and durability are similar to a good quality moving tape, as in a better quality of the brown carton sealing tape that the movers used on the boxes the last time I moved.I would not use this on anything that could be damaged by the glue on it, and would not recommend it for anything other than constructing or sealing boxes/packages that are not going to be subject to rough handling.On the bright side, this would be good for putting together storage boxes that you would want to stand out from the rest of the items that you have in storage, as it would make identifying a box quite easyIf you don't mind the loud pink color and stripes, this duck tape works well as packing tape.  Although it is not very thick like duck tape, this tape sticks well and works fine like standard packing tape.  I like the tape dispenser-it cuts tape well and and tape rolls well off the dispenser.  There are also two small plastic guards on the bottom of the roller to stop tape from getting stuck back on top of the roll. The only drawback would be the tapes' small size (less than 2 inches across and only 15 yards long), but this small roll is great for arts and crafts projects or for sealing parcels on an occasional basis.It's packaging tape. Pretty straightforward. I'm a big fan of the Duck Brand packaging tape in general. It holds well and doesn't require you to use excessive amounts. This particular roll is a pink zebra print, which is fun if you need decorative tape. One note of warning though: these decorative rolls may seem like a great deal, but they actually have less tape on them than the clear rolls. If you're looking for something fun, though, it's a great choice!I do a lot of swaps and pen palling and I like to decorate the envelopes and packages that I send out. This tape is really cute. It spruces up my packages and keeps everything sealed up!PROSThe 3"-core rolls, installed on a good professional dispenser, used by experienced hands, works beautifully for sealing cartons and protecting mailing labels. It is unusally easy to install in the dispenser, unwinds unusually easy and quietly, and cuts unusually easy.If you do alot of packaging in a quiet environment, such as a library, then this tape may be advantageous, it does not "screeeeeech" as it comes off the roll.  Some brands of tape require real muscle to pull off the roll, and so, a day of sealing boxes can be a workout.  The EZ tape rolls off the roll almost effortly---so much so, that you may have to find ways to slow it down with some professional dispensers (an easy adjustment with most).CONS10 or 20 years ago, this stuff was introduced and sold as a consumer product WITHOUT a dispenser as "easy tear tape" because you can easily tear it to length without a dispenser or scissors. If you are very careful never to allow the free end to "collapse" onto the roll and always fold over an about 1" section when done for a new "starter", it works fairly well without a dispenser or even scissors.However, if you use it with a cheap dispenser (such as this dispenser), it is easy for the free end to collapse onto the roll. If that happens, it is almost impossible to restart the roll, because its tendancy to "slivering and splitting".DIFFERENCE WITH ORDINARY CLEAR SHIPPING TAPEEZ-tape adheres well to paper, but is not "extra-wide household tape".  It does not adhere well to itself nor to non-paper articles.  For example, it would NOT be suitable for temporarily bundling a dozen poles together, sealing a tear in a vinyl raincoat, temporarily waterproofing a cracked taillight, temporarily reinforcing a cracked window, nor any number of other household uses that ordinary 2" wide clear tape is useful for.  (For most purposes as "general household tape", blue "painter's tape" far superior, but is not clear.)3M 2090-1A Scotch Blue Painter's Tape for Multi-Surfaces 1-Inch-by-60-YardHOW TO RESTART ROLLSPlace a peice of tape (ideally masking tape) perpendicularly across the EZ tape near the end.  Rub the masking (or other) tape to insure maximum adhesion.  As slowly as you can, peel up the end of the EZ tape back to the masking (or other) tape.  Because of the slivering, you may have to peel back 5 or 5 "slivers".  Then peel off the "unit" held together by the masking tape.CONCLUSIONI still greatly prefer premium Scotch brand tape, however EZ tape may be preferable in special cases.Yup, this tape is perfect. I put it on a dispenser that came with some Scotch brand tape and will be sticking will Duck from now on (you get more for less!)Love how this tape comes right off the roll.Good stuff, am ordering more!I purchased 6-packs of Duck brand self dispensing tape before, but this one has a lot more tape and same great quality. I love how easy they are to use and strength of this tape never failed - one tape strip and done for all my returns.Note: Even though this is made by Duck Brand, which usually means Duct Tape, this is NOT duct tape, it's packaging tape.Dispenses easily from it's built-in dispenser, the serrated edge on the dispenser cuts well and isn't so sharp that it's dangerous. This packaging tape sticks well to your package and makes it distinctive. I also used it to "decorate" a 3-ring binder that was starting to fray, so it does have other uses besides shipping. However, I don't expect this will last as long as duct tape does for repairs.Really disappointed at this refill. I mean, I don't think this is the real Parker. The print on the metal surface of the refill is kind of unclear and oily. Seems like a cheap fake one. I tried both the refills in the package, and after a few pages writing, and by page I mean, just small memo pads, it stopped working. There is no sufficient ink coming out, I get very weak blue and white lines on paper, just as if you have already used it up! Both refills in the box works like that. Couldn't believe it. Just throw them away.These were great after the ink in my Parker Jotter dried up.  I was able to use the other in a completely different pen that happened to have a similar style refill.  These seem to fit most nicer pens and write very well.I wanted to replace the ballpoint refill in my Parker Jotter and Parker Sonnet with something that wrote easier and smoother.  The lines for the Gel refill are bold.  This writes like butter.  I love it.However, the title of the product on Amazon has been changed a few times.  As I said above, I DO NOT have a Parker Rollerball, but rather several Parker retractable ballpoints, such as the Jotter and the Sonnet.  These take 3 7/8" refills, not the larger refills for Rollerballs.  This product fits my Parker retractable ballpoints perfectly.  Hmmm.Well I like all parker pens and the gel is the best but on this order all but one refill have the little wax tip off this made the ink dry out so 5 of the 6 I ordered where no good shame others i had gotten have been ok this was the first with them dried out this bad. I am glad I still had one left from other order not sure but i think I will go to office store for my next ones.They work well, but if you don't use it for a long time it will dry up and make it impossible to write with.Love the smooth flow of gel ink, and extremely happy to find that Parker has one. The two-pack works out perfectly as I have two Kensington Virtuoso styluses (styli?) with pen that takes Parker refills. Tip comes protected with a small ball of wax,I put these in mySmith & Wesson SWPENBL Blue Tactical Pen.  They fit perfectly.  This was a huge improvement to the ink that came with the pen.  It writes smoothly and doesn't skip.  I highly recommend the pen too.Like another reviewer, I also purchased these to replace the cartridge in a S&W tactical pen.  I really did buy this pen more to just have a nice pen than anything "tactical" about it.  This made for an instant upgrade.  The pen now writes much more smoothly and the ink dries super fast for gel.  If you just bought a nice pen and it came with a junk cartridge, these are for you.  If you don't like gel, I'm not sure these will change your opinion, though.What can I really say.  They meet specs and the ink doesn't smudge at all.  Haven't had them long enough to see how long they last.If you've never used the Gel Refills, try them.Have to find them on line.Come from the old school, so like these refills.I have this gel pen refill in black and they write very well. However, they are fine point and the blue are medium point which is too broad for my writing needs. The refill also skips when I write. The fine black gel refill doesn't do that. The medium point is good for some writing needs so I will continue to use them for such tasks as filling out forms.I used it to refill my aluminum pen that also accepts gel space pen, it is cheaper than the space pen refills, but I think it is not as good asArrives as ordered.  The are great but not for over usage (daily).Dry out too quickly.I use these at work on a laminated worksheet (to save ink/paper). It's handy having the eraser right on the end. The magnet seems kind of wasted as the weight, or maybe the odd shape, makes the markers fall off the fridge. Otherwise, these are great.I bought a white board that came with one of these markers and I thought it was ingenious but when I purchased this pack from Amazon, the markers were very poor quality. Though I have no complaints about the handy eraser or magnet function, writing with the markers was a useless venture. The brand-new markers wrote like very well-worn dry-erase markers even when pressing down firmly.What I love about these is the attached eraser. Some how white board erasers, seem to disappear when you need it the most.  With these, there is no misplacing the eraser. The size is great because it is not the super thick size. However, I'm not sure why Yellow was included. If you have a white board, yellow is invisible. A teacher could write the answers to the exam on the board and not worry that any student will be able to see them whist taking an exam. Great try, but loose the yellow!We have a white board that the kids play with and I thought these markers might be good because they each have their own eraser... no more fighting over the eraser.  But these markers seems harder to erase than other we've used and the erasers don't cut it.  Two fell off the first day we used them and one is flaking into bits.These are great dry erase markers for kids.We all know how much kids can abuse markers, so I wanted to get a cheap set that wouldn't be ruined right away, and would be easier for my little ones to use.  These are perfect for smaller hands, and in bright colors that kids like.  The tip is bigger than it appears in the picture, and has withstood my kids abuse thus far.  The erasers on the end are a nice touch and work pretty well, however they are obviously not meant for erasing the entire board.I would not recommend these for office use/large board use however.  They are too small for that, and would run out quickly.  I could see these being good for use with a projector or a dry erase calender, but these are not the big, longer lasting chisel tip markers.  These would be good for occasional use on a smaller board.I don't see these lasting forever, but for the price they can't be beat.If you're looking for some markers to put some fun colors on the whiteboard, these will work fine. Your kids will have a great time drawing with them.But, if you're doing lots of technical work on a whiteboard, the smudges, imprecise lines, and general size/feel of these compared to full-sized (and higher cost) color whiteboard markers will be obvious.These whiteboard markers come in gorgeous, bright colors with a nice fine point that makes your whiteboard writing much more legible than standard markers.  I have a set from the Board Dudes like these:Magnetic Markers Fun 6-Packthat LOOK the same on the outside, but the writing output of this Screamers set is MUCH superior--colors are brighter and much more vivid as they dry.Cap mounted erasers and magnetic caps make these convenient and "unloseable."  Highly recommended!These are good markers for a white-board (or I guess anywhere you might use dry-erase markers).  Each of the bright colors has a small eraser on it's cap that allows for convenient and precise erasing.  The pack contains a nice rainbow array of 6 colors and they seem to last pretty well.  My daughter has even left some uncapped for hours at a time with no harm done.I love the fact that you have a set of different colors, low odor, and a magnetic cap that does not fall off.  If the eraser seems to get flaky or dirty, just wipe it across a dry paper towel and that takes care of the eraser.These are pretty nice markers especially for drawing. I've been using them for drawing 3-D  hands which I'm just learning how to do. I'll post one of them, but my best one I gave away to a friend who's dying.  : (These are a little thicker than I normally like to use for writing, but I have my husband use them on the calendar because his handwriting is often so small I can't read it. So it works well for him.This is a generous set with bold colors. I've enjoyed using them in addition to my Sharpies and Prismacolors! I'll continue to use them as they add a bold element to my art.I recommend these dry erase markers to anyone who wants markers with a bit of a thicker tip. Not thick, but not fine.These are handy dry-erase markers, especially if your marker-board is magnetic.  With that being said, the magnet isn't quite strong enough to keep the markers held horizontally on the magnetic surface, as it's suggested you do, to keep all the ink in the marker from draining out of the felt tip.  This is a minor thing.  I prop up the back end of the marker with another magnet that's already nearby, and haven't had a problem.  It's nice to have an eraser right on the cap, for quick corrections.  I'd still use something else for erasing a whole marker-board full of writing, but the cap-based eraser is excellent for quick corrections!  The only thing I DON'T like about this set of markers is the yellow one- it doesn't really show up all that well, at least not on my white boards.  I don't really understand its purpose, unless I'm drawing daisies on my whiteboard and want them to have yellow centers.  Ummm.... that doesn't really happen all that much.  So I wish that instead of the yellow marker, I wish they'd included a different color that's known to show up.  But that's not enough to make me dock this product a star.  Maybe I WILL start drawing daisies with yellow centers, since I have the yellow marker, anyway!This is a nice set...fun colors that are bold and go onto the whiteboard nicely.  I think, though that the designers went a bit over the top, and instead of producing just a good, solid set of markers for personal use, added too much.  The mini-erasers are OK, but if you are like me you are likely to correct any errors by erasing with your finger before you remember that there is one built in.The biggest design flaw in this product is that the built-in magnets aren't strong enough.  They are barely strong enough to support the weight of the marker when attached to a whiteboard, and are easily dislodged.  They are small enough, however to stay easily on the top of the whiteboard, and the square head design keeps them from rolling off.All in all, a good product, but not quite 5-star worthy.Our dry erase board is next to our refrigerator. We usually put the dry erase markers on top of the fridge. They are forever rolling off and getting lost. These handy things stick tight to the refrigerator. The ink is very nice, strong colors with super fine tips.Also, I really love the eraser on the end. It works great, and these markers wipe very cleanly off the board. I highly recommend this product.These mini dry erase markers are definitely 'mini'.  The colors (excepting the yellow) are all bright and easy to read, and the magnets are useful for sticking the marker to the refrigerator side.  So far, I have had no problems with dry markers, detaching magnets, or ghosting on my whiteboard.  I don't know yet how long these will last, but they have survived the three weeks I have been using them.These little dry erase markers are quite handy! We have had a dry erase board on our fridge for years, but unfortunately our board does not have a place to keep a marker. These markers solved that problem. The lid has a small magnet attached so we can stick them on the fridge right next to the white board! Not only does it have a magnet on the side, but the lids have an eraser at the top for quick and handy erasing!I was excited to get these because I like bright colors, and because I keep a family whiteboard calendar that I like to color code (don't judge, I'm fussy).  Unfortunately, they are a disappointment on a number of levels.They SMUDGE:  The tips are not fine, and seem cheaply made, almost frayed.  I can't write cleanly or clearly with them.They SMEAR:  When you try to erase with the attached erasers, they smear.  You need a real white-board eraser, and sometimes you need white-board spritz cleaner too.  The attached erasers are useless.They are SHODDY:  The magnets are weak, which makes the markers slide off and/or get knocked off easily.  The erasers are not only useless, but they fall off after a few days use.  The whole kit is cheap, like something from the dollar store.  Or a cereal box.Bottom Line:  2 stars for bright colors and the fact that they are functioning markers.  They will not work for you if you do a lot of erasing, or need to write detailed notes with them, or use your white-board frequently.  Another reviewer wrote that they would work for a dorm room style, cheap memo board, and that's probably true- though you would trash the whole thing in a month when the marker residue could no longer be erased.We have a small dry-erase board at my work that we use on daily basis to write down things that need to be ordered/purchased. The big problem with this is that either markers get lost or they dry out and are almost illegible. So I got these markers to use for that and they work great. The pack of six means we won't run out for a while and we can just throw them away when they dry out. The caps have magnets on them so they can hang out on the board and not get lost, as well as an eraser, which is far better than using your finger.As others have pointed out, these are fairly fine-tip markers, so they won't be of much use on large boards, or for things that need to be read at a distance. But for small boards, especially ones shared by different people (co-workers, families, etc), these are perfect; and the mix of colors can be handy too, so each person gets their own color.I thought these markers would be a little better than what they are.  They are small, fine pointed, and overall a little disappointing.  They are pretty dim and seem watered down.  I had to go over the lines I drew on my white board several times to be able to read the board clearly.  The white board I have in my kitchen is actually non magenetic (I didn't know this until after I received these markers), so I have these markers stuck on to my refridgerator.  I haven't had any issues with them falling down, so the magnet part seems to work.  If only the actual marker part worked better and appeared more vibrant.  I did like the little mini erasers stuck to the back of the marker - a cute and convenient idea.I do appreciate the fact that each marker has an eraser built into the cap.  You don't realize how convenient that is until you have it.  I use this with a small 11 x 17 whiteboard that I carry around when I help my kid with his homework.  The size is perfect for that whiteboard.  Also, the cap has a magnet on one side, so you can hang the markers on the whiteboard when not in use.For those that like dry erase markers these are good. My kid loves dry erase markers and these bright colors are favorites of his. Also each market has an eraser on the back which for kids is very smart. The back side is small and can be used to spot away mistakes or even used to add white to colored areas. The markers last a long time too and have not yet run out.This marker set has fun, bright colors (although the yellow one is of limited use on a white board).  They have magnets in the cap, which makes them handy for white boards without a pen tray.  They have little erasers on the cap, which is convenient for making a small correction.  For erasing the whole board, you're still going to want a separate, full-size eraser.These don't seem quite as high quality as the office standards like Expo, but the little handy touches make them nice for home calendars, kids rooms, dorm rooms, etc.I took a white board to a recent reunion to list various events, but also wanted other participants to be able to list activities so I needed a marker that would stay with the board and not be too easy to lose.  I was delighted to find these as they magnetically stick to the board and have a built in eraser to boot.  I didn't need all the colors for my reunion board, but on the way in the car, the kids had a blast with them.  They drew pictures, noted license plates seen, invented games to play and generally had a great time with the board and markers before we even got to the reunion.  And a joy to me is that the markers didn't smell like many do.  That would have been unpleasant in the closed up car.Now, the markers don't stick tight to the board, but tight enough to keep track of them in normal circumstances.  The magnet is in the cap.  The little eraser is great, so we didn't need to worry about that either.  I spent forever looking over the various white boards available at the store searching for one with a tray or marker attachment device and wondering how I could ensure keeping markers and eraser handy during our event.  When I saw these markers, all my problems were solved in one package.  They worked great.  I highly recommend them for many uses from kids play to marking a white board calendar or note board on the fridge to meetings and events.I bought this set because I was tired of the classic red/blue/green/black dry-erase markers and I'm so glad I did.My board looks like it has life, a story and best of all it always looks cheerful now..:)I use the fuchsia as a substitute to what I would use the red for example for something very important/urgent/etc. and it still gets the point across but without my eyes feeling violated and my blood pressure going up from the red burning away..LOL..Just kidding!Honestly if you are looking for a set for your kids room, teenager its great but I use it for my board everyday and I love it just as much (it might even make you want to draw a butterfly).The colors really do make all the difference in the world to me (even though I would like to substitute the yellow with something else because you can barely see it when the sun is shining).All the colors last long, are vivid, bright and happy, they wipe off easily without leaving a trail of color or stain, the magnets are pretty strong, the sponge erases very well, and the markers do not smell.I definitely would buy the set again and I do recommend it.I am reluctant to write this review because, alas, I just finished an unfavorable review of another product by Quartet. But there's no way around it: except for the green one, unfortunately this entire set of markers arrived dry and unusable. I have a large Quartet dry erase board which my daughter likes to doodle on, so I was happy to find this set of colored, magnetized dry-erase markers that would cling right to the whiteboard without getting lost! But sadly, they just don't write. My rating: 5 stars for concept plus1 star for performance averages out to three.We use a lot of dry erase markers in our family's homeschool. The last set I triedExpo Washable Bullet Tip Dry Erase Markers, 6 Colored Markers) was a complete disaster as they stained my whiteboard and it took rubbing alcohol to clean it. Fortunately I didn't have that problem with these Quartet ReWritables! The orange one did leave a bit of residue when I erased it with the eraser on the tip of the marker. However, it came off easily when I used the spray cleaner.The one thing that surprised me was that the colors of the inks looked darker on the whiteboard than I had been expecting from the colors on the markers. That's not really a bad thing, however, as the darker colors make the writing easier to see.I will definitely be choosing these in the future over the terrible Expo Washables.This is a handy set of colors that's great for a fridge or magnetic whiteboard. They have magnets and erasers  built into the lids, so it's easy to keep track of the lids while you're color-coding your calendar or what-have-you, and you don't need to hunt down a cloth or dirty your fingers if you make a quick mistake. They're fine enough to write fairly small, but not superfine, about the thickness of a Sharpie.My only complaint is that the magnets are pretty weak, strong enough to hold up the pen, but not a bit more. It would be nice if they could at least hold up a sheet of paper if need be.I was pretty disappointed with these dry erase markers. First, when taking them out of the plastic bag they were housed in - I grabbed two by the eraser at the top and the erases came off! They weren't attached to the cap at all - simply placed inside the came, meaning the erasers will soon be lost.Secondly - the magnets didn't stick very well on some of the markers. Meaning - they wouldn't stay attached to my dry erase board.  So basically - the two best selling points of the markers didn't work well at all.The markers themselves worked well enough - they draw in a thin line which is great for us as my kids do a lot of school work on our dry erase board. The marker makes a line more similar to a pen you might use, so this would be great for a personal lap dry erase board or again - practicing school work on a dry erase board.The markers are small - probably 3/4 the length of the more common dry erase markers.But, the cheapness of the magnets and the erasers not being properly attached would keep me from purchasing or recommending these markers.Quick thoughts:These pens are small; which is great if you want to jot something down, but horrible if you are a person who consistently writes on a white board.The colors flow with minimal fade. Meaning that you don't have to go over what you wrote to get clarity. (Not as deep in color as the Quartet Enduraglide)The eraser is a nice touch for erasing a sentence or two, but comical if trying to erase a whole board.The magnet is powerful enough to hold the pen, so you should have no worries about the pens sliding down a magnetic surface.The lids of the pen hold firmly to the pen body when being used.I use these on my fridge to quickly jot down any missing items we might need on our next grocery trip. Being able to keep them handy on the fridge is a great convenience.Whoever invented these is a genius, they are the greatest concept ever, but the eraser isn't as good as I hoped.They are small, have magnets to attach it to a fridge, but you have to put a lot of pressure to erase them, and I think the eraser could be improved.Still happy to have them.This was the perfect compliment to our white/cork board.  After awhile, you can only look at black marker so long...then you need to expand your horizons!The magnets work great to keep them on our board and they write/erase with ease.These dry erase markers are adequate for small at home projects but if you are looking at longer term use as in a classroom, look elsewhere.  The magnet feature makes it theoretically attractive for teachers, but it is not particularly strong and the ink insufficient to make these practical.  Likewise with the eraser....it simply is not convenient or useful.  Good for kitchens or dorm doors.I also bought the bright colors pack and was perfectly happy with them.  This set, compared with the brights, just does not stand up as well.  It started with all the pens being covered in dirt or something, that did not come off with a casual dust.  The pens work well, but I prefer the other set better.How much can one really say about dry erase markers, except that it would be nice to have an orange, and the purple is really more bluish.  We have a small dry erase board ostensibly for leaving messages, but which mostly gets used for drawing practice by our five and seven year old daughters, so it is nice that they have more colors to choose from.  And they conveniently come equipped with magnets so they always get put back and we're not always hunting for them.It seems natural to me (and apparently to my daughters as well), based on the design and location of the magnet, that these markers should be stored point up, so that the marker is hanging from the magnet.  I discovered, however, that they need to be stored point down (sticking up from the magnet) or else the markers will seem to be dry when you go to use them.  It's a bit disconcerting when week old markers seem to be dry already, but simply re-orienting them solved the problem.With the exception of the purple, the colors are pretty bright and they make a nice medium line.  I'll be curious to see how long these markers last, but for now I'd say we're satisfied.So far I am very happy with these dry-erase mini markers.  I wanted them primarily for desk-top use at the office (I have a small dry-erase jot board and a desktop dry-erase calendar as well.  With other markers I've tried, even those claiming to be 'fine tipped', I've found it difficult to write in small clear print; these mini-markers have a very fine tip, making them ideal for small writing.  The cap-mounted erasers are very handy and provide a quick and clean erasure of the board without having to keep tissues or paper towels on hand.  All in all, a very handy desk supply ... and in bright fun colors too!Dry erase markers are not expensive and we go through many at our house.  We keep a couple of whiteboards around to jot things down.  These offered a couple of unique features that were intriguing.One- the small (mini) size.  Most of the markers we have used in the past were large.  Sort of the size of a Sharpie, and because of their diameter, it is difficult to write as neatly as I would like.  These mini markers allow us to make notes that are neat, clear, and legible.  They are only about 4&#34; long and pencil thickness, so it's easy to handle them.Two- the magnetic tips.  Forever, when we grab a dry erase marker to make an entry the cap has been left off overnight or for even longer and it won't write because it is dried out.  Plus, without magnets to attach them to the board, you can never seem to find one nearby.  The caps for these markers cover the tips as all markers do, but the caps also contain the magnets.  So to replace them on the board, you must replace the cap.  That keeps them from drying out and always at hand.Having the multiple colors available without searching for a different marker is a fine thing.  We use different colors to list &#34;things to do for the next day&#34;, for kids' chores, for bills due later, for household repairs needed but not instantly such as painting, and for miscellaneous.  Now, the kids can't say they missed the notes for them because of the mess with everything in the same color.The small size may limit the length of time they will last, but as inexpensive as they are, it will be easy to rebut new ones.Highly recommended if you are a white board addict.Bottom line:Cheap construction, too small, weak magnets, and floppy erasers make for a less than ideal experience.The magnets aren't strong enough to hold these to my work white board, they slide down slowly.  The caps are cheap and flimsy and sometimes difficult to put on the back, and the eraser weight at the end makes them awkward.  The eraser is a handy feature, but flops around a lot when you are using it, they made them a bit too long.  The fine tip can be useful for detail work.  Color choice is also not ideal and there is no black marker, but I guess that is why they call them screamers, but I think the orange is a bit muddy looking, and the yellow hard to see.  They don't really scream to me.  I think I will stick to the basic Expo pack, thank you very much, but these might appeal to people looking for odd colors for decorative drawing or maybe calendars, etc where they want to color code things.These colors are nice to have, and they erase easily. My only sad note is that they are not as dark as I'd like. I prefer the dry-erase markers that are really dark (not transparent), and also easy to erase. I will use these up, but probably not replace them.The Quartet ReWritables Mini Dry-Erase Markers are my go to for many reasons. Not just are they handy for jotting down to-do lists, important numbers, and must remember dates on the calendar, but for school work as well. This handy reusable six pack offers a great variety of color (red, yellow, green, blue, purple, and black) which is fantastic if you may be color coding certain lists or if just like to write using different colors. The markers are non-toxic and don't seem to have much of an odor. I feel safe letting my children use these to practice writing letters, numbers, and many more things. These are far from the markers I grew up using with odors so strong I'd feel sick and sometimes come down with a headache!Other than the variety of colors and the handy reusable pouch the set of mini markers arrives in that I like is the magnetic caps. The magnetic caps feature not just that but also a extremely handy eraser built into the top! It's been nice not to have to locate a rag or an eraser if I need to make a change to something right away. The erasers remove the dry-erase markings without leaving anything behind on all surface  I tested on. The magnet on the markers isn't the strongest  as I've had a marker take a dive when the fridge door close a little hard. But usually the markers hold well enough to cling to a fridge or on a magnetic dry erase board without issue (I've found these fit perfectly into the top clip some dry erase boards have).  I will state that it's great to not have to also search for a marker if I need to jot something down fast. The magnet allows for ease of use right away, just be careful not to slam a door a little too hard!The ultra-fine tip makes these ideal for use on smaller surfaces (such as a dry erase calender) and gives you greater detail in your writing. The ink flow is strong and the colors bold, in my opinion.  These are mini so if used often enough, a pack might last you a month and half, maybe two.The price is pretty reasonable to stock up on these or purchase them regularly. I would most certainly recommend these for day to day use. If you were writing with these all day long, I don't think they'd last very long.These markers are super small.  Magnet on cap is weak, and barely keeps markers on my white board.  If using a smaller white dry erase board, probably totally fine.  If like me, a teacher... using a super large board, not going to last too long.I love the colors and the concept, but here are a few observations:+ No odor when uncapped, as compared to other Dry-Erase markers+ Magnet holds to refrigerator fine+ Pretty colors, but the yellow is very light.  Easy to leave multiple messages in different colors rather than drawing lines.- Flimsy erasers- Too short to feel comfortable in my hand.  I wish they were longer.This set of dry erase markers is about what you'd expect for the price. You've got all the basics covered, each one has an eraser and magnet. They are all fine tipped and write just fine. It's important to store these guys tip side down or they dry out. The capacity isn't huge so I don't expect them to last for a very long time. These are really meant for a small note sized board and not for frequent use.I really like the colors on these markers, they are easy to write with, and the writing is quite readable. The magnets are neat, too: we can just stick them on the whiteboard and leave them there. I really was in favor of the cap-mounted erasers, though, and half of them fell off the first day.  For the price, get the markers if you like the colors, but don't count on the little bitty erasers.Mine aren't quite as dry as many of the reviewers here seem to have received, but they definitely aren't &#34;juicy&#34; by any means... I just saw that another reviewer suggested storing them facing downward which I will try and update if that helps... I normally keep my dry erase markers sitting in a cup facing up and they work fine so I question the quality of these but for under four dollars I can't really complain. I was looking for low odor smaller markers for my 4yr old who likes to &#34;write&#34; on a white board and the built in erasers are excellent for her little hands as are the smaller markers. I think they are fine for occasional use or for a child but I'd look elsewhere for everyday or adult use.Very functional for my family whiteboard on the pantry door and the kids are able to use their imagination when putting notes up for everyone to notice.. I put a double sided velro tape to stick the plastic holder the pens come in right on an open space on the whiteboard. Colors are not exactly as seen on caps and look several shades lighter. Got it for the size and the multiple colors.When I ordered these markers, I thought the colors would be bold.  But the only dark color is the black one.  The other colors are pale.  I've found that if you shake the pens before using, the colors are a little bolder, but not by much.  Each pen has a magnet attached and an eraser.Whiteboard markers should have a fine tip, vivid colors and a quick-drying ink so I don't smear my hands. I got all that and magnetic caps with the ReWritables Standard Mini Markers. The non-toxic, light odor features were an added bonus.I have had the markers for a couple weeks now and there's no sign of drying up. I'm using the markers with a non-Quarter whiteboard. The ReWritables mini dry-erase markers arrived at the same time I received theQuartet Arc Cubicle Combination Board. The board had a buckle in the magnetic whiteboard. This is the only instance where I have had trouble with a Quartet product.